From keycards to touchpads , scientists have developed all sorts of alternatives to conventional metal keys . Now researchers at the University of Washington have developed a “ smart ” fabric that they say can be used to create clothing programmed with the wearer 's identity — making it possible to open doors at home and at work with just the swipe of a shirt cuff .
“ With our approach we can transform everyday clothes like a shirt into a magnetic hard drive that can store codes and images , and which can be thrown into a washer and dryer without any loss of information , ” Justin Chan , a Ph.D. student in computer science and engineering at the university and the lead author of a recent study about the new technology , told NBC News MACH in an email .
For the research , Chan and his colleagues used sewing machines and off-the-shelf conductive thread to create magnetizable embroidery . Then , they used a magnet to `` program '' sections of the embroidery with positive or negative poles to represent the zeros and ones of digital passcodes . These resulting codes can be read by a magnetometer , an inexpensive sensor that detects magnetic fields .
In one test , the researchers programmed a shirtsleeve patch with the passcode for an electronic door lock . They were able to unlock the door by swiping the cuff in front of an array of magnetometers affixed to the door .
Chan says the technology is a less expensive alternative to conventional keycards , which store passcodes in radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) chips that use electromagnetic fields to identify people or objects . “ RFID readers can cost hundreds of dollars , whereas each magnetometer can retail for under a dollar , ” he told MACH . “ You can have a much cheaper reader and be able to read information that 's on your clothes . ”
The patches of fabric developed by Chan and his team could be sewn into clothing at the time of manufacture , and then later programmed with individual magnetic passcodes in much the same way that hotel staff now program keycards for guests .
The smart fabric could also be sewn into workers ' uniforms , Chan says , so that `` instead of scanning an RFID keycard to get to work everyday , these employees can instead scan the cuff of their shirt against a reader and easily access authorized areas . ''
Finally , the researchers say clothing retailers could use the new technology for inventory control , with magnetic barcodes or security tags sewn into the garments .
The technology was described in a paper presented Oct. 25 at an Association for Computing Machinery symposium in Quebec City , Canada .
Share
Bidding a fond — and frequently bloody — farewell to characters on The Walking Dead has become a tradition of sorts for fans of AMC 's popular zombie drama series . And yet , the potential departure of one particular character has sent tremors through the show 's fanbase and led to questions about whether the long-running series can survive without him .
Former sheriff Rick Grimes , the character played by Andrew Lincoln who has led the series ' ragtag group of survivors through countless threats from both humans and living dead , is rumored to be ending his run on The Walking Dead with the upcoming season 9 .
As initially reported by Collider , Lincoln is rumored to appear in only six episodes of the upcoming season . With the eighth-season exit of cast member Chandler Riggs , who played Rick 's son in the series , Lincoln is now the last remaining cast member from the series premiere to have an active role in the show .
According to the unconfirmed ( and therefore , unofficial ) report , actor Norman Reedus is being courted as a potential replacement for Lincoln as the series lead due to the popularity of his character , Daryl Dixon .
Possibly joining Lincoln in exiting the show is Lauren Cohan , who has portrayed fellow survivor Maggie in the series since the second episode of season 2 . Like Lincoln , Cohan is only contracted for the first six episodes of season 9 , so it 's a possibility that two of the series ' longest-running characters could be nearing the end of their zombie-filled journey in the upcoming season .
The eighth season of The Walking Dead lived up to its “ All Out War ” tagline by pitting Rick , Maggie , Daryl , and the residents of several survivor communities against the forces of a group known as The Saviors , led by the brutal Negan ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ) . The battle raged throughout most of the season , culminating in the final episode that pitted Rick against Negan , face to face , in a final brawl for the future of the survivors ' communities .
Along with potential changes in front of the camera , season 9 of The Walking Dead will also have writer and co-executive producer Angela Kang move into the showrunner role on the series . There is currently no premiere date set for season 9 of The Walking Dead .
The law works as it has for centuries in the Guatemalan indigenous community of Solola : Townsfolk bring grievances and local authorities make rulings , usually with a speed unheard of in a country where justice is often delayed , if it comes at all .
At one recent weekly court session , Maria Micaela Panjoc , baby in arms , came with a request for paternity payments . Others sought help with land disputes . Andres Xelp wanted the judges to force his son to move back home .
The generally non-partisan leaders of local Mayan communities hear the cases , trying to find quick resolutions when they can and sometimes passing cases over to formal prosecutors when they can not — as in the case of a young woman speaking the Kaqchikel language who said she 'd been raped .
The Solola court alone handled 3,000 cases last year .
For generations , outsiders have looked down on indigenous law courts , as they have on the native cultures themselves . Some 40 percent of Guatemala 's 17 million people identify themselves as indigenous and they are pushing for wider respect for the traditional ways in which their cultures deal with their differences , though opposition remains strong within the country 's non-indigenous communities .
Guatemala 's Constitutional Court already has accepted some rulings by indigenous courts and there 's a move to formally amend the country 's constitution to recognize them . An earlier measure to do that came two votes short in congress , with opposition coming from conservatives and from business interests that said they feared legal confusion if different systems co-exist .
Members of congress on Wednesday are scheduled to discuss the proposed constitutional amendment to recognize indigenous justice as part of the country 's judicial system . At least 105 of 158 legislators must approve the proposal for it to pass .
The idea has gained support from national Attorney General Thelma Aldana , as well as Ivan Velaszuqez , who heads the U.N. Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala that has been assisting in corruption investigations in the country .
`` Guatemala has to be a place where all its inhabitants belong , '' said Velazquez , who visited Solola to view the court process .
The formal legal system has often exploited or ignored indigenous Guatemalans , who were legally required to perform forced labor well into the 20th century and who generally found it nearly impossible to pay for lawyers . Even now , only 10 percent of the country 's townships have prosecutors ' offices .
In Solola , Mayor Tomas Saloj presided over hearings in a town hall decorated with the 20 figures representing the Mayan calendar — 20 days per month , 18 months per year . On the table that served as the judge 's bench were a candle and a glass of water , an invitation for the wisdom of dead ancestors to enter .
Punishments can include restitution , community labor , banishment or whippings : Two braided leather whips hang in the Solola town hall as a reminder .
Agustin Bocel , a town spokesman , recalled a case of attempted rape in which the attacker was sentenced to nine lashes of a whip — at the insistence of his own mother , one for each month she carried him , to remind him of the shame he caused her . Bocel said the man has never caused problems again .
Tomas Guarcas , the mayor of nearby Pixabaj , defended the practice .
`` Whipping is a punishment that is like educating children , without violating human rights , '' he said , adding that the punishment is usually applied by `` by one of the offender 's relatives , the mother , father or in-laws . ''
Indigenous Congressman Amilcar Pop said the use of floggings is increasingly discouraged , however .
`` This type of mechanism is something that has to be controlled and avoided , '' Pop said .
Aldana , the attorney general , said she sees no contradiction between the indigenous system and the formal courts . The indigenous courts , she said , `` have helped maintain the peace '' and helped `` reduce pressure on the regular justice system and its budget . ''
Victoria Chuj is one of just three women among the 71 mayors in the province of Solola , of which the town of Solola is part . She carries her wooden staff — the badge of her authority , decorated with four tokens representing the four directions — with pride .
`` The staff has to be good and straight so that , like justice , it can not be bent , '' Chuj said .
This artist 's impression shows the orbits of three of the stars very close to the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way . Analysis of data from ESO 's Very Large Telescope and other telescopes suggests that the orbits of these stars may show the subtle effects predicted by Einstein 's general theory of relativity . There are hints that the orbit of the star called S2 is deviating slightly from the path calculated using classical physics . The position of the supermassive black hole is marked with a white circle with a blue halo .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
A group of astronomers in Germany and the Czech Republic observed three stars in a cluster near the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way galaxy . Using data from the Very Large Telescope in Chile , among others , the researchers tracked how the stars moved as they went around the monster black hole .
One of the stars , called S2 , showed slight deviations in its orbit that might indicate relativistic effects , scientists said . If the observations are confirmed , then it shows that Einstein 's theory of general relativity holds even under extreme conditions — in gravity fields produced by objects like the galactic center 's black hole , which contains the mass of 4 million suns . General relativity says that massive objects bend the space around them , causing other objects to deviate from straight lines they would follow absent any forces on them . [ The Strangest Black Holes of the Universe ]
The position of the supermassive black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy , as well as the giant star S2 , are shown ( inset ) in this near-infrared image from the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope in Chile.The black hole 's position is marked with an orange cross ESO/MPE/S . Gillessen et al .
`` Most relativity tests are done with our sun and the stars , so they are in the 1-solar-mass or few-solar-mass [ es ] limit , '' Andreas Eckart , a professor of experimental physics at the University of Cologne in Germany , who led the research team , told Space.com . `` Or with the [ Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory ] recently , that 's a few 10s of solar masses . ''
The stars used in the observations are so close to the black hole that they move at 1 or 2 percent the speed of light , Eckart said , and they approach to within only about 100 times the Earth-sun distance of the black hole itself , which is quite close by galactic standards , he said . ( Pluto averages about 39 times the Earth 's distance from the sun , which is about 93 million miles or 150 million kilometers ) .
Using orbiting bodies to show relativistic effects is not new ; observations of the planet Mercury in the 19th century showed that its movements deviated from what Isaac Newton 's theory of gravity predicted . At first , astronomers thought they had evidence of another planet , which they dubbed Vulcan . Einstein was able to show in 1915 that relativity could explain the deviation .
Mercury 's motions proved Einstein correct , but the sun 's gravity is weak compared to that of a supermassive black hole . This is why Eckart and his team set out to see if Einstein 's theory held up in a more extreme environment . While gravitational lensing , the bending of light by massive objects , shows that massive objects bend space , the recent research is the first time anyone has taken precise measurements of any object orbiting so close to a black hole .
The measurement itself is not as precise as it might be , Eckart said . Future work will get a better read on the stars ' positions and narrow down the result . He said one plan is to get better spectrographic measurements , which would reveal S2 's movement more precisely .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Celebrating The Curiosity Rover 's First Five Years On Mars 00:02:47
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM
More than 900 miners were rescued from a gold mine in South Africa after a severe storm knocked out power and stranded them underground overnight , the company which runs the mine said Friday morning .
Power was restored Friday morning and 955 miners who were still trapped in Sibanye-Stillwater 's Beatrix gold mine were safely hoisted to the surface , according to a statement by the company .
The company had managed to restore power to two mine shafts Thursday morning and brought up 272 people from one shaft and 64 from the other , the company said in a statement Friday .
A rescued miner waves from a bus window carrying some of the hundreds of miners rescued Friday morning from the Beatrix gold mine after being trapped underground overnight following a power outage . Gianluigi Guercia / AFP/Getty Images
`` Mine rescue and medical teams were mobilized and due care was taken to ensure employees were safe and had access to food and water , '' the statement said , adding that contingency plans were in place to evacuate the miners in the event that power was not restored .
Sibanye-Stillwater that employees who were trapped underground would receive thorough medical examinations and trauma counselling , together with their families , if needed .
`` This is significant rescue effort and one that all who participated in , can be extremely proud off , and it is a clear demonstration of the competence within the South African mining industry , '' Sibanye-Stillwater CEO Neal Froneman said . `` The actions taken by management and decisions taken resulted in all of our employees returning safely to their families . ''
Related : Robots are replacing humans in the world 's mines . Here 's why .
Mine security officials walk underground at Sibanye Gold 's Masimthembe mine in Westonaria , South Africa on April 3 , 2017 . Mike Hutchings / Reuters file
The National Union of Mineworkers told Reuters early Thursday that the company was using a generator to help rescue workers .
`` The problem is they are rescuing one mineworker at a time . It is very slow . It is worrying , '' NUM spokesman Livhuwani Mammburu told Reuters . `` Some of our members have chronic conditions and they do n't have medication down there . ''
Related : Trump says he loves miners but critics say he 's putting their lives in danger .
The Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union said in a statement on Twitter that it viewed the incident `` as extreme due to the sheer number of workers involved . ''
`` This incident also raises serious concern regarding the lacking emergency contingency plans at the mine for alternative and back-up power generation , '' the statement added .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) - In a story Feb. 2 about Jon Huntsman Sr. , The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting his son 's presidential campaign . He gave more than $ 1.8 million , not $ 1.8 billion .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Jon Huntsman Sr. , Utah billionaire and philanthropist , dies
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died at the age of 80 .
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. , who overcame poverty to become one of the state 's most successful and powerful people , died Friday at age 80 .
Huntsman 's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death . The Huntsman Corp. , which he founded , said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home , surrounded by family .
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $ 11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products . He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr. , the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor , presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore .
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $ 1.4 billion , including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name .
`` Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered , and it will be , as any evil eventually is defeated , '' Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography . He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission `` if it takes my last dollar -- and I expect that will be the case . ''
In 1970 , Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp. , which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald 's Corp. 's Big Mac hamburger . He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later , consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp. , producing materials used in a wide range of products , from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components .
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company 's leader . His father continued to serve on the company 's board of director and was named chairman emeritus .
`` He leaves behind a great company , but even more so , a legacy of optimism , ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments , '' Peter Huntsman said in a statement .
After amassing his fortune , Jon Huntsman gave more than $ 100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics . Huntsman , who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease , eventually gave more than $ 400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation .
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center . After the cancer institute 's director and CEO was fired in April 2017 , Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials `` inept and uncaring . '' The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school 's health care leader and president stepped down .
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah 's homeless shelters as well as more than $ 50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless .
He also played key roles in state and national politics .
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah 's governor .
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney 's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012 , worked for his son 's presidential bid , giving more than $ 1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman .
Following his son 's short-lived race for the Republican nomination , Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs , occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune .
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus .
In the 1980s , Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune 's competitor , the Mormon-church owned Deseret News . He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer , Huntsman wrote in his autobiography .
A committed member of the Mormon church , Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents .
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his `` legacy of faithful leadership , generosity and goodness '' would be a beacon for many around the world .
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987 , when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway . The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $ 1 million ransom . He was later rescued by FBI agents .
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot , Idaho and later moved to California , where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there .
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children , many of whom became involved in the family business .
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children . One daughter , Kathleen Ann Huntsman , died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder .
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday .
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp . It is $ 11 billion , not $ 13 billion .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Steve Berthiaume and Bob Brenly break down the Diamondbacks ' 4-2 victory over the Dodgers .
More FOX Sports Arizona Videos D-backs dedicate Paul Goldschmidt Field in Goodyear Hot Air : Juuust a bit outside Pop quiz : How well do the D-backs know Torey Lovullo ? 2017 D-backs Opening Day introductions WATCH : Madison Bumgarner makes history D-backs Opening Day time lapse More FOX Sports Arizona Videos
I 've covered how to deploy Microsoft Azure MFA with Citrix NetScaler Gateway in the past . I 've also covered the Azure MFA User Portal in depth where the user can choose their MFA method most convenient to them . You can skim through those guides here :
How to deploy Microsoft Azure MFA & AD Connect with Citrix NetScaler Gateway :
http : //www.jasonsamuel.com/2015/09/18/how-to-deploy-microsoft-azure-mfa-ad-connect-with-citrix-netscaler-gateway/
How to deploy Microsoft Azure MFA User Portal on separate servers in the DMZ :
http : //www.jasonsamuel.com/2017/03/06/how-to-deploy-microsoft-azure-mfa-user-portal-on-separate-servers-in-the-dmz/
The easiest methods users opt to use are a push notification from the Microsoft Authenticator app , phone call , or text message . But what happens when the user 's phone is in Airplane mode but they still have WiFi for their laptop and want to authenticate against the NetScaler Gateway so they can get some work done ?
Read the entire article here , Using Microsoft Azure MFA and Citrix NetScaler Gateway with OATH software tokens when traveling – JasonSamuel.com
via Jason Samuel at jasonsamuel.com
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The CEO of the nation 's third largest pharmaceutical company resigned from a manufacturing council that advises President Donald Trump days after racially tinged clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , citing `` a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
Trump , who is under increasing pressure to explicitly condemn the white supremacist and hate groups involved , lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter , saying that because of the resignation , the pharmaceutical executive `` will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Drugmakers have come under closer scrutiny because of rising drug prices , though Merck has not been one of the companies targeted by lawmakers or watchdog groups .
Frazier , who is African American , said in a tweet on Monday that the country 's leaders must `` honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . ''
One person was killed in the protests after a car slammed into a crowd and multiple people were injured in that incident and in running clashes between white supremacists and those opposing them .
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June , and two other advisory groups to the president , after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned from a White House advisory council for the same reason .
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially , but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire , are replaced , or , as with Frazier , Musk and Iger , resign .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Sligo Rovers boss Gerard Lyttle described his side 's FAI Cup loss to Longford Town as `` upsetting , embarrassing and hurtful '' as he vowed to repay the fans with a big performance .
Sligo host Bray Wanderers on Tuesday night in the SSE Airtricity Premier Division in desperate need of three points .
They 're second bottom , three points off ninth-placed Finn Harps having played a game more , and the 4-2 extra-time defeat to First Division Longford was another big blow to morale .
Lyttle admitted the performance was way off what 's expected , but is confident his team will respond .
`` It was disappointing , upsetting , embarrassing , hurtful , '' he said .
`` We were n't good enough and everybody knows what . We spoke for an hour in the dressing-room after the game and the players were more vocal then they 've been before .
`` I believe in our players . We are sticking together and as a club we need to stick together . It 's a big job ahead and there 's no shying away from that .
`` The players played with fear last Saturday and I do n't want my team to play like that . I 've told them to go out and express themselves , believe more in themselves , to focus and show they are better that what we saw . ''
Sligo is without Jamie McDonagh due to suspension but otherwise have a clean bill of health .
Lyttle is now hoping a big effort at the Showgrounds can get the fans back on side and earn a crucial victory .
`` The supporters were unhappy last Saturday and rightfully so , '' he added . `` I know what they are feeling . They are right to voice it .
`` On Tuesday night we play this game against a difficult opponent but we have to keep positive . It 's what we 've tried to do for our players and when the game starts on Tuesday I want our supporters to do what they 've done all season and get behind us once more .
`` It 's going to take a huge effort but this club is capable of it . We 've done well at home , it 's a hard place for teams to come and we can make it even harder by uniting behind the cause and do all we can to get three points . ''
James D. Allen Jr. , 43
LITCHFIELD ( March 19 , 2018 ) – James Donald Allen Jr. , 43 , of Litchfield passed away at 1:57 a.m. , Friday , March 16 , 2018 , at St. John 's Hospital in Springfield .
He was born June 30 , 1974 , in Springfield to James Allen and Doris ( Gibbons ) Davis .
Mr. Allen was a website designer .
In addition to his parents , surviving are his daughters , Destiny Dunham of Wood River and Ember Schlechte of Benton , Ky. ; grandson , Carson Dunham ; brothers , Charles Davis , Chad Davis , Troy Cunningham and Trent Korunka ; sisters , Elizabeth Willis , Rachel Ross , Ruth Allen , Jessica Korunka , BryAnna Davis and Sara Korunka .
He was preceded in death by his father , Russell S. Davis .
A celebration of life service will be held at 6 p.m. , Saturday , March 31 , at Life Harvest Church Hall in Wilsonville . Kravanya Funeral Home in Gillespie is in charge of the arrangements .
Memorials may be made to Kravanya Funeral Home for funeral expenses .
Anyone wishing to send an online condolence may do so at kravanyafuneral.com .
Controlling the pace of the game served Mount de Sales well for most of the first half Friday against unbeaten Tattnall Square , with the two teams locked in a tie as the game headed toward halftime . But miscues swung open the door for the Trojans , and they took advantage to post a pair of scores in the final minutes of the second quarter on their way to a 35-14 win over the Cavaliers on Friday as Tattnall ripped off 21 unanswered points .
The Trojans took a 28-14 lead at halftime , getting a pair of touchdowns less than 80 seconds apart , both of which were set up by good field position following short punts by the Cavaliers .
Miles Morris connected with Lance Franklin , whose acrobatic catch in the end zone put the Trojans out front for good . Tattnall 's Destin Mack scored the second of a his three touchdowns for a 28-14 lead with 1:26 left in the half . That lead was more than enough for Tattnall to take the win on Friday and run its record to 6-0 and 2-0 in GHSA Region 7A-1A play .
Mount de Sales falls to 3-3 and 0-2 .
Five who mattered
Mack : He was solid all game long , finding creases in the Cavaliers ' defense to rush for 111 yards and three touchdowns .
Morris : He completed both of his passes , and the first was clutch as he connected with Franklin for what was the go-ahead touchdown .
Adrian Hardwick : Hardwick gave the Trojans ' defense fits for much of the first half , finding success running the ball outside . He finished with 72 yards , including a 10-yard run to tie the game in the second quarter .
Josiah Cotton : Cotton got Mount de Sales on the scoreboard early , taking a well-timed pitch 12 yards to tie the game at 7 in the first quarter , and he finished with 41 yards .
Jamal Marshall : His hard running prevented Mount de Sales from focusing on stopping just one player . Marshall 's night included 47 rushing yards and the game 's final touchdown in the third quarter from 2 yards out .
Observations
Making them earn it : Mount de Sales sent an early message that it would not give up touchdowns easily to Tattnall . After the Trojans quickly drove downfield into the red zone , Tattnall was pushed to fourth down before Mack got the game 's first score .
Taking advantage : Mount de Sales played mostly mistake-free football until the final few minutes of the first half , and the result was a tie game . But the Trojans were served up chances to snatch momentum by way to two short punts by Mount de Sales . And take advantage they did , getting touchdowns off of both .
They said it
Tattnall Square head coach Chance Jones on the Trojans strong play on both sides of the ball : “ Our offense played well in the first half aside from one drive . Our defense , they bent a little , but they did n't break and came out in the second half and really did the same thing and kept them out of the end zone . ”
Mount de Sales head coach Keith Hatcher on the loss : “ We knew they were really good offensively and that we had to control the ball to be able to keep them off the field . We were able to do that early , but we just made too many mistakes . We 're playing undisciplined football right now and just making too many mistakes and having too many penalties and mistakes , and it showed as the second and third quarter unfolded . ”
What 's next ?
Mount de Sales hosts Wilkinson County on Friday , while Tattnall travels to Twiggs County .
Ballymena United skipper Jim Ervin is grateful to have an early chance to ‘ put things right ' when the Sky Blues resume their Danske Bank Premiership campaign away to Carrick Rangers tomorrow night . ( K.O 7.45 p.m . )
After a disastrous opening day 4-1 loss to Crusaders at the Showgrounds on Friday night , Ervin took some solace from the quick turnaround in fixtures .
However , he 's expecting another tough contest against David McAlinden 's men at Taylor 's Avenue as both sides look to get their first points on the board .
A 6-0 drubbing at the hands of Crusaders last season did n't stop the Sky Blues secure a lofty fourth-place finish so the defender is n't too downhearted about Friday night 's reversal .
“ We did n't get too down on ourselves last year after that result , ” said the Ballymena captain . “ It was the first game of the season and there are 38 games to be played . It 's a long , long season and there 'll be a lot of twists and turns between now and next April .
“ The plus side for us is that Tuesday night comes around very quick . We 're not having to wait a week to get another game .
“ We 'll dust ourselves down and get ourselves prepared for Tuesday night . It 's going to be another tough game but there 's no easy games in this league , especially the first series of fixtures until you start finding out what teams are about this year .
“ But we 'll be looking forward to going to Taylor 's Avenue and try and put things right . I know their manager Davy McAlinden very well . He was at our game on Friday night and he 'll have his side well drilled . We 'll expect a really tough game .
“ We 've started with Crusaders and have Carrick , Glenavon and Linfield after that so the first four fixtures are not easy . If you do n't have your head right and approach it in the right way then you end up with egg of your face . David ( Jeffrey ) wo n't let us lose our focus and we 'll take one game at a time . ”
FORT WAYNE , Ind . ( AP ) - Bryson Scott scored 25 points and John Konchar added 18 and Fort Wayne defeated Denver 91-63 on Saturday .
Scott and Konchar combined to shoot 18 of 27 from the field and Fort Wayne ( 16-10 , 5-4 Summit League ) finished 34 of 65 ( 52.3 percent ) from the field .
The Mastadons built an early lead with a 9-0 run when Denver went scoreless for almost six minutes and led 20-7 . The Pioneers responded with their own 14-7 run with Jake Pemberton making a pair of jump shots and a layup to close within six with 5:49 before halftime . Xzavier Taylor made a layup and Scott a 3-pointer and Fort Wayne closed the half with a 15-8 spurt and Denver trailed by double figures the rest of the way .
Scott started the second half with a 3 for a 45-29 lead and Denver ( 10-13 , 4-5 ) never got closer than 15 the rest of the way . Kason Harrell made four 3s and scored 14 points .
Pemberton scored 12 and Ade Murkey and Joe Rosga each scored 10 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Today was the actual last day of Missouri 's 2018 legislative session , as the heads of the House and Senate each placed their signatures on every bill that 's headed to the governor 's office .
But it 's unknown which governor will be signing them .
Soon-to-be-departed Eric Greitens will still be in office when many of those bills arrive , and there 's speculation he may choose to veto those sponsored by lawmakers who called for his resignation . House Speaker Todd Richardson , R-Poplar Bluff , said he 's not worried about it .
“ The [ state ] Constitution says we 've got to sign them by the end of this month , ” he told reporters Wednesday . “ You guys [ have ] got a calendar , you know when that calendar expires – the president pro-tem and I will sign those bills , and they will be transmitted to the governor 's office . ”
If there are any so-called 9th-inning vetoes , lawmakers have the option of overriding them in September , although each override requires a two-thirds vote .
A spokesman for Greitens has not yet responded on whether he 'll sign or veto any bills before leaving office on Friday .
Meanwhile , Richardson , along with Senate President Pro-tem Ron Richard , R-Joplin , and Sen. Mike Kehoe , R-Jefferson City , met privately with Lt. Gov . Mike Parson as part of a joint effort to help with the transition of power . They also discussed plans to invite Parson to deliver a joint address to the legislature in the next week or two .
“ The [ lieutenant ] governor and I have served a number of years together and we share the same beliefs on job creation and training , ” Richard said . “ It 's not a happy time – it 's a time that we just need to move on , and we 're gon na try to help make that as easy as we can . ”
Neither Richard , Kehoe , nor Richardson gave a tentative date while talking to reporters Wednesday morning . But later in the day following a caucus meeting of House Republicans , Speaker Pro-tem Elijah Haahr of Springfield said it 'll likely occur on June 11 .
“ We will probably vote on that day to [ adjourn ] sine die the special session , ” he said .
Rep. Greg Razer , D-Kansas City , a member of the House committee that 's investigating Greitens , has the following advice for Parson :
“ Be open , be available , be partners with the legislative branch , which I think he will be , having served in this building for so long , ” he told reporters Wednesday . “ Be partners with the press – you all are n't the enemy , you 're part of how this republic works – I hope that he 'll live up to those standards , and I have no reason to believe he wo n't . ”
Parson 's spokeswoman , Kelli Jones , said details of the swearing-in ceremony will be finalized Thursday during a meeting with the State Emergency Management Agency .
Follow Marshall on Twitter : @ MarshallGReport
A common backyard mosquito can be infected with the Zika virus and it may pass the virus along in its eggs , researchers reported Friday .
The findings add to worries that the Asian tiger mosquito , scientifically known as Aedes albopictus , could help spread the virus as mosquito season hits temperate regions of the world .
Estimated range of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in the United States , 2016 . CDC
The study , published in the Journal of Medical Entomology , does n't prove that tiger mosquitoes can spread Zika , which causes severe birth defects . But it adds to evidence that they might .
Chelsea Smartt of the Florida Medical Entomology Laboratory and the University of Florida and colleagues hatched eggs from Aedes albopictus mosquitoes gathered during a 2015 outbreak of Zika in Brazil . When they ground up the mosquitoes that grew from those eggs — male and female — they found genetic pieces of Zika .
`` Our results mean that Aedes albopictus may have a role in Zika virus transmission and should be of concern to public health , '' Smartt said in a statement .
`` This mosquito is found worldwide , has a wide range of hosts and has adapted to colder climates . ''
Related : New maps show where Zika mosquitoes live in US
The main carrier of Zika is Aedes aegypti , or the yellow fever mosquito . It needs warm , tropical climates to thrive .
Aedes albopictus , easily identified by its stripey white legs and daytime biting habits , arrived in Texas in 1985 . It 's much more tolerant of cold temperatures , thrives more in the suburbs than in the cities and now lives in 40 U.S. states .
So far , home-grown Zika has only been found in the U.S. in two places - south Florida and south Texas . But travelers infected with Zika have been diagnosed all across the country .
Related : Zika Mosquitoes Can Infect Their Eggs
It takes people plus mosquitoes to spread a virus like Zika . The mosquitoes bite actively infected people , incubate the virus for a while , and then bite other people to spread it .
“ This mosquito is found worldwide , has a wide range of hosts and has adapted to colder climates . ”
Mosquitoes do n't go far , so outbreaks die out unless many people become infected and keep spreading it back to mosquitoes . Sometimes an animal can act as a reservoir — birds can keep West Nile Virus spreading , for instance .
Related : New Study Shows 10 Percent of Pregnancies Affected if Zika Hits
Now the question is how well the virus lives in the bodies of the Asian tiger mosquito . Simply finding a virus in a mosquito does not necessarily mean the mosquito spreads the virus . The virus must replicate in the insect 's salivary glands to be transmitted in a bite .
`` The fact that you find it in Aedes albopictus is not surprising , '' said Dr. Peter Hotez , dean of the School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine .
`` The question is how important it is for transmission . ''
More study is needed , the University of Florida team said .
`` The detection of Zika virus RNA from five adult Ae . albopictus reared from eggs collected during the 2015 outbreak in Camaçari , Bahia , Brazil , is consistent with the potential for vertical or sexual transmission of Zika virus by Ae . albopictus ; however , evidence supporting this was not conclusive , '' they wrote .
But related viruses , including dengue , yellow fever , West Nile , Japanese encephalitis , and St. Louis encephalitis viruses , have been spread from parents to eggs in several species of mosquitoes .
Notches ? Next . Edge to edge ? Seen it all before . Facial scanning ? Borrrring . No , what smartphones really need is RGB lighting . Nubia 's gaming-focused Red Magic phone sports a glowing LED strip on its back , the output of which you can customise to ‘ mimic your gaming persona ' . Built for serious on-the-go Fortnite , it has a sizeable 3,800mAh battery , 8GB of RAM and a triple-vented graphite heat sink to ensure your hands do n't get a singeing . With its black and red colour scheme and hexagonal camera , everything about this thing unashamedly screams GAMER . Under the hood is a slightly outdated Snapdragon 835 , and it somewhat disappointingly it runs on Android 8.1 rather than actual magic . China pre-orders open on April 25 , while there 's an Indiegogo campaign launching a day later , where it 's expected that the Red Magic will cost roughly $ 400 .
Feb 2 , 2018
Over the next 50 years or so , as AI and machine learning become more powerful , human labor will be cannibalized by technologies that outperform people in nearly every job function . How should higher education prepare students for this eventuality ?
BISHKEK – I was recently offered the presidency of a university in Kazakhstan that focuses primarily on business , economics , and law , and that teaches these subjects in a narrow , albeit intellectually rigorous , way . I am considering the job , but I have a few conditions .
The Year Ahead 2018 The world 's leading thinkers and policymakers examine what 's come apart in the past year , and anticipate what will define the year ahead . Order now
What I have proposed is to transform the university into an institution where students continue to concentrate in these three disciplines , but must also complete a rigorous “ core curriculum ” in the humanities , social sciences , and natural sciences – including computer science and statistics . Students would also need to choose a minor in one of the humanities or social sciences .
There are many reasons for insisting on this transformation , but the most compelling one , from my perspective , is the need to prepare future graduates for a world in which artificial intelligence and AI-assisted technology plays an increasingly dominant role . To succeed in the workplace of tomorrow , students will need new skills .
Over the next 50 years or so , as AI and machine learning become more powerful , human labor will be cannibalized by technologies that outperform people in nearly every job function . Higher education must prepare students for this eventuality . Assuming AI will transform the future of work in our students ' lifetime , educators must consider what skills graduate will need when humans can no longer compete with robots .
It is not hard to predict that rote tasks will disappear first . This transition is already occurring in some rich countries , but will take longer in places like Kazakhstan . Once this trend picks up pace , however , populations will adjust accordingly . For centuries , communities grew as economic opportunities expanded ; for example , farmers had bigger families as demand for products increased , requiring more labor to deliver goods to consumers .
But the world 's current population is unsustainable . As AI moves deeper into the workplace , jobs will disappear , employment will decline , and populations will shrink accordingly . That is good in principle – the planet is already bursting at the seams – but it will be difficult to manage in the short term , as the pace of population decline will not compensate for job losses amid the robot revolution .
FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images Post-Davos Depression Feb 1 , 2018 is appalled by the behavior of the CEOs who attended the World Economic Forum 's flagship meeting last week . Chesnot/Getty Images The Bitcoin Threat Feb 2 , 2018 thinks cryptocurrencies , like their predecessors , will be a key factor driving political destabilization . YURI KOCHETKOV/AFP/Getty Images The Point of Sharp Power Feb 1 , 2018 says the term “ soft power ” fails to capture how authoritarian regimes are exercising global influence . Previous Next
For this reason , the next generation of human labor – today 's university students – requires specialized training to thrive . At the same time , and perhaps more than ever before , they need the kind of education that allows them to think broadly and to make unusual and unexpected connections across many fields .
Clearly , tomorrow 's leaders will need an intimate familiarity with computers – from basic programming to neural networks – to understand how machines controlling productivity and analytic processes function . But graduates will also need experience in psychology , if only to grasp how a computer 's “ brain ” differs from their own . And workers of the future will require training in ethics , to help them navigate a world in which the value of human beings can no longer be taken for granted .
Educators preparing students for this future must start now . Business majors should study economic and political history to avoid becoming blind determinists . Economists must learn from engineering students , as it will be engineers building the future workforce . And law students should focus on the intersection of big data and human rights , so that they gain the insight that will be needed to defend people from forces that may seek to turn individuals into disposable parts .
Even students studying creative and leisure disciplines must learn differently . For one thing , in an AI-dominated world , people will need help managing their extra time . We wo n't stop playing tennis just because robots start winning Wimbledon ; but new organizational and communication skills will be required to help navigate changes in how humans create and play . Managing these industries will take new skills tailored to a full AI world .
The future of work may look nothing like the scenarios I envision , or it may be far more disruptive ; no one really knows . But higher education has a responsibility to prepare students for every possible scenario – even those that today appear to be barely plausible . The best strategy for educators in any field , and at any time , is to teach skills that make humans human , rather than training students to outcompete new technologies .
No matter where I work in education , preparing young people for their futures will always be my job . And today , that future looks to be dominated by machines . To succeed , educators – and the universities we inhabit – must evolve .
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama 's health care law , but the Affordable Care Act survived . Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season , with a crush of customers expected this week .
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday .
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enrol in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website . Consumer interest has remained brisk , even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half , reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days .
“ It 's more likely than ever that they 're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that 's when everybody is going to show up , ” said Tim Jost , a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA .
Heavy traffic could slow the website , and lead to long hold times at the federal call centre . For the vast majority , this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018 , or switch from an existing plan . One exception : People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call centre . That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida .
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year , but it 's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA 's marketplaces . The markets cater to people who do n't have access to a job-based plan , and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year .
In a twist , many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018 . Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply , so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay . In many communities , bare-bones “ bronze ” plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies .
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now , insurers say . Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption .
Nonetheless , administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week . That 's a contrast from the Obama years .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , which also administers the ACA , did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time . That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enrol .
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget , HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible . Examples :
— “ Do n't forget : Friday , December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan . ”
— “ FINAL DEADLINE : Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage . ”
— “ Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage . ”
During the Obama years , officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline , but were unable to finish . It 's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions , or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour . Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enrol .
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake , said Andy Slavitt , who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama .
“ It really would not be fair to people , particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year , ” Slavitt said .
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov , that 's not the case in all parts of the country . Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enrol . In California and New York , for instance , the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31 . Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January .
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right . Otherwise , it reinforces the Democrats ' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law .
“ Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence , ” said Antos . “ Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week . If he were to tweet at all , I would suggest : ‘ Be sure to check your plan. ” ‘
DRAW REVIEW : HC Lokomotiva Zagreb will host the first leg of the Women 's Challenge Cup Final on 6/7 May .
Finals ' first leg on home ground go to HC Lokomotiva Zagreb
The home rights for the Women 's Challenge Cup Final between HC Lokomotiva Zagreb and H 65 Höörs HK were determined in the EHF Office in Vienna on Tuesday 18 April .
On 6/7 May HC Lokomotiva Zagreb will host the first leg against the Swedish team , while H 65 Höörs HK will play the return leg in front of the home crowd just one week later .
The playing times will be announced soon .
TEXT :
`` The Hunger Games — Mockingjay , '' `` Mission : Impossible 6 , '' `` Jackie , '' `` Despicable Me '' and the next `` Fantastic Beasts '' movie appear to be about as Hollywood as it gets . But French flair is at the heart of them all .
Tax rebates , stunning architecture , local expertise and `` savoir-faire '' are attracting a growing number of filmmakers to Paris .
The `` City of Love '' served as a movie backdrop for 4,500 shooting days last year , a 43 percent increase on 2016 , while the overall number of films shot in Paris in 2017 surpassed the 1,000 mark for the first time , jumping by 23 percent .
Actor Tom Cruise rides a motorcycle on the set of `` Mission : Impossible 6 '' in Paris on April 30 , 2017 . Mehdi Taamallah / NurPhoto via Getty Images file
A tax-relief system introduced in 2009 , and then boosted in 2016 , has been a big factor . The program allows foreign filmmakers to reclaim up to 30 percent of production costs incurred in France .
“ That has had a significant effect on the amount of foreign productions coming to France , ” said John Bernard , a producer whose company Peninsula Film worked on the third and fourth installments of `` The Hunger Games '' series as well as the upcoming `` Fifty Shades Freed . '' ( NBC News is a sister company of Universal Pictures , which is behind movies including `` Despicable Me '' and `` Fifty Shades Freed . '' )
Foreign investment in France 's movie industry more than doubled to 139 million euros ( $ 173 million ) in 2016 — from just 57 million euros ( $ 71 million ) the previous year .
But the tax situation is only part of the equation .
“ Paris is a very film-friendly city , ” said Valérie Lépine-Karnik , the chief executive of the national film commission .
She highlighted how accommodating the French capital had been for the production of the series finale of Netflix 's `` Sense8 '' TV series and `` Mission : Impossible 6 . `` Both are due to be released this year .
For `` Sense8 , '' permission was granted for a massive fireworks display at the Eiffel Tower .
And despite the country being on high alert due to terrorist threats and the run-up to last year 's presidential election , entire areas of Paris were blocked off for the sake of Tom Cruise 's next `` Mission : Impossible '' film .
“ There 's a beautiful scene that we would n't have been able to shoot without the support of the air force , ” added Raphael Benoliel , the owner of Firstep , a French production company that worked on the movie .
Benoliel said that the level of talent available in France also made the country attractive .
`` The major difference that foreign directors have pointed out to me is that in France , cinema is not just an industry , it 's above all art , '' he told NBC News . `` So technicians see their work as a passion , an art form , and you can feel it in their work . ”
With around 5,000 crew members hired locally to work on `` Mission : Impossible 6 , '' officials estimate the film had an economic impact of around 25 million euros ( $ 35 million ) over a seven-week period .
However , there are challenges associated with France 's film industry — including more stringent labor laws than in some other places .
“ Here , a 12-hour work day is the absolute limit and you even need special paperwork , '' Benoliel said , adding that in countries like Britain , `` a 12-hour work day is the norm . ''
But Lépine-Karnik said such issues were unlikely to keep filmmakers from embracing the city .
“ Paris will always be Paris , '' she said .
Heisman Trophy-winning NFL castoff Johnny Manziel is expected to make his CFL debut Friday night in the Hamilton Tiger-Cats ' preseason opener , coach June Jones said Monday .
Based on the progress he has made since signing May 19 , Manziel will be second in line for reps Friday following starting QB Jeremiah Masoli against the Toronto Argonauts in Hamilton , Jones said after a practice in hot , humid conditions .
“ He 's starting to ask the right questions and he 's seeing the right things , ” Jones said ( via CFL.ca ) . “ He 's getting a lot of reps both out here and in the virtual reality part of it . He 's staying plugged in , he 's going to be OK . ”
Monday 's news came a day after 3 Down Nation reported that Vernon Adams Jr. , also battling to be Masoli 's top backup , was sidelined with an injury , clearing the way for Manziel to at least get more practice reps .
According to CFL.ca , it already was presumed that Manziel would play Friday , but depending on Adams ' status , Manziel may see even more time .
“ I do n't want to put him in the game and have him not know exactly where everybody 's going to be , and that comes from repetition , ” Jones said . “ He 's not all the way caught up where Jeremiah is . ''
MORE : Johnny Manziel to ride Tiger-Cats bench in CFL
However , Masoli 's time on the field in Friday 's game is expected to be brief .
Manziel , 25 , signed with the Tiger-Cats after nearly a year of speculation . The former Heisman Trophy winner at Texas A & M was a first-round pick by the NFL 's Browns , with whom he washed out after two roller-coaster seasons in 2014 and '15 .
A giant space rock is heading toward Earth , but there 's no cause for alarm .
Calculations show there 's no chance that the three-mile-wide object — a “ potentially hazardous asteroid ” known as 3200 Phaethon — will hit Earth . Instead , NASA says , it will whiz harmlessly past our planet , coming as close as 10.3 million kilometers ( 6.4 million miles ) on Dec. 16 , 2017 .
This will be the closest 3200 Phaethon has come since 1974 . The space rock has a highly elliptical orbit around the sun , and it wo n't come this close again until 2093 .
Phaethon 's orbit Sky and Telescope Magazine
In the world of astronomy , 6.4 million miles is pretty close . And it raises the question : How likely is it that some big , scary asteroid out there is on a collision course with our planet ? The answer , astronomers say , is not very — at least during our lifetimes .
“ There are no objects that have been identified that are known to be on a collision course with Earth , ” Dr. Amy Mainzer , an astronomer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California and a noted expert on asteroids , told NBC News MACH in an email .
She said astronomers had found “ most of the really big near-Earth asteroids ” — objects bigger than 1 kilometer in diameter . All were determined not to pose a collision threat .
But “ most ” is n't all . Mainzer 's colleague Dr. Paul Chodas , manager of the Center for Near Earth Object Studies at JPL , told MACH in an email that asteroid hunters think they 've found about 95 percent of the big ones .
But `` down at the 140-meter size , which is our next threshold of interest , we have yet to find even half of them , ” Chodas said . “ And the percentage of the [ asteroid ] population we 've found goes down exponentially as we go to smaller and smaller sizes , down to 100 meters , 80 meters , 50 meters , etc . ”
These smaller meteors can cause significant damage . The 20-meter-wide asteroid that slammed into Chelyabinsk , Russia in 2013 , for example , shattered windows and injured more than 1,000 people .
And bad as that was , it 's nothing compared to the damage that would be caused by the impact of an asteroid the size of 3200 Phaethon
If a space rock that big were to smash into Earth , the online Impact Earth asteroid damage calculator indicates that — depending upon factors including its speed and angle of impact — it could create a crater 65 kilometers ( 40 miles ) wide and 1 kilometer ( 0.6 mile ) deep .
Despite the attacks on Lumad schools , there are dedicated teachers who choose to continue their work for Lumad children . They have also become the target of the attacks as there are trumped up charges against these teachers and some are even languishing in jail .
The attacks have continued and intensified since martial law was declared in Mindanao . On World Teachers ' Day , Oct. 5 , Aubrey Masalon , teacher-in-charge of the Center for Lumad Advocacy and Services Inc. ( Clans ) , her husband Nestor Masalon and four other community leaders were held by the 73rd Infantry Battalion . As of this writing , the Save Our Schools ( SOS ) Network said they have not yet contacted the teachers . A quick reaction team was already dispatched to the area .
Two teachers interviewed by Bulatlat shared joys , inspiration , and overcoming anxieties as they help the Lumad children with their education , which they were deprived of for so long .
Finding contentment in teaching the Lumad
Geming Andrea A. Alonzo , 32 , was a city girl who grew up in the capital region . She could have opted to work in the city , but instead , she chose to teach in a Lumad school in a remote mountainous village in Mindanao , which can only be reached after hours of trekking . ( Click here to read the whole story )
Nursing student becomes Lumad educator
Because of the tradition of the Manobos , Michael Sumbian , 30 , chose to be a teacher to his fellow Lumad in Agusan Del Sur . While still a nursing student , his elders told him that a Lumad should give back to his tribe after finishing studies . ( Click here to read the whole story )
Read also :
Ronnie Garcia | Mansaka educator dedicated life for fellow Lumad
September came with sadness for the Lumad of Davao del Norte , as they mourned the death of their classmate , Obello Bay-ao , who was killed last Sept. 5 , but also the unexpected passing of a dear friend and teacher , Ronnie Garcia .
Teacher Miguel , helping Lumad children fulfill their dreams
The 24-year-old teacher came from Arakan Valley , North Cotabato . After graduating from college and passing the licensure examinations for teachers , he left behind his parents and seven siblings and traversed five mountains to teach at STTICLCI .
From Diliman to Lianga | UP grads teach , serve the Lumad
Driven by the call to serve the people , three young graduates of the University of the Philippines ( UP ) took that risk and left everything they were used to , everything familiar , to teach and help defend the Lumad community .
Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives , Lasun Yusuf , has chided chieftains of the ruling All Progressives Congress ( APC ) allegedly planning to form a mega party . He said the alleged plan reportedly in conjunction with members of other political parties showed desperation and selfishness . Yusuf told newsmen in Ilorin that leaving the APC was not [ … ]
Go to B96 on Instagram and find the “ In Real Life ” post . Follow our Insta page ( B96Chicago ) , like the photo and tag a friend or family member in the comments section to be entered to win a pair of passes to see In Real Life at B96 on Wednesday ( 10/11 ) !
The contest begins Friday , October 6th at 6pm and will be open for entries until Tuesday at 10am . Twenty winners ( 20 ) will be selected at random from all eligible entries . Must be 14 or older to enter .
Official B96 In Real Life Instagram Tag a Friend Rules
Mayor Vi Lyles gives remarks after being sworn-in at the Oath of Office Ceremony in Charlotte on Monday , December 4 , 2017 . Joshua Komer
One person was shot near Norton Hospital on Monday night . ( Source : Miles Jackson/WAVE 3 News )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - A shooting has been reported outside a local hospital .
Few details were immediately available , but MetroSafe confirmed the call came in at 9:02 p.m. that the shooting took place just outside Norton Hospital in the 200 block of East Chestnut Street in downtown Louisville .
WAVE 3 News has a crew en route to the scene .
Please refresh this WAVE3.com page for updates to this developing story .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Volkswagen Group Chief Digital Officer Johann Jungwirth sits inside a Volkswagen Sedric , a self-driving concept pod , while introducing the vehicle ahead of the Auto China 2018 at the Volkswagen Future Center Asia office in Beijing , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . Auto China 2018 , the global industry 's biggest sales event , will start on Wednesday . Andy Wong AP Photo
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat , joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
Roger Federer may yet extend his break from competitive action and skip the French Open if he feels he is not `` really fired up '' to compete at Roland Garros .
The Swiss great has enjoyed a remarkable resurgence following an injury-plagued 2016 , winning the Australian Open in January before triumphing at Masters 1000 events in Indian Wells and Miami .
Following his Miami Open success last month , Federer announced his intention to miss the bulk of the clay-court season - in a bid to limit the risk of further injury setbacks - before returning at Roland Garros in late May .
However , the 35-year-old has said it is not certain he will play in an event that has provided him with just one of his 18 grand slam titles to date .
`` I do n't think I will skip it , but I will have to see how I feel when I get on the clay , how my mood is then , '' Federer told CNN Sport .
`` If I feel like I 'm not 100 per cent in it , that I 'm [ not ] really fired up and believe that something 's possible , then it is better to skip it .
`` But then I think maybe the break is a long one again . It will be 10 weeks until the grass , that could be a bit long . I think I will play the French . ''
Federer 's sole French Open triumph came in 2009 , although he has been a beaten finalist at Roland Garros on four occasions .
In news that will make our Editor want to throw a big lavish party , it 's been announced that the controversial London Garden Bridge is dead .
The Garden Bridge Trust , the charity designed to build and run the proposed garden bridge , has informed the Mayor of London , Transport for London , and the Department of Transport of its decision to shut down the project . The latter two had both allocated funds for the project , but according to the Trust the lack of support from Mayor Sadiq Khan is the primary reason why the project has been shelved .
Khan wrote to Lord Mervyn Davies , Chairman of the Garden Bridge Trust , in April , stating that he was not prepared to guarantee the bridge 's annual maintenance costs - which planning permission had relied on . Despite having discussed receiving the guarantee from another potential benefactor , the trustees decided that they could n't go ahead with a big public project that did n't have the mayor 's backing .
The Garden Bridge has been controversial since its inception , even though it had Gurkha-rights campaigner Joanna Lumley behind it . Khan himself does n't seem to have ever been that fond of the project , or at least the fact that it relied on public money , and put a halt to preliminary structural planning works last year . The London Mayor even launched a formal inquiry , which determined that the project should be cancelled outright because ballooning costs meant it was n't value for money . This probably was n't a surprise to most , since it had already been predicted to go way over its initial £60 million budget .
Maybe a similar bridge will prove to be more popular somewhere else on the Thames . After all , central London already has more than enough bridges . [ Garden Bridge Trust ]
More Architecture Posts :
COLUMBUS , Ohio — Ohio State head coach Chris Holtmann sat his leading scorer less than five minutes into the game . It was a message that the Buckeyes had to play better defensively .
Keita Bates-Diop returned to the game two minutes later and went on to score a career-high 27 points to lead Ohio State to a 97-62 blowout victory against William & Mary on Saturday .
“ I just wanted to see him improve his effort a little bit , ” Holtmann said . “ I was ready to put him back in the game , I just wanted to see a little bit more stuff for him . ”
Bates-Diop shot 11 of 16 from the field and scored all his points after his brief moment next to Holtmann on the bench .
“ I think it kind of just helped because it reset my mind , ” Bates-Diop said . “ I obviously was n't ready to play in those first few minutes so then him taking me out reset my mind , got back in and I was ready to play . ”
David Cohn and Nathan Knight led the way for the Tribe ( 6-3 ) with 15 and 13 points , respectively .
Freshman Kaleb Wesson scored 17 points and grabbed seven rebounds , and C.J . Jackson added 16 with six assists for the Buckeyes .
The Buckeyes ( 8-3 ) shot 65 per cent from the field and made 11-of-21 3-point shots while dishing out a season-high 19 assists . Ohio State made 10 straight shots early in the second half and went on a 16-0 run to lead by 40 with four minutes remaining .
On the other side , William & Mary entered the game eighth in adjusted offensive efficiency and third in team 3-point makes per game . The Tribe shot 5 of 16 from 3 on Saturday .
“ I thought they were terrific defensively , ” head coach Tony Shaver said . “ I thought they prepared well for us and defensively , just really , really impressed . To beat a team like that , we have to rebound the ball and we could n't hold our own inside , and we have to shoot it well . And we did n't do either one of those two , really . ”
Knight entered the game averaging 20.3 points and 8.6 rebounds per game . With the Tribe trailing 28-22 , Knight caught a pass off a pick-and-roll and attacked the basket , but Ohio State forward Musa Jallow drew a charge . The next possession , Knight fouled Bates-Diop and went to the bench for the final 7:49 of the half with three fouls .
From that moment on , Ohio State attacked the paint and outscored William & Mary 20-10 the rest of the half . Andre Wesson 's 3 with 12:05 showing on the first-half clock gave the Buckeyes a 22-20 lead and began a 27-4 run through the next 11 minutes .
“ We obviously do n't have much depth inside and we knew that coming in , ” Shaver said . “ Obviously that changed the complexion a great deal . ”
BIG PICTURE :
Ohio State : The Buckeyes offence took advantage of a defence that ranks 316th in adjusted defensive efficiency . However , Bates-Diop turned in another impressive performance for he remains the Buckeyes ' best scoring option .
William & Mary : The Tribe continues to struggle defending the 3-point line , ranking 233rd in the nation in 3-point field goal defence . The team has less than two weeks before play at No . 20 TCU .
TIP-INS :
Ohio State forward Kyle Young sat out Saturday 's game with a sprained ankle . Holtmann said he will probably be available for the Buckeyes ' next game next Saturday . William & Mary guards Matt Milon and Connor Burchfield are two of the Tribe 's top sharpshooters . Ohio State held Milon to zero points and limited Burchfield to four in the second half after eight in the first half .
HE SAID IT :
Tony Shaver provided a candid opening statement that summed up the game from his perspective . “ We got whipped . What else can you say ? We got humbled by a team that is much , much better than we are . ”
UP NEXT :
Ohio State hosts Appalachian State at 6 p.m. next Saturday .
William & Mary returns home to play Milligan College next Sunday .
Get ready for the second annual Headless Bicyclist Bike Ride coming up this Saturday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at CiCo Park .
This is a family-friendly 6 mile bicycle rides where you can either race your friends or enjoy a nice bike ride . Several local vendors will be on hand including the farmer 's market , Brew Bros , and Pathfinder , with free face painting and spooky story time . There will also be a trunk-or-treat and a costume contest for all ages .
Proceeds will go to enhance the Green Apple Bikes program .
Sign up now here !
Howard E. Halvorsen
Air Force Sustainment Center Historian
William Lendrum “ Billy ” Mitchell ( Dec. 28 , 1879–Feb . 19 , 1936 ) was a United States Army general who is regarded as the father of the United States Air Force . He is also one of the most controversial figures in American airpower history whose famous court-martial began on Oct. 25 , 1925 .
He first enlisted as a private during the Spanish-American War . Later , he gained a commission and joined the Signal Corps . Records show him to have been an outstanding junior officer who became excited about aviation , which was then assigned to the Signal Corps . Thus , in 1916 at age 38 , he took private flying lessons .
Mitchell served in France during World War I and , by conflict 's end , commanded all American air combat units in that country . Recognized as the top American combat airman of the war ( he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the Distinguished Service Medal , and several foreign decorations ) , Mitchell nevertheless managed to alienate himself from most of his superiors — both flying and non-flying — during his 18 months in France . After the war , he was appointed deputy director of the Air Service , retaining his one-star rank and began advocating for increased investment in air power , believing it would prove vital in future wars .
His relations with superiors continued to sour as he began to attack both the War and Navy Departments for being insufficiently farsighted regarding airpower . His fight with the Navy climaxed with the dramatic bombing tests of 1921 and 1923 that sank several battleships , proving the effectiveness of air power . Within the Army , he also experienced difficulties and in early 1925 he reverted to his permanent rank of colonel and was transferred to Texas . Although such demotions were not an unusual occurrence at the time , the move was nonetheless widely seen as punishment and exile .
Not content to remain quiet , when the Navy dirigible “ Shenandoah ” crashed in a storm and killed 14 of the crew , Mitchell issued his famous statement accusing senior leaders in the Army and Navy of incompetence and “ almost treasonable administration of the national defense. ” He was court-martialed , found guilty of insubordination and suspended from active duty for five years without pay . Mitchell elected to resign instead as of Feb. 1 , 1926 , and spent the next decade continuing to write and preach the gospel of airpower to all who would listen . Mitchell died of a variety of ailments , including a bad heart and influenza , in 1936 .
Among Mitchell 's published works were “ Our Air Force , the Keystone of National Defense , ” 1921 ; “ Winged Defense , ” 1925 ; and “ Skyways , a Book of Modern Aeronautics , ” 1930 . Subsequent events , including the Japanese air attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , proved the validity of many of his prophecies , and many of his ideas were adopted by the Army Air Force in World War II .
By Scott T. Sterling
When he 's not recording heartbreaking songs , Sam Smith can be pretty funny .
Related : Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘ The Thrill of It All '
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week 's episode of Saturday Night Live ( Oct. 7 ) , Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos .
In the first , Smith even gets to deliver the punchline , as he cheekily offers a personal makeup tip .
It 's Smith 's second time as the musical guest on SNL , following his debut in 2014 .
Watch the promos below .
Pep Guardiola says Manchester City are an `` honest team '' , hailing his side 's commitment to attacking football in Sunday 's 2-1 win over rivals United at Old Trafford .
City moved 11 points clear , leaving Old Trafford with a record-breaking 14th Premier League victory in a row in a single season thanks to goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi .
Ederson 's amazing double save preserved the three points for City , but Jose Mourinho 's focus was already on referee Michael Oliver 's decision to book Ander Herrera for diving when he went down under Otamendi 's challenge in the penalty area .
The decision was all the more notable given the Portuguese 's pre-match accusations that City themselves were guilty of simulation and Guardiola stood his ground after the match .
`` Last season it was the same , '' Guardiola told Sky Sports . `` We won here and the comments , it was the referee . Today the referee as well , so today he has spoken about the referee .
`` We are an honest team . We have the personality to have 60-65-70-80 per cent of the ball possession .
`` That means we want to play . We came here to play and that 's why I 'm so satisfied . ''
On Mourinho 's accusations , Guardiola snapped : `` That 's not true , that is untrue .
`` Sometimes they [ City 's players ] are quicker , they are faster . But that 's is not an argument I believe . ''
City had 14 shots to United 's eight . Asked if his side ought to have won by more , Guardiola said : `` Definitely .
`` That can happen but the way we played here is what I want . I 'm happy because this type of play we can do it in England .
`` People say the way we tried to play in Barcelona , in England it 's not possible . It 's possible .
`` Always it 's possible to play football , to try to keep the ball , to have courage . ''
A spokesman for FlightAware told NBC News that Southwest typically averages a few dozen cancellations on a normal day — making 128 above the average . There were no major weather events across the country on Monday morning apart from some heavy rains over the Southeast .
The emergency inspections come after passenger Jennifer Riordan died aboard a flight last Tuesday when she was partially sucked out of the plane following an engine explosion that shattered a window . The flight from New York was forced to make an emergency landing in Philadelphia .
Southwest said after the accident that all of the CFM56-7B engines on its Boeing 737 fleet will be reviewed within 30 days .
“ When we announced the accelerated engine fan blade inspection program on Tuesday night , we said there would be some impact on our operation , ” the airline said in its Sunday statement . “ We have minimized flight disruptions this past week through actions such as proactive aircraft routings to cover open trips , performing inspections overnight , and utilizing spare aircraft , when available . ”
The company said the cancellations were not because of a Friday directive by the Federal Aviation Administration and European airline regulators ordering emergency inspections for fan blades on certain CFM56-7B engines within 20 days for all airlines .
Related FAA will order engine inspections after deadly Southwest Airlines flight
The “ emergency airworthiness directive ” affects 352 engines in the U.S. and 681 engines worldwide , according to the FAA .
“ The cancellations are a result of our voluntary , accelerated engine fan blade inspection program announced on Tuesday night , ” the airline said .
Kentucky star wide out Charles Walker is turning some heads right now in fall camp .
`` Yea Charles has been a really good player for us , definitely has a big role with our team he plays special teams and he 's hard to cover . He makes competitive catches and he goes hard everyday so you have to love Charles and the way he competes , '' said Kentucky head coach Mark Stoops .
Charles , who started his career at UK as walk on , earned a scholarship right before his junior season and now has a chance to play a big role as one of the cats star receivers .
Charles Walker said , `` I was just talking to fellow Senior Ryan Kendall and he said can you imagine we 're finally seniors ! I guess you do n't really think about it until now but it really did , it went by in a blink ! ''
`` He 's gon na have a great year this year , he 's gon na help us in so many ways this year not just on the field but off the field . We got some young guys in the room , they need to see a guy like him everyday and I 'm excited about this year for him , '' said receiver head coach Lamar Thomas .
What makes Charles journey even more special is he left Saint Xavier in 2013 , primarily as a running back . From there he earned his teammates respect from day one when he quickly changed his role to special teams to earn more playing time . Now at 5'11 , Walker could be a big time playmaker in the SEC from the receiver position .
Fellow wide out Dorian Baker said , `` for what he 's been through being a walk on to earning a scholarship and then a starting job , that 's big ! You do n't really see that too often especially at a SEC school so I 'm just proud of Charles Walker . ''
Waterville residents are proud of their history .
Rob Black made an important donation to the the Waterville Historical Society to help preserve two historic buildings . Black is the owner of the both of the buildings .
The Waterville Gas Company called one of the buildings home from 1888 until 2009 . The natural gas boom played an important role in northwest Ohio 's history .
It resulted in economic growth and jobs for the area . The gas company , owned by the Black family , wants to see the building preserved .
“ That 's how Toledo glass companies got started . Those factories moved from the Northeast because there was a lot of natural gas here , '' Black said . `` We had businesses come here because of that . ''
Next door is the onetime home of Dr . Welcome Pray , the nephew of Waterville founder .
Dr. Pray lived at the home in the late 1800s . It is also believed the building is also where Dr. Pray practiced medicine .
Both buildings stood at a time when Waterville was renowned as a river , canal and railroad town .
“ Waterville is a very significant old town , second oldest platted town in Lucas County following Maumee , '' Jim Conrad of the Waterville Historical Society said ..
Both buildings will be restored and turned into museums featuring photos , documents and artifacts so future generations will never forget Waterville 's past .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
More Videos 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it 's funny to hear a `` female talk about routes '' Pause 1:22 Charlotte 's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith : Back to Basics 1:05 Panthers Rivera working to keep team focused in `` trying times '' 0:36 Panthers coach Ron Rivera responds to questions about Cam Newton 's sexist comments 3:46 Observer 's Jourdan Rodrigue answers fans ' questions about the Carolina Panthers 3:12 He said , she said : Will Panthers beat the Patriots ? Jourdan vs Joe 5:51 Wells Fargo CEO grilled by lawmakers on whether or not bank will use forced arbitration in the future 2:19 How to raise the profile of Charlotte 's black chefs ? 1:20 Panthers ' Cam Newton apologizes for `` degrading '' comments towards female reporter 2:29 Charlotte 's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith : Who They Are Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Gay teacher sues Charlotte Catholic and diocese Former teacher of year at Charlotte Catholic High , Lonnie Billard says he lost his last job as a substitute with the school after a 2014 Facebook post announcing his wedding plans to his longtime male partner . Former teacher of year at Charlotte Catholic High , Lonnie Billard says he lost his last job as a substitute with the school after a 2014 Facebook post announcing his wedding plans to his longtime male partner . ACLU
Former teacher of year at Charlotte Catholic High , Lonnie Billard says he lost his last job as a substitute with the school after a 2014 Facebook post announcing his wedding plans to his longtime male partner . ACLU
A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday 's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode , in Tempe , Ariz. , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed the woman in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle . Chris Carlson AP Photo
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. — The best formula for success against the New England Patriots is to keep Tom Brady on the sideline and harass him when he 's on the field .
That 's not a news flash . But the good news for Eagles fans and everyone roots against Brady , Bill Belichick and the Patriots in Sunday 's Super Bowl is that Philadelphia has the ingredients to do it .
The Eagles ( 15-3 ) have a multidimensional , ball-control offence capable of chewing the clock and forcing No . 12 to be a spectator .
Jay Ajayi , former Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount and Corey Clement led the NFL 's third-best rushing offence and the Eagles were first in time of possession .
“ You have to stay patient and diligent there , ” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said . “ That 's something we 've been able to do all season long . It 's something we stay committed to . ”
This is n't an old-school , ground-and-pound offence , either .
The Eagles have a versatile passing attack with several receivers who create matchup problems . Carson Wentz threw for 3,296 yards and 33 touchdown passes before he tore his ACL in Week 14 and Nick Foles has eight TD passes , including playoffs .
Foles proved in the NFC championship game he can make quick-strike plays with three passes of 40-plus yards against the league 's top-ranked defence . Two of those were TD tosses of 53 yards to Alshon Jeffery and 41 yards to Torrey Smith .
Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz and slot receiver Nelson Agholor are other options . Tight end Trey Burton , who also lines up at fullback in certain short-yardage situations , had five TD catches this season .
“ You ca n't just stop one guy , ” Patriots safety Devin McCourty said . “ You ca n't go out there and say , ‘ if we just limit Jeffery or if we just limit Ertz that wo n't matter . ' They have a lot of different guys out there that can beat you . ”
Foles has been adept at making the right calls on run-pass option plays , making it even more difficult for defences facing Philadelphia .
“ It 's hard because you have to defend every inch of the field , ” McCourty said . “ Each guy has to do their job on the play . We ca n't have guys doing things that do n't fit the defence . ”
On the opposite side of the ball , defensive co-ordinator Jim Schwartz has an aggressive unit . Nobody runs on Philadelphia 's defence . It was No . 1 against the run and did n't allow a 100-yard rusher until Ezekiel Elliott had 103 in Week 17 against backups and third-stringers .
The Patriots ( 15-3 ) rely mainly on Brady 's arm , even though Dion Lewis had 896 yards rushing and James White was a Super Bowl hero last year . But Brady ca n't throw if he does n't have time and the Eagles have a dominant front four led by Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham .
The line often generates enough pressure that Schwartz does n't have to blitz much and there 's enough depth with Chris Long , Vinny Curry , Tim Jernigan and Beau Allen that guys stay fresh in the fourth quarter .
Safety Malcolm Jenkins is a physical presence in the secondary and cornerbacks Ronald Darby and Jalen Mills are solid cover guys .
“ They have a great defence , ” Brady said . “ It 's as good any we 've faced all year . They have a great scheme that mixes in well with their coverages . ”
If the game comes down to a field goal , rookie kicker Jake Elliott has a strong leg . He kicked a 61-yarder at the end of regulation to beat the Giants in Week 3 and is 6 of 7 from beyond 50 yards .
The Eagles should n't be tight and they 're not intimidated by the Patriots . They 're a loose , relaxed group that has embraced their underdog role throughout the playoffs and overcame injuries to several key players .
“ Greatest quarterback of all time , but that does n't mean that he 's unbeatable , ” Jenkins said of Brady . “ We 're not worried . We match up well . ”
——
AP NFL website : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/AP–RobMaaddi
Share
Drones are fast becoming an invaluable tool for emergency response teams engaged in search and rescue operations . On the island of Hawaii , for example , the technology is being used right now to move people out of harm 's way as lava continues to pour from Kilauea volcano .
The U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) this week described how live-streamed video from one of its unmanned aerial vehicles helped guide emergency responders to a resident whose home looked to be on the verge of getting swallowed up by the lava flow . Live footage from the flying machine was then assessed by a remote team so that it could direct the rescue group along the safest escape route .
“ [ The drone ] helps prompt and guide evacuations and led to the successful rescue of a resident after a lava pond outbreak sent a very fast pahoehoe flow ” down one of the Big Island 's streets , the USGS said in a Twitter post on Wednesday .
Footage posted with the tweet ( below ) shows the actual video captured by the drone , which the rescue team was able to use in real-time as they tackled the hazardous conditions .
“ Follow the drone to safety. ” USGS UAS mission in Kīlauea volcano 's lower East Rift Zone on 5/27/18 helps guide evacuations and leads to the successful rescue of a resident after a lava pond outbreak sends a fast pāhoehoe flow down Luana Street . https : //t.co/S3nUtwYMdM pic.twitter.com/kpfjQI9pOX — USGS Volcanoes ( @ USGSVolcanoes ) May 30 , 2018
The situation on the ground looks precarious to say the least , and it 's safe to say the resident must have been feeling pretty terrified as the lava flow closed in . The live data from the drone allowed the rescue team to follow a safe path , and if you look carefully you can see their flashlights scanning the scene when they make it to the property . Once they reached the resident , the team was then guided to an available evacuation route , safely removing them from the danger area .
As Discover magazine points out , the recent rescue effort was prompted when a USGS drone flight spotted new , rapid lava flows from one of the volcano 's fissures . The situation became all the more urgent when it was apparent that vital escape routes looked as if they were about to be blocked .
Drone technology is clearly proving a real boon for volcanologist , as well as the emergency management teams that work with them . The remotely controlled flying machines offer a safe way to get up close to active volcanoes , providing geologists with up-to-the-minute data on the direction and extent of lava flows , and valuable information regarding developments on and around the volcano over a longer period of time .
When every second counts , real-time data is everything , and drones are proving to be an indispensable tool in the battle to protect lives on the Big Island as the lava continues to flow .
Why it matters to you Afraid of heights but love the scenery ? 'Climb ' Mount Everest 's summit from the relative safety of your own room .
Adventurous PC gamers wanting to scale Mount Everest but do n't have the resources and/or strength to reach its 29,029-foot peak can now reach its summit through the Oculus Rift in Everest VR . Developed specifically for VR by Solfar Studios , the first-person mountain climbing simulation first hit the HTC Vive in August , and is now offered on the Rift as well ( $ 15 ) now that the Touch controllers are on the market .
“ Experience Everest in five iconic scenes , ” the product listing states . “ Prepare for your expedition at Basecamp , traverse the terrifying Khumbu Icefalls , scale the vertiginous Lhotse Face to overnight at Camp 4 , ascend the perilous Hillary Step , and finally conquer the summit of Everest . ”
More : The Oculus Rift unofficially supports modern macOS machines via a new app
In addition to serving up Everest VR on the Oculus Rift , the studio is also releasing a huge , free update across all platforms . Most of the major changes will be experienced in God Mode , which can be accessed from the lobby . Here players can scale the scene to match the desired experience , whether it 's in a 1:1 confrontation with the bitter cold or becoming a mile-high giant to enjoy the scenery .
The update also inserts photographic material of the 1953 Hillary expedition provided by London 's Royal Geographical Society into the experience . These items will be made available in God Mode and scattered throughout the trip up to Mount Everest 's summit , placed at the actual points where the photographs were originally taken decades ago . There are also now 18 new pathways to the summit that are widely known as the best ways to reach the mountain peak .
For an even bigger and immersive thrill , the update now adds the ascent of Lhotse Face , a “ nearly ” vertical wall of ice rising 5,000 feet high between Camp 2 and Camp 4 . This icy wall requires a roped ascent spanning two phases broken up by spending the night in Camp 3 that 's located on the wall itself . Players will leave Camp 3 and make their journey to Camp 4 with a group of climbers moving in a single row .
“ We feel that with this addition , you now have a fairly accurate collection of all the key moments of climbing Everest , ” the studio states in a blog . “ If you´ve personally made Summit , do let us know whether we captured the most meaningful moments . If not , we think this is as close as most of us will get . ”
In addition to requiring the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift , here are the system requirements for Everest VR :
Minimum Maximum Operating system : Windows 7 SP1 Windows 10 Processor : Intel Core i5-4590 Intel Core i7-4790 Graphics card : Nvidia GeForce GTX 970
AMD Radeon RX 480 Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 Memory : 8GB 8GB Storage : 11GB 11GB
Note that the developer suggests installing the game on a solid-state drive for faster performance . Also , note that God Mode is n't available until players complete their first summit attempt . Everest VR can be purchased for the HTC Vive via Steam for $ 15 right here .
American officials say Israel 's air campaign has played a decisive role in enabling the Egyptian armed forces to gain an upper hand against the militants . But the Israeli role is having some unexpected consequences for the r egion , including on Middle East peace negotiations , in part by convincing senior Israeli officials that Egypt is now dependent on them even to control its own territory .
Seven current or former British and American officials involved in Middle East policy described the Israeli attacks inside Egypt , all speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss classified information .
Spokesmen for the Israeli and Egyptian militaries declined to comment , and so did a spokesman for the Egyptian foreign ministry .
Photo
Both neighbors have sought to conceal Israel 's role in the airstrikes for fear of a backlash inside Egypt , where government officials and the state-controlled media continue to discuss Israel as a nemesis and pledge fidelity to the Palestinian cause .
The Israeli drones are unmarked , and the Israeli jets and helicopters cover up their markings . Some fly circuitous routes to create the impression that they are based in the Egyptian mainland , according to American officials briefed on their operations .
In Israel , military censors restrict public reports of the airstrikes . It is unclear if any Israeli troops or special forces have set foot inside Egyptian borders , which would increase the risk of exposure .
Mr. Sisi has taken even more care , American officials say , to hide the origin of the strikes from all but a limited circle of military and intelligence officers . The Egyptian government has declared the North Sinai a closed military zone , barring journalists from gathering information there .
Photo
Behind the scenes , Egypt 's top generals have grown steadily closer to their Israeli counterparts since the signing of the Camp David accords 40 years ago , in 1978 . Egyptian security forces have helped Israel enforce restrictions on the flow of goods in and out of the Gaza Strip , the Palestinian territory bordering Egypt controlled by the militant group Hamas . And Egyptian and Israeli intelligence agencies have long shared information about militants on both sides of the border .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Israeli officials were concerned in 2012 when Egypt , after its Arab Spring revolt , elected a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood to the presidency . The new president , Mohamed Morsi , pledged to respect the Camp David agreements . But the Israelis worried about the Muslim Brotherhood 's ideological kinship with Hamas and its historic hostility to the Jewish state itself .
A year later , Mr. Sisi , then the defense minister , ousted Mr. Morsi in a military takeover . Israel welcomed the change in government , and urged Washington to accept it . That solidified the partnership between the generals on both sides of the border .
The North Sinai , a loosely governed region of mountainous desert between the Suez Canal and the Israeli border , became a refuge for Islamist militants in the decade before Mr. Sisi took power . The main jihadist organization , Ansar Beit al Maqdis — the Partisans of Jerusalem — had concentrated on attacking Israel , but after Mr. Sisi 's takeover it began leading a wave of deadly assaults against Egyptian security forces .
A few weeks after Mr. Sisi took power , in August 2013 , two mysterious explosions killed five suspected militants in a district of the North Sinai not far from the Israeli border . The Associated Press reported that unnamed Egyptian officials had said Israeli drones fired missiles that killed the militants , possibly because of Egyptian warnings of a planned cross-border attack on an Israeli airport . ( Israel had closed the airport the previous day . )
Mr. Sisi 's spokesman , Col. Ahmed Ali , denied it . “ There is no truth in form or in substance to the existence of any Israeli attacks inside Egyptian territory , ” he said in a statement at the time , promising an investigation . “ The claims of coordination between the Egyptian and Israeli sides in this matter are totally lacking in truth and go against sense and logic . ”
Photo
Israel declined to comment , and the episode was all but forgotten .
Two years later , however , Mr. Sisi was still struggling to defeat the militants , who by then had killed at least several hundred Egyptians soldiers and policemen .
In November , 2014 , Ansar Beit al Maqdis formally declared itself the Sinai Province branch of the Islamic State . On July 1 , 2015 , the militants briefly captured control of a North Sinai town , Sheikh Zuwaid , and retreated only after Egyptian jets and helicopters struck the town , state news agencies said . Then , at the end of October , the militants brought down the Russian charter jet , killing all 224 people on board .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
It was around the time of those ominous milestones , in late 2015 , that Israel began its wave of airstrikes , the American officials said , which they credit with killing a long roster of militant leaders .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Though equally brutal successors often stepped in to replace them , the militants appeared to adopt less ambitious goals . They no longer dared trying to close roads , set up checkpoints or claim territory . They moved into hitting softer targets like Christians in Sinai , churches in the Nile Valley or other Muslims they view as heretics . In November 2017 , the militants killed 311 worshipers at a Sufi mosque in the North Sinai .
By then , American officials say , the Israelis were complaining to Washington that the Egyptians were not holding up their end of the arrangement . Cairo , they said , had failed to follow the airstrikes with coordinated movements of its ground troops .
Although Israeli military censors have prevented the news media there from reporting on the strikes , some news outlets have circumvented the censorship by citing a 2016 Bloomberg News report , in which an unnamed former Israeli official said there had been Israeli drone strikes inside of Egypt .
Photo
Zack Gold , a researcher specializing in the North Sinai who has worked in Israel , compared the airstrikes to Israel 's nuclear weapons program — also an open secret .
“ The Israeli strikes inside of Egypt are almost at the same level , he said . “ Every time anyone says anything about the nuclear program , they have to jokingly add ‘ according to the foreign press . ' Israel 's main strategic interest in Egypt is stability , and they believe that open disclosure would threaten that stability . ”
Inside the American government , the strikes are widely known enough that diplomats and intelligence officials have discussed them in closed briefings with lawmakers on Capitol Hill . Lawmakers in open committee hearings have alluded approvingly to the surprisingly close Egyptian and Israeli cooperation in the North Sinai .
In a telephone interview , Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , declined to discuss specifics of Israel 's military actions in Egypt , but said Israel was not acting “ out of goodness to a neighbor . ”
“ Israel does not want the bad stuff that is happening in the Egyptian Sinai to get into Israel , ” he said , adding that the Egyptian effort to hide Israel 's role from its citizens “ is not a new phenomenon . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some American supporters of Israel complain that , given Egypt 's reliance on the Israeli military , Egyptian officials , diplomats and state-controlled news media should stop publicly denouncing the Jewish state , especially in international forums like the United Nations .
“ You speak with Sisi and he talks about security cooperation with Israel , and you speak with Israelis and they talk about security cooperation with Egypt , but then this duplicitous game continues , ” said Representative Eliot L. Engel of New York , the ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Relations Committee . “ It is confusing to me . ”
Israel 's prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has also pointedly reminded American diplomats of the Israeli military role in Sinai . In February 2016 , for example , Secretary of State John Kerry convened a secret summit in Aqaba , Jordan , with Mr. Sisi , King Abdullah of Jordan and Mr. Netanyahu , according to three American officials involved in the talks or briefed about them .
Mr. Kerry proposed a regional agreement in which Egypt and Jordan would guarantee Israel 's security as part of a deal for a Palestinian state .
Mr. Netanyahu scoffed at the idea .
Israeli 's military was already propping up Egypt 's military , he said , according to the Americans . If Egypt was unable to control the ground within its own borders , Mr. Netanyahu argued , it was hardly in a position to guarantee security for Israel .
Orioles GM hints team will not trade Manny Machado
Orioles general manager Dan Duquette hinted he does not intend to trade star third baseman Manny Machado .
Next year 's MLB free agent class could be one of the best ever . Among the names who will be available to the highest bidder are Bryce Harper , Manny Machado , Josh Donaldson , and Charlie Blackmon . Then there 's Clayton Kershaw , who can opt out of his current contract and become a free agent as well .
The Orioles are faced with the tough decision of how to handle Machado . They can trade him this offseason , trade him during the regular season , or risk losing him for nothing as a free agent .
During an interview with MLB Network Radio , Duquette hinted the team will hold onto Machado by saying he “ has a lot of value to the 2018 club . ”
Duquette would not shoot down trade considerations for Machado but said “ he has a lot of value to the 2018 club ” and mentioned a high draft pick if he leaves for free agency @ MLBNetworkRadio — Jim Duquette ( @ Jim_Duquette ) December 10 , 2017
Machado will be 26 years old when he hits free agency . He is one of baseball 's elite defensive players and boasts 30-home run power at the plate . And , after injury concerns early in his career , Machado has played in 156 , 157 , and 162 games the past three seasons .
One MLB executive believes the Orioles have “ no shot ” of re-signing the three-time All-Star and two-time Gold Glove Award winner . While Baltimore is reportedly not planning to shop Machado this winter , they have been receiving phone calls .
It would presumably take an overwhelming offer to get the Orioles to trade Machado . It will also likely take an extremely large financial commitment to secure his services for the foreseeable future . How the Orioles handle the situation will be heavily monitored over the coming months and one of the big storylines heading into the 2018 season
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) — Kenya 's press is reporting that the government has switched off three TV stations after they aired live broadcasts of an event where the opposition is trying to `` swear in '' its leader Raila Odinga as an alternative president Tuesday .
The attorney general has warned that such a protest act challenging the official president will amount to treason .
The Kenya Editor 's Guild said in a statement Monday that President Uhuru Kenyatta had threatened to switch off TV stations that air live broadcast of the opposition 's event .
Odinga claims he won the presidential election despite the electoral commission 's official declaration that President Uhuru Kenyatta was the victor . The Supreme Court nullified Kenyatta 's August win but when a fresh election was held in October Kenyatta won after Odinga boycotted it .
Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign spokesman Tuesday night called the information in a New York Times report — which said intercepted phone calls showed that officials of Donald Trump 's campaign had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials — a `` colossal scandal . ''
Brian Fallon , the Clinton campaign 's press secretary , said on Twitter of the report posted online Tuesday night by The New York Times : `` Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true . This is a colossal scandal . ''
The NYT story directly contradicts Trump and his staff who repeatedly said no contact occured between his campaign and Russian officials . — Brian Fallon ( @ brianefallon ) February 15 , 2017
The Times , citing four current and former U.S. officials , reported that the contacts were in the year before the November election . NBC News has not confirmed the details in the report .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Resignation : What Did President Trump Know ? 3:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Clinton 's campaign manager , Robby Mook , said on Twitter : `` I 'd like the FBI to explain why they sent a letter about Clinton but not this , '' apparently referring to FBI Director James Comey 's letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee shortly before the election about emails discovered on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner , D-New York .
The Times reported that there is no evidence that there was any cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Russians . CNN also reported on the alleged communications .
The Times reported that `` American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time that they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee , '' citing three unnamed officials .
President Donald Trump speaks at the White House last week . Andrew Harrer / Getty Images
The Times reported that `` the officials said that one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort , '' Trump 's campaign chairman for several months last year , who had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine .
The Times said the officials would n't name any other Trump associates on the calls .
In an interview with The Times , Manafort said : `` This is absurd . ''
`` I have no idea what this is referring to . I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers , and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today , '' Manafort told The Times .
`` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer , ' '' he added , according to the Times .
U.S. intelligence officials have said Russia was suspected of being involved in cyber-attacks on Democratic Party institutions during the election . A government intelligence report released in January concluded that the Russian campaign evolved into an attempt to help Trump win .
NBC News has reported that U.S. intelligence officials believe Russian President Vladimir Putin became personally involved . Russia has repeatedly denied any involvement .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Ousting Prompts National Security Concerns 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , said on MSNBC-TV on Tuesday night that he was not surprised by the Times report . He said he has been trying to get information about possible connection between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government without much cooperation from the Republican chairman of the committee .
`` It is very alarming , '' Cummings told MSNBC 's Joy-Ann Reid .
The Times report comes a day after Trump 's national security adviser , retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , resigned over telephone calls he shared with Russia 's ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office .
Among the topics discussed were U.S. sanctions imposed by the administration of President Barack Obama against Moscow for its alleged role in the 2016 presidential election , a senior intelligence official told NBC News .
At a White House press briefing earlier Tuesday , Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked about Trump 's denial in January that anyone in his campaign had been in touch with the Russians during the campaign , and whether Spicer could say that nobody on the campaign had any contacts with the Russians before the election .
`` There 's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period , '' Spicer said .
LAWRENCE , Kan. — The only thing Bill Self seemed pleased about from a first-round NCAA Tournament win by Kansas was , well , the fact that his top-seeded Jayhawks had won .
He was n't a whole lot more impressed with their second-round win .
But in a tournament gone goofy with upsets , where two No . 1 seeds are already out , simply surviving should be reason for applause . And the fact that Self thinks the best is yet to come should give the Jayhawks confidence as they head to the Midwest Region semifinals .
“ Well , I think in the NCAA Tournament you do n't worry as much if you played well or if you played poor , ” Self said . “ You worry more about , ‘ Did we advance ? ' And I think that 's all we did is we advanced . ”
Kansas will play red-hot Clemson on Friday night in Omaha , Nebraska .
“ I do n't think we were good against Penn , except for short stretches , and I do n't think we were very good ( against Seton Hall ) , except for short stretches , ” Self said . “ But we put ourselves in position where hopefully we 'll play much better next week and play our best ball . Certainly we 're going to have to be better , obviously , on Friday . ”
It would help the Jayhawks ' cause if Udoka Azubuike is closer to 100 per cent against the Tigers .
The 7-foot sophomore played 22 minutes against Seton Hall , and the Jayhawks needed all of them against Pirates big man Angel Delgado . But while Azubuike was effective after missing most of two weeks with a ligament injury to his left knee , there were still times that he was labouring .
“ He 's probably not close to 100 per cent , to be honest , but the way his attitude has been , the way he 's been rehabbing , that allowed him to get out there , ” Kansas star Devonte Graham said . “ You ca n't duplicate having ‘ Doke in the game . He 's a big piece of our offence . ”
Now , Azubuike will have another week to get his feet — or rather his knee — under him .
Self said the plan was to rest him Sunday and Monday , practice Tuesday through Thursday , and be ready to go against a fifth-seeded Clemson team that ran roughshod over No . 4 seed Auburn .
“ Coach is trying to limit my time sometimes , and I 'm like , ‘ Coach , I 'm good . I 'm good to go , ” ‘ Azubuike said with a smile . “ I 'm feeling good right now . I feel good to be back with the team . And like , as soon as I stepped on the court , I felt good and I was just good to go . ”
Still , the Jayhawks ( 29-7 ) have only had one person step up offensively each of their first two NCAA Tournament games , and that 's cause for concern . When they 've struggled this season , such as losses to Washington and Arizona State , nobody in their talented backcourt came through in the clutch .
Against Penn , it was Graham who shouldered the load . He scored 29 points , dished out six assists with six rebounds , and played all but one minute in a game tight until the second half .
Against Seton Hall , the Big 12 player of the year was largely silenced , perhaps in part by a shot to the head he took from his own teammate . But sophomore Malik Newman took over , the Big 12 Tournaments most valuable player hitting four 3-pointers and pouring in 28 points in an 83-79 victory .
“ With the four guards and with the big man , I think anybody — any one of our starting five — always have a chance to go out and get 20-plus , ” Newman said . “ Lot of weapons we have to our arsenal . ”
They 'll likely need more than one of them Friday night .
Clemson closed the first half against Auburn with a 25-4 run , was lights-out on offence and brutal on defence , and was never threatened the rest of the way in an 84-53 romp that sent coach Brad Brownell 's program to its first Sweet 16 in 21 years .
“ That was probably as impressive of a performance as anyone has had in the tournament so far and there have been some great performances , ” Self said . “ They dominated Auburn in every area — perimeter play , speed , rebounding and in the paint . Watching them was like watching a clinic .
“ They 've played against some unbelievable teams all year long , ” he added . “ This will be a difficult game . A game that will require us to play a lot better than we did this past weekend . ”
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
WASHINGTON — Hours after Wednesday 's fatal train crash in rural Virginia , the Trump administration sent a letter to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer arguing that Democratic opposition to the man nominated to be the Federal Railway Administration 's top railroad safety regulator was posing a threat to the public .
“ While the circumstances of that crash are being reviewed by the Federal Railroad Administration , it is clear that the agency needs to have its chief rail safety official in place , ” U.S. Department of Transportation Deputy Secretary Jeffrey Rosen said in the letter .
The train was carrying House and Senate Republicans to a retreat in West Virginia when it collided with a garbage truck , killing one person on the truck and causing multiple other injuries .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Investigators probe deadly crash with train carrying GOP lawmakers 3:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In August , Schumer , along with several other Senate Democrats from the Northeast , put a procedural hold on the nomination of Ron Batory , a former chief operating officer of Conrail , to run the Federal Railroad Administration . Democrats were angry that federal officials rejected a proposed Obama-era deal to fund a new rail tunnel beneath the Hudson River connecting New York and New Jersey as part of what 's known as the Gateway project .
“ Today 's tragic accident is not the first one to occur during the lengthy delay , ” Rosen said Wednesday in the letter , referring to a deadly derailment in Washington State in December . “ In the interest of public safety , I am asking that you set aside wholly unrelated issues and remove your hold on his nomination to become the Federal Railroad Administrator , ” Rosen said in the letter , obtained by NBC News . Schumer 's office declined to comment .
Democrats say Batory is already working full time at the agency , despite the delay in his official confirmation , making it unfair to draw a connection to the train crashes . Further , some Republican senators also have holds on nominees , including Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado , who has holds on numerous Department of Justice nominees in protest of the administration 's stance on marijuana legalization .
The letter escalates a battle between Schumer and Trump over infrastructure that 's been percolating over the past few weeks .
A massive infrastructure bill is Trump 's next big legislative goal , and some Democrats say the president wants to include the Gateway project as a bargaining chip to pressure Schumer to support a bill that Democrats have been critical of . Unlike with the tax cut bill he signed into law in December , Trump will need at least nine Democrats to win approval of an infrastructure package .
The proposal , details of which are still being crafted , would likely seek to rebuild the nation 's infrastructure through public-private partnerships that Democrats say amount to a giveaway to companies that wo n't prioritize the nation 's most urgent needs . Republicans say they are working on ideas for additional funding streams .
The Gateway tunnel is essential to the Northeast 's economy . Under the 2015 deal cut by President Barack Obama , the federal government , Amtrak , New York and New Jersey would have split the estimated $ 13 billion cost of building a tunnel connecting New Jersey to Penn Station , the busiest transit hub in the U.S .
The two current tunnels , on which millions of commuters rely , are more than a century old and Hurricane Sandy further weakened them .
In late December , as the Trump administration wrapped up its tax cut legislative battle , Federal Transit Administration Deputy Administrator Jane Williams wrote a letter to New York officials saying no such deal exists .
A Trump transportation official underscored that point , telling NBC News that officials are still unable to find evidence such a deal was agreed upon . “ We 've turned the place upside down and no such agreement existed , ” the official said .
Railway officials expect further updates Thursday on the Virginia accident , namely whether the truck got stuck or if it was trying to out run the train , a federal transit official told NBC .
The National Transportation Safety Board sent a team of investigators to the scene . NTSB investigations can take a year or more to complete , and Earl Weener , a member of the board , said Wednesday night that investigators would n't speculate on any possible cause .
Batory retired last March from Conrail after a 46-year career in the rail industry that included serving as president of the Belt Railway of Chicago and senior roles at Class 1 and regional railroads . The White House announced his nomination last July 11 .
RICHMOND , Va. — Virginia 's governor is set to sign legislation in coming days expanding Medicaid after the state 's Republican-controlled General Assembly ignored warnings from the White House against expanding the health care program for the poor .
The state Senate voted Wednesday in favour of a state budget that expands Medicaid . The House , which had had previously endorsed expansion , gave its final approval shortly afterward . Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to approve the measure .
Ironically , Republican lawmakers said it was the Trump administration 's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid that help get the measured passed after years of partisan battle .
Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , which President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate . White House officials , including budget director Mick Mulvaney , have urged Virginia lawmakers this year not to expand Medicaid . Trump 's recent budget proposal calls for repealing Medicaid expansion and Mulvaney said the administration is “ committed to addressing the unsustainable growth ” of the program .
But Virginia GOP Speaker Kick Cox said the Trump administration 's openness to conservative reforms , including work requirements , “ was probably the biggest key ” in getting Republican support for Medicaid expansion this year .
And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia 's Republican state legislators to flip positions .
“ There 's always talk of repealing Obamacare , that did not happen , ” Cox said .
Democratic Gov . Ralph Northam is expected to sign the measure , and the roughly 400,000 newly eligible low-income Virginias will begin enrolling in Medicaid at the start of next year .
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage . The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement .
Wednesday 's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor . A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year .
Virginia Democrats have argued the state should not pass up the roughly $ 2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state . Republicans had previously been near unified in blocking past expansion efforts , saying the long-term costs were unsustainable .
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia 's partisan battle was finally ended .
Sen. Ben Chafin , a Republican lawmaker from Virginia 's economically depressed southwest coal country , announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor . He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need .
“ I came to the conclusion that no just was n't the answer anymore , ” Chafin said .
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed , saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state 's budget needs for schools and public safety .
“ It is a ticking time bomb , ” said GOP Sen. Bill Stanley .
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year 's election , when both House and Senate seats are up .
Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House .
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion .
BARCELONA , Spain — A member of Catalonia 's separatist-led government has called for a “ cease-fire ” with Spain to decrease tensions after a disputed referendum on independence by the prosperous region .
Santi Vila , Catalonia 's regional chief for business , told Cadena SER Radio late Friday that he 's pushing for “ a new opportunity for dialogue ” under “ a cease-fire ” with Spanish authorities .
Vila says he is against Catalonia unilaterally declaring independence at this moment and wants to see a committee of experts from both sides be created to work toward a solution to the political crisis .
Separatists say they won the Oct. 1 referendum , but Spain says the vote was illegal , invalid and unconstitutional . Less than half of the electorate cast ballots in the referendum which has marred by a brutal police crackdown .
Barcelona head coach Luis Enrique insisted he should bear full responsibility for the stunning 4-0 Champions League thrashing at Paris Saint-Germain .
Unai Emery 's side pinned Barcelona into their own half with relentless pressure from kick-off in the last-16 tie and they did not look back from Angel Di Maria opening the scoring with an 18th-minute free-kick .
Julian Draxler made it two before the interval and , after Di Maria capped a masterful showing with a sumptuous second , PSG 's top scorer Edinson Cavani completed the rout .
Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets told reporters afterwards that his team-mates had been found wanting tactically and , speaking at a post-match news conference , Luis Enrique did not disagree .
`` It 's simple , the opponent has been superior with the ball and without the ball , '' he said .
`` They have won the duels , they have been more effective and the result clearly reflects what happened on the pitch . I do not think I have to explain much .
`` Let 's not waste time with easy topics - it is an exciting sport and there are always complications . The responsibility is mine . If you have to individualise it , it is with the coach . The players are the same ones who have won on other days .
`` At the break , 2-0 was very bad . We tried to change to get into the tie but then came the third and fourth goals . ''
4 - No side has ever overturned a 4+ goal deficit to progress in the Champions League knockout stages . Massacre . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) February 14 , 2017
Former Sevilla boss Emery tasted victory for only the second time in 24 attempts against Barcelona in a manner that could scarcely be more emphatic , such was PSG 's dominance .
Luis Enrique identified Emery 's knowledge of Barça 's style as a threat before the match and he conceded afterwards his opposite number did not produce any surprises – his players just executed their game plan in a manner that overran the LaLiga champions .
`` We have not been surprised at all , '' he said . `` We talked about their pressure before the game but that does not mean we can beat it . We lost a lot of duels .
`` PSG have done what we expected and been at their best . But I do not lose hope , we have to score five goals . ''
In reality , Barcelona need more than just hope . No team has ever recovered from such a deficit to progress in Champions League history .
`` It is not the moment to talk about individual things , '' Luis Enrique added . `` I have full confidence in my players , it 's time to talk about coaches . I assume responsibility , as always .
`` I repeat , we are a team that has demonstrated the ability to make great matches and results and , when we assess what has happened , we will see some options . ''
Two weeks after Hurricane Maria 's 155 mph winds pummeled the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico , many residents remain without easy access to electricity , food or running water . Cell phone service is limited , and mail service has not been fully restored .
After the storm hit on Sept. 20 , a group of St. Louis-area residents with ties to the island made a plan to collect donations and send them to Puerto Rico . Angel Recci , president of the Puerto Rican Society of St. Louis , said his whole family lives outside of San Juan , the capital city .
“ It was devastating , ” said Recci , who moved to Missouri to play college baseball , and settled in St. Louis after he met his wife . “ Knowing that they 're not going to have power for months , they 're not going to have running water for months … and you 're here , you have everything . ”
Loading ...
The group 's effort started with a PayPal link , where people could give directly to help the organization provide relief in Puerto Rico . Then it held a donation drive — volunteers established drop off points at La Tejana Taqueria in St. Ann , Racanelli 's Pizzeria in St. Peters , and the Heart Scoop Studio in Alton .
The list of requested items illustrates the scale of the disaster : among them , water filtration systems for people with no access to potable water ; battery-operated cell phone chargers while the island slowly pieces its electrical grid back together ; and canned food and baby formula .
Recci soon realized that getting supplies to the island would be difficult . Unlike disasters on the U.S. mainland , a volunteer ca n't just pile donations into a U-Haul and drive in to help .
“ Let me tell you , it is overwhelming , ” Recci said . “ But when something like this happens , we felt a responsibility to do something — to do as much as we can to support the victims .
At this point , there are three options , Recci explained . If FedEx is able to resume deliveries to Puerto Rico soon , they will fly the donations to the airport in San Juan on Oct. 15 where his contacts on the island would pick them up . Option B is to combine donations with a Puerto Rican society in Chicago that is shipping supplies to Florida and then taking them to Puerto Rico by boat . The last resort is for members of his organization to bring boxes with them on commercial flights when they go home to help family members rebuild their lives .
Other members of the Puerto Rican Society have helped in other ways . Edward Rodriguez , a civil engineer who works for the federal government , became the crucial link for St. Louis-based Express Scripts getting medicine to patients in the territory .
The pharmacy benefits manager fills prescriptions by mail , and had 80 patients in critical need of their medication with no way to reach them .
“ I think we 've gone from a search-and-rescue , flooding event to a humanitarian crisis , health care crisis , resource crisis , ” Rodriguez said . “ I have n't heard of anything like this , ever , in a U.S.-based storm event . To me that is unreal . ”
The solution for getting the medications to the patients was a private courier service run by his friend who lives in Puerto Rico . Express Scripts chartered a plane to fly to the island and handed off the boxes to private drivers who distributed them . Rodriguez shared a photograph of the meeting on Facebook .
“ Tears in my eyes , ” he said .
The Puerto Rican Society of St. Louis will continue accepting donations until Oct. 31 . A benefit concert is scheduled for Friday night , at the Forest Park campus of St. Louis Community College .
Follow Durrie on Twitter : @ durrieB
Inform our coverage
This report was prepared with help from our Public Insight Network . Click here to learn more about how you can be a part of our conversations . Click here to see more responses from PIN sources that helped inform this report .
Police block an intersection near Rice University in Houston after a fatal crash on April 24 , 2018 .
HOUSTON - A cyclist was hit and killed by a dump truck Tuesday near Rice University , police said .
The crash was reported just before noon near the intersection of Main Street and Sunset Boulevard .
Houston police said preliminary information indicates the cyclist was a woman .
Drivers should avoid the area , police said .
It was not immediately clear what caused the crash .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
FUOYE 's unending crisis
The crisis between the Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) and the workers has taken a new turn . The school is accussing Ekiti State Governor Ayo Fayose of fuelling the strike . ODUNAYO OGUNMOLA examines the scenario .
The crisis at the Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) is not over yet . Last week , a new twist was added to the workers-management face-off when the Vice Chancellor , Prof Kayode Soremekun , alleged that the Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose , was fuelling the crisis by instigating the workers against the management .
As at the time of this report , the gates of the institution have been shut by workers , who are demanding sundry allowances and colleagues ' promotion .
The twist was added to the crisis on Wednesday , last week , when the union leaders allegedly unleashed terror on memebres of the Academic Staff Union of Universities ( ASUU ) , who were not part of the industrial action . The aggrieved workers allegedly dragged and beat some lecturers for their failure to join the strike . They were also alleged to have hung fetish objects at the main gate of the university , supposedly to scare visitors away .
According to the management , the development forced it to contact the police , who arrested the chairmen of the three unions – Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities ( SSANU ) – Mutiu Ademola , Non-Academic Staff Union ( NASU ) – Dada Adebayo , and National Association of Academic Technologists ( NAAT ) – Ekundayo Ajibaye – for disrupting the peace .
Briefing newsmen last weekend , Soremekun claimed that the crisis in the university was being fuelled , sponsored and instigated by Fayose . He alleged that the governor used the Secretary to the State Government , Dr. Modupe Alade , as a front to secure the release of the union leaders .
“ The unionists were becoming so unruly in recent time . In fact , they beat up some lecturers and we called for their arrest only for the SSG to bail them out , acting on the governor 's directive , ” Soremekun told reporters . Nonetheless , Governor Fayose denied it all .
Speaking on his behalf , his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media , Lere Olayinka , said as the chief security officer of the state , Fayose 's priority was to protect the entire state and not dabble into irrelevances .
The union leaders have also shot back at Soremekun , saying their release was secured by their national leaders .
The crisis started in January when workers protested over non-payment of about three months salary arrears and Hazard Allowances . Workers also alleged Soremekun of carrying out questionable employment in contravention of the federal character . They accused the VC of engaging on frequent trips abroad , despite the school 's financial constraint .
But Soremekun , who denied the allegations , said he sits on boards of many foundations and global bodies across the world , which usually facilitate his trips abroad whenever the need arises .
The unions claimed that the recent promotion carried out in May was marred by favoritism and irregularities . Workers also kicked against an average score of 85 per cent pass mark set by management as against the 60 per cent entrenched in the Condition of Service for senior staff in the university . They alleged that certain workers , who scored below 85 per cent were promoted , leaving many others , who equally deserved promotion on merit .
The two parties eventually went for negotiation in February , brokered by the Ekiti State Office of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Productivity . They both agreed that all arrears would be paid within five days of suspending the strike , The Nation learnt .
Explaining the rationale for last week 's crisis , workers claimed that the VC refused to sign the said agreement , adding that this fuelled their fears that the management was not ready to honour the pact .
During the briefing , FUOYE management further accused Fayose of sponsoring the union leaders to launch physical attacks on lecturers and other workers in the Registry .
Soremekun said the unions ' actions almost resulted into anarchy as students wanted to launch a counter-attack , but the management promptly waded in .
The VC said the union leaders invaded the Bursary Unit , ejected workers forcefully , and deflated tyres of vehicles parked . He lamented that the incident coincided with the meeting of the university 's Governing Council , which had to relocate to Ado-Akiti to conclude its agenda because of the chaotic atmosphere .
He listed some of those wounded by the unionists to include : the Dean of Faculty of Engineering , Prof. Babatope Alabadan ; Dr Ayodele A Fajinmi and Dr Olatunde Oyelawon of the Department of Crop Science and Mechanical Engineering respectively .
Others were : Messrs. Tunde Ogundana and Olawale Sanni both of Department of Mechanical Engineering ; Head of Department of Physics , Dr Olusayo Olubosede and Dr Kikelomo Oluwalola , an adjunct staff member . Another victim , Mr. GabrielOkoli of the Department of Computer Engineering got his car vandalised during the attack , management added .
According to Soremekun , the Registrar , Mr. Daniel Adeyemo was almost manhandled by the unionists .
Ahead of last week 's attack , Soremekun recalled that the union leaders were given queries , which they refused to answer , adding that they also shunned a panel set up to investigate their activities .
The VC accused Fayose of exerting pressure on him while he served as the Chief Returning Officer ( CRO ) for the Edo State governorship election by sending one of his ( Fayose ) aides to him .
He claimed that Fayose had allegedly been after his life after serving as the CRO in the election last September , which saw Governor Godwin Obaseki of the Progressives Congress defeating the Peoples Democratic Party 's candidate , Osagie Ize-Iyamu .
Soremekun said : “ I am not a politician and I did n't expect the governor to be sponsoring violence against me . Before the Ondo State governorship election , it was rumoured that I would be the Chief Returning Officer and before I could blink an eye , Fayose released my phone to the world where all sorts of messages were being sent to me .
He continued : “ Although I occupy a political position , but I am not a politician ; the next election held was that of Ondo State and they thought I was going to be the Chief Returning Officer only to be sending horrible text messages to me .
“ As I speak with you now , my life and those of the Registrar and other management members are not safe . It is as bad as that.This fight is meant to save the soul of our university against partisanship . It is a fight against principalities and power of darkness in high places , working to politicise and destabilise our university . ”
Soremekun denied employing over 300 workers . He explained that few numbers of staff were employed to fill some vacancies and in deference to the principle of federal character .
Fayose challenged Soremekun for having the gut to order the arrest of the protesters .
“ The Vice Chancellor is the one that should search his conscience whether or not he is doing the right thing concerning the management of the university , ” Fayose said .
“ Be that as it may , it sounds so illogical that head of a university will stand before the press to say that university staff should be arrested and detained by the police for protesting , ” the governor added .
The union leaders , however , described Soremekun 's allegation as an attempt to gain the sympathy of the federal authorities and the public .
Ajibaye said the unions were primarily concerned about the welfare of their colleagues and payment of their benefits and promotion of those who deserve it .
Ajibaye said : “ There is no truth in the allegation by the VC that the governor is sponsoring unions in FUOYE . The allegation should be disregarded by the entire public and the authorities .
“ The VC is only trying to deceive the public and the authorities in Abuja to cover his inefficiency . This VC in January stopped the payment of occupational Hazard Allowance to academic technologists in the university .
“ This is an allowance that is component of monthly salary paid by the Federal Government and has been appropriated in the university 's budget . This allowance has been part of the staff salary for four years now in the university .
“ This is a VC who , in the space of one year , has employed over 320 illegally without proper approval . In a bid to cover up this crime , the management recently did a kangaroo regularisation of appointments and forwarded few names to the Federal Character Commission as if due process were followed . ”
Ajibaye claimed that the national representatives of the unions that visited FUOYE management to seek a truce left in frustration because the VC was not cooperative .
Ademola also denied the union 's involvement in the attacks on lecturers last week . He said workers ' grouse was further fuelled by the VC 's refusal to sign the aforementioned tripartite agreement .
Agreeing with Ademola , Adebayo said the union was left with no choice than to picket the Bursary Unit , adding that though the agreement stated that workers ' arrears and salaries must be paid within five days of suspending the strike , NASU was disappointed that the management failed to fulfill its part of the bargain 17 days after the unions suspended the strike .
He said the union found that the management intentionally delayed the payment to punish workers for their participation in the strike earlier in the year .
Adebayo said : “ The general public is hereby informed that the bail of the union leaders illegally arrested was not secured by the SSG , but by representatives of the national bodies of SSANU , NAAT and NASU . The letter written and signed by the representatives is at the police headquarters for the world to see . ”
The university 's Students ' Representative Council ( SRC ) the equivalent of Student Union Government ( SUG ) , appealed to all parties to sheathe their swords in the interest of peace .
“ We want the crisis to be resolved , all parties in the crisis should come to the negotiation table in the interest of all students , who want to graduate at the right time .
“ Unions came to classes last Wednesday and stopped lectures , we are not happy that academic activities are now at a standstill . The earlier the crisis is resolved the better for everybody , ” said the Deputy Speaker of FUOYE SRC , Miss Monjolaoluwa Bamiteko .
Ekiti State Police Command Public Relations Officer , Mr. Alberto Adeyemi , told The Nation that the union members were invited for clarification and were allowed to go after issues were sorted out .
Adeyemi explained that the union leaders were not detained at the command 's headquarters .
“ We invited them ( union leaders ) for clarification and they made their statements and left . That is all I can say for now , ” Adeyemi said :
Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) was one of the nine universities established by the Federal Government in 2011 under former President Goodluck Jonathan . The purpose of their establishment was to make their host states have more Federal presence , while also generating employment opportunities .
Unfortunately , FUOYE appears to have been more crisis-ridden since inception , owing to frequent showdown between management and the unions .
Only three Vice Chancellors had presided over FUOYE since the institution was established . Its pioneer VC Prof Chinedu Nebo , left to take up an appointment as Minister of Power under the immediate past administration . However , Nebo 's successor Prof Innocent Asuzu , whose stay at FUOYE was brief , had a running battle with all the unions . Except ASUU , Soremekun 's administration has also been wriggling in crisis by three other unions , leading to strikes and forceful closure of the university .
The post FUOYE 's unending crisis appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
What number do you need to call to vote on Britain 's Got Talent ? Can you vote on the app ? We have all the details right here ...
Britain 's Got Talent is LIVE every night this week , with 40 acts competing across five semi-finals – and that means that we will finally be able to have our say on this year 's acts .
Advertisement
But how can you vote ? What are the numbers you need ? Find out below…
These are the eight semi-finalists performing on Tuesday 's first live semi-final , but remember the vote does n't open until the end of the show . We 'll be adding the phone numbers as we get them…
Acrocadabra
Landlines : 09020 44 24 01 Mobiles : 6 44 24 01
The dance group from Birmingham is aged between nine and 17 and perform a dance and acrobatics routine with some magic tricks .
DMU Gospel Choir
Landlines : 09020 44 24 02Mobiles : 6 44 24 02
The gospel choir last sang a medley of “ I Will Follow Him/ Oh Happy Day ” .
Landlines : 09020 44 24 03 Mobiles : 6 44 24 03
Mr Uekusa
Landlines : 09020 44 24 04 Mobiles : 6 44 24 04
Mr Uekusa performs table cloth tricks whilst naked . Because why not .
Aleksandar Mileusnic
Landlines : 09020 44 24 ? ? Mobiles : 6 44 24 05
The 23-year-old council worker and singer from Stevenage performed a swing version of Seven Nation Army by The White Stripes in his first audition .
Robert White
Landlines : 09020 44 24 ? ? Mobiles : 6 44 24 06
The music teacher from West Sussex performs musical comedy .
Landlines : 09020 44 24 ? ? Mobiles : 6 44 24 ? ?
This group of dancers are aged between 10 -24 years old . The group performed a dance with wheelchairs to help one of the members , Hollie Booth , get back into dancing following injuries she sustained during the Manchester terror attack in 2017 .
Landlines : 09020 44 24 ? ? Mobiles : 6 44 24 ? ?
How do I vote on Britain 's Got Talent ?
Each night , eight acts will perform and it 's down to the viewers who will continue through to the Britain 's Got Talent final . You can vote using the phone numbers provided or via the the official Britain 's Got Talent app .
How do I get the Britain 's Got Talent app ?
The official app is available to download for both your iOS and Android devices . You can download the free iOS app here and the Android app here .
How long is the vote on Britain 's Got Talent open for ?
At the moment , we do n't know how long the vote will remain open on Britain 's Got Talent . Once it 's announced , we will be updating this page .
What are the voting terms and conditions ?
Voting terms and conditions for Britain 's Got Talent have yet to be issued , but once they are we 'll have them here .
Advertisement
Britain 's Got Talent continues every night this week at 7:30pm on ITV
( AP Photo/John Locher , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and ...
( AP Photo/John Locher , File ) . FILE - In this Monday , Oct. 2 , 2017 file photo , drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip , following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas . Police in Las Ve ...
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history ( all times local ) :
4:25 p.m .
Aerial video released by Las Vegas police provides a unique overview but little new information about the deadliest mass shooting in the nation 's modern history .
A quick review of footage released Wednesday includes six hours of video from a fixed-wing airplane .
The sequence began more than two hours after the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds at a concert near the Mandalay Bay resort .
Video also shows the gold-window facade of the hotel where the shooter had fired for about 10 minutes from the 32nd floor .
The footage scans the surrounding neighborhood and features eerie infrared eye-in-the-sky images .
After daylight , some of the newly released video shows investigators wearing yellow jackets beginning to explore debris around the grandstands , VIP area and green field where 22,000 people fled as shots rained down from rapid-fire assault-style weapons .
Police and the FBI say they do n't know the shooter 's motive , but they determined he acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism .
The material marked the fourth batch of records made public under court orders .
____
2:40 p.m .
Las Vegas police released video from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded .
A partial review of files made public Wednesday under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred .
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire can not be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue .
As emergency vehicles clog the street , shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera .
The video is in color but there is no sound .
Courts have ordered police to make public officers ' body-camera video , dispatch logs , witness accounts and officer reports .
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order .
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd .
___
1 p.m .
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video , dispatch logs , witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting .
It 's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order .
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre .
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip .
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released . The FBI has declined to comment .
Both agencies say they do n't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing .
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism .
____
10:20 a.m .
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday .
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video , dispatch logs , witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip .
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material .
The FBI has also declined to comment .
Both say they do n't have a motive for the attack , and that the investigation is ongoing .
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below , and that the attack had no link to international terrorism .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Referees in this week 's Kingstone Press Cider National Conference League 's fixtures , and ties in the Rugby League 's Challenge Trophy , are :
Friday 18 June 2017
PREMIER DIVISION
Rochdale Mayfield v Siddal – Craig Smith
Saturday 19 June 2017
DIVISION THREE
Oldham St Anne 's v Woolston Rovers – Alan Billington
Rylands Sharks v Gateshead Storm – Simon Ellis
RFL CHALLENGE TROPHY ( ROUND 2 )
East Leeds v Leigh East – Cameron Worsley
Hunslet Club Parkside v Waterhead Warriors – Mike Smaill
Wigan St Jude 's v West Hull – Denton Arnold
Drighlington v Wigan St Patrick 's – Stephan Lund
Milford Marlins v Featherstone Lions – Gavin Houston
Hunslet Warriors v Saddleworth Rangers – Harry Neville
Leigh Miners Rangers v Ince Rose Bridge – Nick Woodward
Thatto Heath Crusaders v Oulton Raiders – James Jones
Residents of Guam spoke about two key issues as the Pacific island sits in the crosshairs of escalating tensions between North Korea and the United States .
Residents of Guam spoke about two key issues as the Pacific island sits in the crosshairs of escalating tensions between North Korea and the United States .
Across Guam _ where nearly everyone is Roman Catholic _ priests are praying for peace as residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory face a missile threat from North Korea .
Across Guam _ where nearly everyone is Roman Catholic _ priests are praying for peace as residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory face a missile threat from North Korea .
North Korea , now talking of a possible missile launch toward Guam , just a few months ago conducted a similar rehearsal strike on a U.S. base _ and it warranted nary a tweet from Trump .
North Korea , now talking of a possible missile launch toward Guam , just a few months ago conducted a similar rehearsal strike on a U.S. base _ and it warranted nary a tweet from Trump .
( AP Photo/Tassanee Vejpongsa ) . A rainbow appears over Tumon Bay , Guam Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 . Residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam face a missile threat from North Korea .
By GRACE GARCES BORDALLO and TASSANEE VEJPONGSAAssociated Press
HAGATNA , Guam ( AP ) - Tourists have n't been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the U.S. territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington .
Chiho Tsuchiya of Japan heard the news , but she decided to come anyway with her husband and two children . `` I feel Japan and Korea also can get danger from North Korea , so staying home is the same , '' said the 40-year-old .
Won Hyung-jin , an official from Modetour , a large South Korean travel agency , said several customers called with concerns , but they were n't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips .
`` It seems North Korea racks up tension once or twice every year , and travelers have become insensitive about it , '' Won said . His company has sent about 5,000 travelers to Guam a month this year , mostly on package tours .
The U.S. territory has a population of 160,000 , but it attracted 1.5 million visitors last year . One-third of Guam 's jobs are in the tourism industry .
Guam is a key outpost for the U.S. military , which uses it as a base for bombers and submarines .
The island 's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travelers from Japan and South Korea . Guam is only about three hours by plane from major cities in both countries .
The number of South Korean travelers in particular has been growing lately because five low-cost airlines started flying to Guam from South Korea , said Antonio Muna , the vice president of Guam Visitors Bureau . This helped boost arrival figures to a 20-year high in July , Muna said .
The threats came in a week in which longstanding tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over . New United Nations sanctions condemning the North 's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from Pyongyang . President Donald Trump responded by vowing to rain down `` fire and fury '' if challenged . The North then threatened to lob missiles near Guam .
Kenji Kikuchi , 39 , arrived from Japan last week and planned to leave Tuesday as scheduled . He was aware of the threat from reading the local newspaper and was a little worried . But he said North Korea 's missiles would fall in the water not on Guam . His 8-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter were n't concerned .
`` They talk about it , but they do n't care about it . So they like the sea and the pool , '' he said .
The Guam Visitors Bureau has heard reports of cancellations , but Muna said it does n't yet have any concrete figures on how many took place . Officials are still expecting a strong August , Muna said .
`` Japan and Korea make over 90 percent of our arrivals . And they 're much closer to North Korea than Guam is , '' Muna said .
The agency has been relaying assurances from the governor and defense officials that Guam is protected and safe , he said .
Trump told Guam 's Republican governor the global attention would send more tourists to the island .
`` You 're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money , '' he told Gov . Eddie Calvo in a telephone conversation Calvo posted Sunday on Facebook . Trump said he 'd been watching scenes of Guam on the news , and `` it just looks like a beautiful place . ''
At a news conference Monday , Calvo said that Guam is in a `` normal state of readiness and its business as usual . ''
There is `` no change in security threat levels . ''
He told the reporters that `` we are defended and will be protected . ''
___
Associated Press writers Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul , South Korea , and Audrey McAvoy in Honolulu contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Landa Mobile Systems were recently selected for that purpose by the United States Department of Defense Missile Defense Agency .
Oklahoma , USA ( PRUnderground ) April 18th , 2017
When you hear the words “ missile defense , ” your first thought is likely about a system to protect us from incoming missiles , like the old Strategic Defense Initiative and its successor programs ( which are still in development to this day ) .
But there 's another important aspect of missile defense : protecting the missiles themselves , from lightning strikes for instance .
Mobile towers from Landa Mobile Systems were recently selected for that purpose by the United States Department of Defense Missile Defense Agency . After extensive testing , Landa 's patented Model LMS106 HW portable telescopic lattice towers were deployed in the South Pacific . The Landa units were chosen for reliability , durability , and capability to hold up to the wind — rated to withstand up to 105 mph wind speed in unguyed deployment . They have operated without issues and are among the most reliable in the industry . Never in the history of the company has a Landa tower been blown over .
The first of the attached photos shows the Model LMS106 HW as it is being utilized for lightning protection during a pathfinder mission last March .
Scott Robinson , MDA/TCT test engineer on the project , said , “ The second one you see in the background is also an LMS106 HW . We emplace it near the transportation truck to protect the rocket stage until we stack it on the pad . Then we move it to its launch position so that we have two fixed and two portable towers in place to provide protection on all sides . The portable towers allow us freedom of movement around the pad for cranes and other rocket support systems until the rocket
is stacked . ”
The Landa towers provide lightning protection by intercepting a lightning strike that would otherwise hit the missile , and directing it safely to ground , in exactly the same way that a lightning rod protects a tall building . The hot-dipped galvanized steel construction of the towers is one of the most commonly used materials for lightning protection systems .
The 106-foot maximum height LMS106 HW is one of eight models of mobile lattice towers that Landa manufactures . Ranging in height from 65 to 150 feet tall , they are built to military standards to withstand extremes of heat , cold , salt , moisture and wind , and are EMP secure . They also incorporate a patented key system which makes it possible to raise or lower the tower without external power , using only a cordless drill .
Landa also manufactures a single mast mobile tower solution , a complete line of crank-up mast systems with a maximum height of 72 feet . These are mounted to Landa 's patent pending trailer design , and can be configured with a variety of options including a solar array and shelter . The Landa crank-up mast systems were designed and built with military specifications , specifically with Middle East deployments in mind . And they will perform reliably in the harshest , most rugged environments .
They also manufacture telescopic mobile towers in three sizes , one of which — the 20-foot tall LMS20 SM — is self-powered with a built-in 480-watt solar array . Rounding out Landa 's mobile tower line is a series of truck mounted models , ranging in maximum height from 106 to 150 feet .
Mobile towers have many uses beyond serving as lightning rods for ICBMs on the launch pad . One of the most common is as “ Cell on Wheels ” or COW installations , providing a mobile , temporary cell phone tower . This is very useful to add capacity to the cell network in many situations , including newsworthy events where many people are gathered , such as music festivals or sports events . COWs are also used in remote areas during emergencies , such as forest fires , and during and after natural disasters when the permanent cell network infrastructure has been damaged .
Landa model LMS150 HD towers were deployed by T-Mobile in New Jersey in the wake of Hurricane Sandy . Installed in July of 2013 , they were still up and running with no issues over two and a half years later !
COWs are sometimes used in place of permanent cell tower installations , and Landa mobile towers ' durability and reliability make them ideal for this kind of use . One of Landa 's long-term customers is Guam Telecom , which purchased model LMS85 HW towers for the third time last year . They stand up to all the challenges of wind , salt air , and storms the Pacific Ocean can throw at them , including 165-mph hurricane winds during a 2015 storm , and keep the remote island territory connected to the world .
Landa 's mobile towers are deployed at locations around the world , including Canada , Mexico , Central America , Africa and the Middle East . They have been deployed by most branches of the United States military domestically and in confidential locations around the world .
Other applications for Landa 's mobile towers include firewatch ( in one instance , the Landa tower passed a series of 200 stability tests with only a single anomaly ) , and as stations for lidar sensors and cameras . Placing lidar sensors and camera on mobile towers allows for the creation of extremely high resolution 3D maps very quickly . This is especially useful for sites like mines , quarries , asphalt plants or concrete yards , where lidar maps can track stocks and changing terrain quickly and without disruption to operations .
Landa Mobile Systems manufactures other products in addition to portable towers . Landa climber training towers are built in monopole and lattice styles , can be configured to client specifications , and are used by universities , unions and companies to safely teach climbing skills .
In addition to its lines of mobile towers , Landa Mobile Systems is a leading manufacturer of gin poles . These important lifting tools are used in a wide variety of applications — construction , salvage , oil and gas operations , and mining , to name a few . Landa manufactures gin poles in round , square lattice and triangular lattice configurations , in lengths up to 143 feet . Gin poles meet or exceed all required industry and government safety standards , and are sold with all required documentation and certificates .
Landa also manufactures a complete line of communication shelters . These are available in preset configurations in sizes from 8×8 feet to 10×12 feet , or can be designed and manufactured to client specifications .
Shelters can be mounted on trailers , paired up with a mobile tower , or built standalone . A standard build is rated to withstand up to 120 mph wind speeds and Landa offers options that raise that limit higher . Landa shelters operate in all environments , including the Arctic and Antarctic . They can be flown into remote locations and assembled on site by Landa or client personnel , or assembled at the factory prior to shipment . All required engineering documents are provided , and Landa will furnish copies for the life of the shelter building , regardless of owner , at no charge .
Completing Landa 's product list are its line of mobile flare towers . These are invaluable in oil production facilities where pipelines or other means to transport raw natural gas away are not available . Landa manufactures three models of flare tower , in 30- , 50- , and 60-foot heights . All of Landa 's mobile flare towers come with a set of five different burn nozzles to meet different needs and are EPA certified . They come mounted to a trailer which can be towed by a standard pickup truck , both on and off-road .
Landa 's products , including tower construction , shelter skids and walls , and trailer steel are manufactured using 100 % USA recycled steel .
Headquartered in Fayetteville , Arkansas , Landa Mobile Systems , LLC is a member of the National Association of Tower Erectors . Headed by CEO Michael D. Landa , it is a minority owned , service disabled veteran owned , Small Business Administration certified Small Disadvantaged Business . Landa 's manufacturing and assembly facilities in Tulsa , Oklahoma , are located within an SBA Historically Underutilized Business Zone . They are a supplier to the Federal Government under GSA contract # GS-07F-106DA .
Landa Mobile Systems ' client list includes Sprint , BAE Systems , the Missile Defense Agency , General Dynamics , Los Alamos National Laboratory , Sabre Industries , Exxon , the Department of Defense , NASA , AT & T , Shell , T-Mobile , the U.S. Navy , the Internal Revenue Service , Verizon Wireless , Chevron , the Canadian Pacific Railway , Telefonica , Airtel , Alcatel , Ericsson , Daimler , Kwajalein Range Services , FEMA , Cellxion , Pacific Gas and Electric , Lockheed Martin , and Purdue University .
For more information about Landa Mobile Systems , visit the company 's website at landamobilesystems.com .
About Landa Mobile Systems
Landa Mobile Systems product lines are recognized for their superior quality and durability . Industries leading innovator in design and advancement in the industry building mobile towers with the highest wind-loading in the industry .
With the ability to deliver on time , every time . Designed and tested patented products for long term serviceability . CERTIFIED Green All tower construction , Deck and out riggers are manufactured 100 % from the USA recycled steel .
Landa holds its patented products and services to the highest standards of consumer excellence . In exchange , we must hold our suppliers to those same standards . Substantiating and quantifying why we form close partnerships with each of our suppliers . Together we produce superior products in an environmentally responsible , ethical and compliant manner . While conforming with all applicable laws , regulations and contractual obligations .
You may be entered in a competitive bid for one or more of our business units as a part of good business practice . We 'll consider your ability , capacity , integrity , financial status , geographical locations , performance , reliability , quality of product , delivery and overall customer-supplier relations . If you can deliver the right quantity and the right quality , at the right time and price , from the right sources , then we look forward to doing the highest standard of business with you .
CERTIFIED Green All tower construction steel utilizes 100 % USA recycled steel . Gin Pole construction also is 100 % USA recycled steel .
For more information about Landa Mobile Systems , visit the company 's website at www.landamobilesystems.com .
Michelle Pirone Lambros announced on Friday that she will run for Princeton Council in the 2018 Democratic primary .
A native of Princeton , she is a second-generation Italian American . Her family 's roots in the Princeton community reach back a century . “ My family has always been very engaged with the community , and I am looking forward to continuing this tradition and giving back to our historic town , ” she said .
A graduate of George Washington University with a master 's degree in international affairs and a bachelor 's degree in political science from Seton Hill University in Greensburg , Pa , . Pirone Lambros worked on Capitol Hill for Congressman John Murtha of Pennsylvania after she graduated from college . She later did campaign fieldwork for congressional and local campaigns in California , then moved into corporate fundraising and event management , founding her first business when she was 26 . From there she moved to Mexico , and has spent a large portion of her career overseas managing multiple small businesses and events , including creating a multi-year food festival in Kuwait . She and her family recently moved back to Princeton from the Middle East .
Pirone Lambros said she is looking forward to making a positive contribution to the community . “ Princeton has everything to offer , a top-rated school district , vibrant restaurant and retail options , cultural diversity , lots of green space and a healthy walkable and bikeable lifestyle for residents to enjoy , “ she said .
She was recently one of 19 women selected statewide to participate in Emerge NJ 's 2018 training program for women who want to run for office and make an impact on their local communities . She said Princeton is facing some challenges in the near term , including the impact of the federal tax reform on New Jersey property taxes , expanding school enrollment and proposed school expansion , plans for additional affordable housing , the need for increased infrastructure to support growing local small businesses , and the ongoing changes to the residential landscape .
“ If elected , I would be honored to work with the Town Council members and Mayor Lempert to keep Princeton growing in a sustainable way , with innovative solutions to these and other issues . My commitment is to assure ethical governance , social justice and equality , and sustainability wherever possible in the decision-making duties that come with the role of Council Member , ” she said . “ I 've lived and traveled all over the Middle East , Europe and Latin America , and I can say that hands down , Princeton is one of the best places in the world to live . I look forward to the opportunity to serve the town and delve into the detailed , important decisions that our Council makes to assure our town continues to be a safe , beautiful and world-class community . ”
Earlier in the week , Democrats Eve Niedergang and Dwaine Williamson announced that they will seek three-year terms on the council .
On Monday , Democratic incumbents Lance Liverman and Heather Howard announced that they will not seek re-election to the six-member council in November .
The deadline for candidates to file petitions with the clerk to run for office in the June 5 Republican and Democratic primaries in New Jersey is April 2 . Residents who want to run as unaffiliated candidates must file petitions by June 5 .
Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager throws during batting practice before Game 1 of the baseball team 's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . Jae C. Hong AP Photo
Those of us who work in museums and history organizations commonly hear “ if only . ”
“ If only I 'd interviewed my grandfather about his World War II experiences. ” “ If only I 'd saved those letters written by my great-grandmother. ” “ If only that cemetery had been preserved . ”
Once these stories and places are lost , they are gone forever . However , there are organizations working to protect our past so that we can better understand the present .
This May , the Kentucky Historical Society ( KHS ) and the Museums of Historic Hopkinsville-Christian County are co-sponsoring an event to digitize letters , diaries , photographs and artifacts related to Christian County 's African American and Jewish history . In addition to sparking conversations about race relations , this project will help both institutions tell a broader story .
This project is happening thanks to a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities ( NEH ) , an independent federal agency that supports history , literacy and civic engagement projects across the United States .
Although NEH funds have preserved our state history and positively affected the education of many Kentuckians , there are now plans to eliminate funding for the NEH and the Institute for Museum and Library Services ( IMLS ) , which also aids museums , libraries and local history organizations .
Between 2008 and 2012 , Kentucky institutions received $ 5.9 million in NEH grants . These grants funded teacher training , traveling exhibits , school programs , adult educational services , digital humanities projects and more . From 2014-2016 , four Kentucky museums received $ 226,000 in NEH funds .
As an example of how important these funds can be , one past NEH grant was used to assess artifacts at the Frazier History Museum in Louisville . For museums , accessible collections provide better on-site experiences , leading to more visitation , greater tourism and , ultimately , a stronger economic impact . NEH funds help make that possible .
IMLS grants also help museums make their collections more accessible . The Kentucky Historical Society is currently using a $ 149,060 grant to fund a complete inventory of our museum collection , which will help us better care for , and utilize , these important artifacts that the society has been collecting since 1836 .
These funds have also benefitted teachers and students .
The Kentucky Historical Society used an NEH grant to train teachers from around the nation about the Civil War . Using Kentucky historic sites as laboratories of study , the teachers gained an in-depth understanding of our nation 's greatest conflict . As the teachers share these lessons with colleagues , the impact of this NEH-funded project multiplies .
Currently , NEH is helping fund the Kentucky Historical Society 's groundbreaking digital humanities project “ The Civil War Governors of Kentucky Digital Documentary Edition. ” This project—an online collection of thousands of historical documents related to Kentucky 's Civil War governors—is broadening our understanding of the Civil War and placing current issues , like soldiers ' post-traumatic stress disorder , into a broader historical context . Again , the lessons of our past help us confront real problems that are affecting us today .
As part of the commonwealth 's 225th anniversary , KHS staff are visiting organizations and communities to reflect upon Kentucky 's positive attributes and to discuss the challenges that we face as a state . These conversations have been revealing ; Kentuckians worry about drug abuse , poverty , the health of residents , the decline of family farms and more .
One priority that has emerged from every community conversation is education .
Because Kentuckians care about education , it is important to remember that NEH and IMLS funds assist teachers , expand students ' learning , commemorate our history , support tourism development , bolster our libraries and help us become engaged citizens by prompting dialogue about critical issues .
For those reasons—and for the help that NEH and IMLS have given Kentucky communities and historical organizations—this funding needs to be preserved .
In the future , let us not have to say , “ If only the NEH and IMLS had been saved. ” Let us instead protect their funding and preserve our history in order to shape a better tomorrow .
Stuart W. Sanders http : //gcnewsgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_thumbnail_stuart-sanders-headshot-2014-1.jpg Stuart W. Sanders
By Stuart W. Sanders
Stuart W. Sanders is the Kentucky Historical Society 's History Advocate .
Stuart W. Sanders is the Kentucky Historical Society 's History Advocate .
Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor betting odds : Floyd heavy favorite
The betting odds for the Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor will be an interesting side story to the major fight , as is usually the case for huge fights .
Because the fight will be taking place in a boxing ring under boxing rules , Mayweather is a heavy favorite . He has opened as a favorite of anywhere from -900 to -1100 . That means you would have to wager $ 11 to win $ 1 if you think Floyd will win .
FIGHT ODDS [ via 5dimes ]
Mayweather -900 ( 86 % chance )
McGregor +600 ( 14 % chance ) — RJ Bell ( @ RJinVegas ) June 14 , 2017
Apparently at least one big bet has come in on Floyd .
Sportsbook @ CGTechnology_ just took a $ 45,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather to defeat Conor McGregor , per @ jsimbal . — David Payne Purdum ( @ DavidPurdum ) June 15 , 2017
But many other bets are coming in on McGregor , who could pay off in a big way as an underdog .
As of Tuesday afternoon @ LVSuperBook , 92 percent of bets that had been placed were on underdog Conor McGregor to defeat Floyd Mayweather . — David Payne Purdum ( @ DavidPurdum ) June 14 , 2017
The fight , which will take place on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas , will be McGregor 's first professional boxing contest . Mayweather is 49-0 in boxing and one of the greatest boxers ever . Mayweather is a huge favorite for a very good reason .
The village of Mowrystown has a new police chief and five new officers , and has once again changed some of the speed limits in the village , police chief Tyrone Sims said Friday .
Sims , who became a member of the Mowrystown Police Department on Aug. 17 of this year , said he was appointed as interim chief by Mayor Frank Terwilliger on Monday .
“ We 're getting a lot of heat from the people , vandalism , and it should n't be that way , ” Sims said . “ All we 're trying to do is put some police out there . … We 're trying to police a community that has n't seen police… What I try to bring is safety to my officers and they , in turn , provide safety to the citizens . ”
Sims said he has five officers serving under him . They are Lt. Patrick Glassburn ; Sgt . James MacSkimming , who previously worked for two years as a police officer in Mowrystown and has been brought back ; officers T.J. Littleton , who has his own K-9 certified to search for drugs , and Andy DeWine ; and cadet Katie Burrior .
The speed limit has been changed from 25 mph to 35 mph , Sims said , on SR 321 , or Main Street , through the entire village . But Sims said vehicles wo n't be ticketed unless they are going more than 10 mph over the new speed limit .
The interim police chief said the speed limit remains 25 mph on Sardinia/Mowrystown Road within the village limits . He said that within the school zone , the speed limit is 20 mph , but that vehicles will not be ticketed unless they are going in excess of 26 mph . He said that 's a slight change from 7 mph over the limit in the school zone that vehicles were previously being allowed .
He said that slight change was made because vehicles have recently been clocked going as fast as 53 mph during restricted hours in the school zone .
Sims also said that according to Ohio law , school zone speed limits are enforceable anywhere within 300 feet of a school zone .
The school zone speed limit is in effect from 6:30 to 8 a.m. and 1:30 to 3 p.m. on days school is in session , Sims said .
As for the speed limit change on Main Street , Sims said the village was “ forced to do it by some political monopoly by the sheriff. ” Sims said Highland County Sheriff Donnie Barrera threatened to take the Mowrystown Police Department 's radio and LEADS ( Law Enforcement Agencies Data System ) away if it did n't change the speed limit .
But Barrera said Friday that there was no truth to that claim . He said that Mowrystown was going to have to give up its LEADS system , which would basically mean its radios , because the village failed to inform anyone that former chief Jim Webster had resigned . He said that when a new police chief takes over anywhere in the county they are required to sign a LEADS agreement .
Barrera said the problem has since been resolved .
Sims said he is originally from Lebanon , currently lives in Higginsport , and has been in law enforcement since 1991 . He said most of his law enforcement work has been part-time , and that he has served as a park ranger , deputy sheriff , worked in a jail , and worked in other villages . He said he is a certified instructor for LIDAR , the kind of camera Mowrystown started using in late August to much controversy to issue the vast majority of its speeding tickets , radar and firearms .
“ To my knowledge , I 'm the first African American police chief in Highland County , ” Sims said .
He also said he 's planning to offer concealed carry classes to the public for $ 25 and that the proceeds will be donated to the village police and fire departments . He said anyone interested can contact the village office and set up a date .
The new police officers , including himself , Sims said , are all part-time . He said they will be working varying shifts , including some at night .
“ I 'd just like to let people know our officers are open to discuss anything , including the tickets , but they have to understand those are handled by another company , ” Sims said .
He said anyone with a police department issue can reach him anytime at 513-693-1728 .
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland @ timesgazette.com .
This photo of a homemade sign on Harvey Road near Mowrystown was sent to The Times-Gazette via a Facebook message . http : //www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_fspeedsign.jpg This photo of a homemade sign on Harvey Road near Mowrystown was sent to The Times-Gazette via a Facebook message . Sims http : //www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Sims-Tyrone-mug-shot.jpg Sims
New speed limits , new police chief , officers
Interested in James Comey ? Add James Comey as an interest to stay up to date on the latest James Comey news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
James Comey 's `` A Higher Loyalty '' had a very big opening week .
Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies , a number that includes print , audio and e-books . The former FBI director 's memoir has been one of the year 's most anticipated releases . It includes his accounts of investigating Hillary Clinton 's emails and of his awkward encounters with President Donald Trump .
Comey , fired by Trump a year ago , has likened the president to a crime boss who values personal loyalty over service to the country . Published April 17 , `` A Higher Loyalty '' is the hottest political book since Michael Wolff 's million-selling `` Fire and Fury , '' which came out in January .
Both books were published by imprints of Macmillan .
Stocks fell by almost a full percentage point last week , but that was n't enough to derail an impressive 2016 for both the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJINDICES : ^DJI ) and the S & P 500 ( SNPINDEX : ^GSPC ) . After the worst start to a year on record , and having touched double-digit declines at one point , the Dow ended up with a 13.5 % annual gain as the S & P added 9.6 % .
Continue Reading Below
^DJI data by YCharts .
The shortened trading week ahead could produce big price swings for investors in PriceSmart ( NASDAQ : PSMT ) , Constellation Brands ( NYSE : STZ ) , and Monsanto ( NYSE : MON ) , as the companies are set to publish fresh quarterly updates on their business trends .
PriceSmart 's Colombian outlook
PriceSmart , which operates membership-style warehouses primarily in Latin America , will post its earnings results on Thursday afternoon , with management 's conference call with investors slated for the following morning . The retailer has struggled to post any growth at all recently , but the expansion trend is looking stronger lately . Comparable-store sales dipped by just 0.2 % in the key shopping month of November , marking a welcome improvement over the prior quarter 's 1.2 % decline .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
This week 's results are likely to be negatively impacted by currency devaluation in the Colombian market . Over the last 12 months , that economic disruption has hurt both sales growth and profits since management has been reluctant to raise prices even as costs spike higher , choosing instead to prioritize market share .
Improving revenue growth would imply an end to that squeeze soon , though . And that would give the company room to slowly bring its Colombian profit margins back in line with those seen in its other , more stable markets .
Monsanto 's profit forecast
Agricultural giant Monsanto is due to post earnings results ahead of the opening bell on Thursday . Its stock has trailed the market slightly in 2016 as operating income slumps under the pressure of weak pricing on many of its core seed products . Execution slip-ups added to that decline last quarter , as a delay of its latest Roundup launch lowered soybean volume and contributed to profitability declines . Over the last nine months , Monsanto 's net profit margin has declined to 14 % of sales from 22 % in the prior-year period .
Image source : Monsanto .
CEO Hugh Grant and his executive team believe cost cuts and product innovation have laid the foundation for a resumption of profit growth in 2017 . In early October , they forecast earnings rising by 5 % to $ 4.70 per share in the upcoming year . Shifts in demand for corn or soybeans could impact that projection even as investors wait for clarity around the proposed merger with German giant Bayer that executives hope will meet regulatory approval on its way to closing by the end of 2017 .
Constellation Brands ' beer volume
Constellation Brands is on a roll heading into its third-quarter earnings release this week . Over the past six months , sales have improved 15 % , and earnings have soared at an even faster pace — up 23 % .
Image source : Constellation Brands .
The company is soaking up market share in the alcoholic beverage industry , especially in the premium imported beer segment . Its Corona Extra and Modelo Especial brands helped the beer division post 20 % higher revenue as strong volume growth met with increasing average prices to send profitability up by 2 percentage points .
Constellation Brands may have trouble keeping that growth pace going in a highly competitive industry . Yet executives are optimistic that beer sales will grow by as much as 17 % this fiscal year , which should power a 17 % profit gain to roughly $ 6.38 per share . In addition to any changes in that outlook , investors will be watching for updates on the company 's recent acquisitions along with news on how its aggressive capacity expansion initiatives are progressing .
10 stocks we like better than Constellation Brands
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Constellation Brands was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7 , 2016 .
Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool recommends PriceSmart . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Over 5,000 TASC Certificates Are Now Ready For Collection
Over 5000 Tai Solarin College of Education , TASCE certificates are now ready for collection . You can now confirm your certificate status online . The Provost of Tai Solarin College of Education , Omu-Ijebu , Dr. Kiadese Lukmon Adeola , has announced after the joint press conference that was held in the council chambers and his office Thursday , 8th June , …
The post Over 5,000 TASC Certificates Are Now Ready For Collection appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Koalas are at risk of destroying their own habitat because they have a unique detox kit which allows them to eat poisonous eucalyptus .
Scientists have found that the marsupials are able to specialize in eating the poisonous plant because they have large numbers of genes active in the liver devoted to detoxification .
This has long given them the advantage of eating the plant which is avoided by their competitors , but it has also left them vulnerable to the loss of their forest habitat .
The discovery was made by a team of 54 researchers who put together a complete genetic blueprint and sequenced more than 3.4 billion “ letters ” making up the koala genetic code .
They were also able to identify more than 26,000 genes – stretches of DNA that provide the instructions for making proteins – and unravelled some of their functions .
The key discovery , published in the latest issue of the journal Nature -Genetics , showed that koala genes produce a range of cytochrome P450 enzymes that break down poisonous compounds . They are what enable the koala to live on a diet of highly toxic eucalyptus leaves , the scientists believe .
Team leader Professor Rebecca Johnson , director of the Australian Museum Research Institute in Sydney , said : “ This probably helped them to find their niche to survive , as they could rely on a food source that would have less competition from other -species who were not able to detoxify as effectively . ”
Her British colleague Dr Will Nash , from the Earlham Institute in Norwich , added : “ The koala has evolved an excellent toolkit to deal with eating highly toxic eucalyptus , one made up of lots of copies of the same , or very similar , tools . ”
The animal is classified as “ vulnerable ” due to habitat loss and disease . Chlamydia and koala retrovirus have severely impacted populations in New South Wales and Queensland .
You know those images of the Zika virus that make it look more like a piece of art than a killer microbe ? The shot that captures a Salmonella bacterium injecting explosive materials into a cell to literally blow it apart ? Those curly ribbon-like structures that turn out to be structures inside a cell that help us hear ?
You can thank the three winners of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for those fascinating images .
A cryo-electron microscopy image of the Zika virus structure . The triangle highlights the asymmetric unit of the virus . Richard Kuhn , Purdue University / Purdue University
“ The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2017 is awarded to Jacques Dubochet , Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson for the development of cryo-electron microscopy , which both simplifies and improves the imaging of biomolecules , ” the Nobel Committee said in announcing the prize Wednesday .
The American , Swiss and British researchers independently solved big problems in capturing pictures of very , very small things .
The images are good for more than just illustrating news stories about killer viruses .
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was award for developing cryo-electro microscopy . Johan Jarnestad / The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Other researchers can use these kinds of images to design drugs that precisely fit into the structures , like a lock and key , to stop infection or to improve a cell 's function .
Related : Gravitational Wave Work Wins Physics Nobel
Other teams had designed x-ray crystallography to image tiny structures , but the process did not work with many living structures .
The three winners figured out how to freeze , preserve and then see live structures , while not getting such tiny things mixed up with the background .
Members of the Nobel Committee : Sara Snogerup Linse , the Secretary General of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences ; Goran Hansson and Peter Brezezinski sit in front of a giant screen displaying the winners of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry : Jacques Dubochet from Switzerland , Joachim Frank from the US and Richard Henderson from Britain Jonathan Nackstrand / AFP - Getty Images
“ By solving more and more structures at the atomic level we can answer biological questions , such as how drugs get into cells , that were simply unanswerable a few years ago , ” said Jim Smith , director of science at Britain 's Wellcome Trust .
“ Now we are there – the sky is the limit , ” the Nobel Committee said in its announcement .
“ Jacques Dubochet , Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson have , through their research , brought ‘ the greatest benefit to ( humankind ) . ' Each corner of the cell can be captured in atomic detail and biochemistry is all set for an exciting future . ”
Related : Nobel Medicine Prize Goes for Body Clock Discoveries
Dubochet , who is Swiss , is an honorary professor of biophysics at the University of Lausanne . He figured out how to cool water so rapidly it turned into a glass , thus allowing an electron microscope 's beams to diffuse evenly and make a clear image .
Frank 's image analysis for 3D structures . Johan Jarnestad / The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Frank was born in Germany but is now a professor of biochemistry and molecular biophysics at Columbia University in New York . Then at the New York health department , he figured out how to make a computer discriminate between the pieces target images , whether a virus or a protein , and whatever was in the background .
This is a three-dimensional image of enterovirus D68 ( center ) reconstructed from cryo-electron micrographs ( background ) . Yue Liu and Michael Rossmann / Purdue University
Scots-born Henderson is a program leader at the Medical Research Council 's Laboratory of Molecular Biology at Britain 's University of Cambridge . He ran test after test using different electron microscopes to make it all work .
Related : Amazing Images May Help Scientists Design Drugs
Earlier this week the Nobel Committee awarded the Medicine prize to three Americans for their work on circadian rhythms – the body clock inside cells – and the Physics prize to U.S. researchers for building giant detectors that measures gravitational waves from the collision of two black holes .
The committee also awards prizes in Economics , Literature and the Nobel Peace Prize .
Buhari Labels Benue Church Killings As ‘ Satanic '
The Nigerian President , Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday condemned the killing of church goers and two priests , at a Catholic church in Ukpor-Mbalom community in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State , as “ vile , evil and satanic. ” Mr. Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity , expressed the President 's opinion in a [ … ]
The post Buhari Labels Benue Church Killings As ‘ Satanic ' appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The right service provider can strengthen your internal support team and help you run at peak efficiency .
The Eisenhower Business Improvement District has generated nearly $ 970,000 since 2015 to improve security as well as landscaping and beautification . The business district is awaiting approval from the Georgia Department of Transportation to install new street lights at four intersections .
FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 . Richard Drew , File AP Photo
THE cream of British Rugby League youth will parade their skills on Sunday ( 8 July ) when the BARLA National Youth Cup Finals take place at the LD Nutrition Stadium , Post Office Road , Featherstone .
The action starts at noon , when Siddal go head-to-head with West Hull in the Under 14s decider .
Halton Farnworth Hornets , of Widnes , and south Leeds outfit Hunslet Warriors , are next up in the Under 16s clash , which kicks off at 1.30pm . And , at 3.10pm , the afternoon reaches the climax with an Under 18s final contested by Blackbrook and Leigh Miners Rangers .
BARLA Chair Sue Taylor said : “ Sunday 's finals are the climax of a journey which began , for all competing clubs , over six months ago .
“ I am sure that , as with all previous finals , there will be some great Rugby League skills displayed by all the sides , which will be great testament to the efforts put in by the players on show , by their coaches , and by all the other volunteers involved .
“ We hope that supporters of the youth and junior game up and down the country can get to the finals and support the players .
“ Under 16s will , as in previous years , be allowed in for free . ”
The programme is :
UNDER 14S : West Hull v Siddal ( noon )
UNDER 16S : Hunslet Warriors v Halton Farnworth Hornets ( 1.30pm )
UNDER 18S : Blackbrook v Leigh Miners Rangers ( 3.10pm )
Admission is £5 ( £3 concessions ) .
A student who was found injured and unconscious in a stairwell in the College 's C Building Jan. 17 has died .
Algonquin president Cheryl Jensen issued a statement to the college community at 3:15 p.m. Feb. 2 .
“ I first want to offer my heartfelt condolences to the family of this student , ” wrote the president . “ I would ask that everyone keep them in their thoughts and prayers . I know our entire Algonquin community , especially this student 's friends , classmates , professors and mentors , will be grieving this terrible loss . I have reached out to the student 's family to offer any assistance our College can provide . ”
She asked that the privacy of the student 's loved ones be respected and the college would not be providing further details .
“ For this reason , I would ask everyone to be mindful of our College values in your interactions , online and in person . ”
She also reminded the community that there are supports in place to help anyone cope with the tragic news .
Officially termed an accident at the time , the cause and the circumstances behind the death remain unknown .
What is known is that emergency crews were called immediately when the accident was discovered just before 4 p.m. on Jan. 17 . The male student was taken to hospital for treatment of injuries .
There is extensive construction going on in and around that area of the college as the new innovation centre takes shape , though there has been no suggestion by the college or police that the accident may be linked to the activity .
Further information will be made available pending the police investigation .
Be prepared to sacrifice your summer - the smash hit ITV2 reality show is coming soon in 2018
Love Island well and truly took over our summers last year , and it 's soon going to be back to do the same again in 2018 .
Advertisement
Here 's everything we know about series four of the smash-hit ITV2 reality show :
When does Love Island 2018 start ?
Love Island 's start date has been CONFIRMED ! Episode one will air on Monday 4th June at 9pm on ITV2 and will launch with an extra-long episode , running until 10.35pm . The show will then continue in the same 9pm slot every day .
Who are the Love Island cast for 2018 ?
The boys and girls heading into the villa have been CONFIRMED and include a doctor , Danny Dyer 's daughter and a boyband star . See a full list of names below – you can click on each one for a full bio :
Laura Anderson
Dani Dyer
Hayley Hughes
Kendall Rae-Knight
Samira Mighty
Niall Aslam
Eyal Booker
Adam Collard
Jack Fincham
Dr Alex George
Wes Nelson
See the full cast and all the latest names and rumours here .
Is there a trailer for Love Island series 4 ?
There is . And it includes all the lingo – and is pretty flipping funny . Check it out here :
How long is Love Island on for ?
RadioTimes.com understands that this series of Love Island will be the show 's longest ever . Series one and two ran for a total of six weeks , and series three was extended to seven weeks . However , if rumours are to be believed , this series will be on ITV2 for a total of eight weeks – making it the longest ever series of Love Island !
Where is the Love Island villa ?
It looks as though the islanders will again be enjoying the delights of the same villa we saw on screen last year . It 's probably going to have a bit of a refurbish , but the bricks , mortar and villa layout are probably going to remain largely the same .
Click here to find out more about where Love Island is filmed .
Last year , seeing the islanders constantly lighting up caused more than a few complaints . So now , ITV have confirmed that this year , the only smoking we 'll see on Love Island will be the sizzling chemistry between the islanders .
An ITV spokesperson said : “ There will be no smoking within the Love Island villa or the villa garden this year . ”
Who 's still together from last year 's Love Island ?
Gabby and Marcel recently parted ways ( noo ! ) , and they 're not the only ones to suffer a split since returning from the villa .
Here 's the latest relationship status of the Love Island couples from 2018 .
What channel is Love Island on ?
Despite Love Island sometimes outperforming ITV in the 9pm slot , the show will be remaining on ITV2 and wo n't be switching to the main channel when it comes back in 2018 .
Who 's presenting Love Island ?
Caroline Flack is returning as presenter of the ITV2 dating show , while Iain Stirling will again be back to narrate all the action .
How do I apply for Love Island 2018 ?
Applications are still open , and here 's everything you need to know about applying for this series . So get grafting and you could be in the actual villa this summer .
What else is new for Love Island this year ?
Love Island is SO huge , it 's now launching its own podcast ! Presented by former islander Kem Cetinay and TV presenter Arielle Free , The Morning After will be dropping six days a week and is set to feature “ exclusive guests , superfans and interviews with the latest dumped islanders . ”
Read more about the new podcast here .
Is Love Island : Aftersun back too ?
It certainly is . The ITV2 spin-off was so popular that it 's again returning this summer , with Caroline Flack hosting the Sunday night show live from Elstree .
Here 's everything we know so far about Aftersun – plus how you can apply for audience tickets !
Advertisement
Love Island returns to ITV2 in 2018
Dele Alli was in a confident mood after his double helped Tottenham thump Watford 4-1 , but hopes his wait for a first Spurs hat-trick ends soon .
The England midfielder has five goals in his last three games after following up his double in the win over Southampton - which was also 4-1 - with another at Vicarage Road .
With the crucial upcoming clash with Chelsea on Wednesday in mind , Alli was substituted by manager Mauricio Pochettino with 30 minutes remaining on Sunday , depriving him the chance of a treble .
It was a move the 20-year-old found frustrating but understandable as Spurs celebrated a fourth straight Premier League victory .
good start to 2017 , happy new year everyone 👍🏽 # COYS pic.twitter.com/KgqOLKIquU — Dele ( @ Dele_Alli ) January 1 , 2017
`` Yeah , definitely [ understood ] , '' he told Sky Sports when asked about his substitution .
`` Obviously everyone wants to be getting goals and after the last game as well - when I got two and did n't get my hat-trick - I was kicking myself a bit .
`` I wanted to get it , but the most important thing is the result .
`` It is good for my confidence . It is always nice to help the team , whether that is scoring goals or setting them up .
`` It was a solid performance from us . After we got that first goal it was a pretty comfortable win in the end .
`` Everyone put a good shift in and it gives us a lot of confidence going into the next game . ''
No better way to start the new year ! Great away win again ! # COYS pic.twitter.com/qo3hNkjp5G — Harry Kane ( @ HKane ) January 1 , 2017
Harry Kane also scored twice and he quickly turned his attention to the match with Chelsea at White Hart Lane , where Spurs are hoping to cut their 10-point deficit to the leaders .
He said : `` It is massive . We know that , everyone knows that .
`` It 's going to be a fantastic atmosphere coming to our place . We are looking forward to it . We just need to recover now and get ready for the game .
`` We just need to go out there and beat Chelsea and stop their form - then hopefully they will drop a few more points . ''
Lucasfilm
Recently , I watched Return of the Jedi for the first time in a while – like , really watched it as opposed to just having it on in the background , which happens far too often than I really want to admit .
Anyway , Return of the Jedi has always bugged me and I 've never been able to fully grasp why . And not for the super-obvious reasons like , “ Harrison Ford phoned in his underwritten role , ” or , “ Ewoks are annoying , ” or , “ They went back to the Death Star well. ” But this time it finally hit me why . And I 'm not going to pretend no one else has written about this , but I 'm writing about it now for my own mental health . I want to get this of my chest and here it is :
Han , Luke , and Leia should have died at least three times in this movie . While the Rebel Alliance took a “ shoot first ” attitude , the Empire 's whole strategy was yelling , “ Freeze ! We got you ! , ” over and over and over again , giving the heroes time to escape over and over again . My gosh , this drives me nuts .
But before we get to the examples , let 's point out that this never happens in the first two films – which is another reason why they are both so great . In Star Wars , there 's never a scene in which our heroes are surrounded and the Empire just lets everyone live for no good reason . Yes , Han , Luke , Leia and Chewbacca are certainly surrounded by troops in the Death Star , but were never “ caught ” before they fought their way out and then were allowed to escape for a greater purpose : to track the Millennium Falcon to the Rebels ' secret hidden base .
In The Empire Strikes Back , Han , Leia , and Chewbacca are captured on Cloud City as they enter a banquet hall expecting dinner . Now , the reason this does n't count either is because ( as you know because you are reading this ) , Vader needs the heroes alive so that he can torture them in an effort to get Luke Skywalker to rescue them – then very bad things happen to them .
Okay , back to Return of the Jedi : Here are all the moments our heroes should have died , but did n't , because the story did n't call for them to die .
Lucasfilm
1 . ) First of all , the whole Jabba 's palace sequence plays out like a Saturday Night Live sketch with character after character showing up , saying some words in front of Jabba , then promptly getting captured . This happens three times . Now , you 'd think with the resources of the Rebel Alliance at their disposal , Leia and Luke and Lando could have just shown up with an army and said , “ Hello , we are taking our friend Han back. ” But , no , they went for “ harebrained scheme ” instead . ( Now , if I remember correctly , the novelization addresses this by insinuating the Empire has a blockade set up around Tatooine in anticipation of a large-scale Rebel rescue attempt . So , fine . )
But , there is a moment when Han , Luke , Chewbacca , and Leia are all captured and could easily have just been killed right there on the spot but , instead , Jabba decided he wants to feed them all to the Sarlacc – which does n't make a whole lot of sense , but does set up a pretty nifty fight scene . But , regardless , our heroes should be dead right here but they are not .
An increasing number of reports of elderly abuse are pouring in to Wood County .
Wednesday , the Wood County Adult Protective Services hosted an event to bring awareness to the situation . This increased awareness is the reason leaders believe more neighbors are reporting this abuse .
`` The elderly population is growing at a very high rate and so those two factors , awareness and the fact that the population is growing so fast accounts for the increase in numbers this year I think ” , said Marc Briseno from the Wood County Adult Protective Services .
It 's usually seniors who struggle with mental or physical problems who are the most vulnerable to this kind of abuse .
Dave Woessner , Wood County Probate Judge , said , `` A situation where they need assistance and you want to make sure the assistance is the right type and someone is n't trying to take advantage of those individuals . ”
Woessner says he sees cases like these in court all of the time .
`` I think as people hear about it perhaps they 're a bit more inclined to reach out to someone and say , you know I do n't know about if Uncle Joe or Aunt Jane , I 'm not quite sure if something is right there ” , said Woessner .
Just like there is child protective services actions , there is the same for adults .
`` They 're actually asking the court saying something is going on here and the court can immediately issue emergency orders to intervene and take steps necessary to protect either the emotional , physical or financial health of an individual ” , said Woessner .
In order to report it though , first , they advise loved ones to be proactive .
`` There are all sorts of signs but the key is to have contact with that person and make sure that they 're okay ” , said Briseno .
Thursday , June 15 , citizens are encouraged to wear purple to support the elderly .
Merseyside Police have announced that a man has been arrested following an assault which took place before Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final against Roma at Anfield .
Reports suggested that a Reds supporter had been attacked before the match , which Liverpool went on to win 5-2 .
Merseyside Police said in a statement : `` We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening .
`` He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives .
`` The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for his injuries . ''
The incident happened at around 7.35pm on Tuesday evening , shortly before kick-off in the match .
Clips posted to Twitter showed clashes between supporters , ambulances in attendance and suggestions that a group of Roma fans had used belts as weapons .
There was an increased police presence around the stadium after Manchester City 's team bus had its windows smashed by bottles and cans prior to the quarter-final earlier this month .
The team arrivals passed with no repeat but there were plenty of red flares despite specific requests from the authorities not to bring such pyrotechnics .
Liverpool fans were even pictured waving flares from the roof of a police van , though with no apparent aggravation .
Liverpool City Council had provided police with mobile CCTV prior to the match .
Your goal is to loot during your journey and , along the way , take down the monstrous creatures who are trying to stop you . You 'll come across enemies with purple tentacles , others who look like a fish made out of steel and bones and drones that shoot bullets at you mercilessly . Naturally , you are the main character in Gunhead after all , so you have a rocket launcher and an automatic weapon to defend yourself . You also have a jetpack , which lets you jump between platforms while you 're inside each spaceship , trying to take down their core and make them implode .
Gunhead feels like a mix of games such as Borderlands or Fallout , and that says a lot about it because at times you forget that this is an indie . It 's just executed well , both visually and in terms of the overall gameplay . Another nice touch is that if you 're having trouble keeping up with your enemies or getting out of a spaceship , you 'll get some assistance from characters claiming to be engineers or scientists , who will help ensure that you make it past each level . Think : Star Fox-like mini-cutscenes .
SASKATOON — A Saskatoon man says he was cut on the forehead and suffered a concussion after an axe came flying through his truck 's windshield .
Mackenzie Peddle says he does n't remember getting hit in the face while he was driving home to Saskatoon from Yorkton , Sask. , earlier this month .
He says when he came to , the truck 's windshield was shattered , there was an axe lying near him and blood was spattered over his face and seats .
Peddle says he must have passed out after somehow managing to pull over to the side of Highway 16 near the community of Plunkett .
The electrician says his foot was on the brake and the truck was still in gear when a passerby approached .
RCMP say they are investigating but have no leads as to where the axe came from .
“ A lady pulled over and woke me up on the side of the road . I did n't really know what happened or how long I 'd been out , ” Peddle told CKOM Radio .
He credits the sunglasses he was wearing for saving his eye from the axe blade .
Peddle said he managed to phone RCMP and take some photos of the damage to his face and truck .
An officer arrived and took his own photos , then drove up and down the highway to see if any other debris had fallen off a vehicle .
“ He went around to the farms and farmhouses , but no one had seen anything , ” Peddle said .
Humboldt RCMP said Tuesday they were looking for the public 's help in the investigation .
Peddle said it 's not the first time something has flown through his windshield while he was driving on the highway .
He said about a decade ago , he was driving his car when a long piece of rebar fell off a truck , bounced off the pavement and pierced the windshield on the driver 's side — missing him by inches .
A week is a long time in soapland , two years a virtual lifetime , but can you recall the mess that Coronation Street was in before Kate Oates took over ? Carla slut-shamed out of Weatherfield , heroines scythed down in their prime ( think Hayley , Tina , Kylie ) , a seen-it-all-before body-under-the-floorboards saga and a dreary minibus crash that left Sinead paralysed for a fortnight . In short , Corrie was hardly covering itself in glory .
Advertisement
Fast-forward to 2018 and Coronation Street is a show transformed . From David 's rape to Phelan 's reign of terror by way of Bethany 's sexual exploitation , it 's once again become talked-about , compelling TV . And yet there 's still dissatisfaction . “ Too dark , say viewers ” . “ Bring back the old Corrie , blast fans ” . And the focal point of this outrage ? Boss Kate Oates who , if some reports are to be believed , has been offering up something close to a hellish ‘ Upside Down ' Stranger Things-style vision of Weatherfield .
Well , with Oates now set to move on , it seems apposite to ask : just what kind of Coronation Street will she be leaving behind ? One too macabre for 7.30pm ? Or a show more relevant to its viewers than the one she inherited ? Well , first up , let 's take Corrie 's current key plotline – the rape of David Platt . Now , rape has been explored on the soap before , most notably when Toyah Battersby was sexually assaulted in 2001 . But back then , Toyah 's rape was queasily plotted as a whodunnit in a misjudged response to EastEnders 's Who Shot Phil ? mystery . Now , call me a killjoy , but I 'd much rather see David wrestle with his emotions than play Spot the Rapist . Seems to me that what we have now is a far more mature take on highly sensitive subject matter .
Then there 's the supposed lack of humour – Phelan 's killing spree accused of having robbed Corrie of the wry comedy that once set it apart from its rivals . Here , the critics may have a point . Oates herself has admitted that she favours a “ darker ” storyline and that she is n't a fan of what she calls “ comedy strands ” . But the laughs are still there should you choose to look for them : Mary 's flights of fancy , Gemma 's zingers and Sally 's Malapropisms all sprinkled through an average episode , even though they 're not always in focus . And a one-liner is never going to the hit the headlines in the same way as Phelan shooting Luke dead is bound to do .
All of which brings us on to the big baddie at the centre of Oates 's tenure on Corrie , the man who made Parky “ recoil ” and who had 541 viewers registering concern to Ofcom . But did Patrick James Phelan push things too far ? Well , in a sense yes , in that he murdered quite a few people . But Alan Bradley once tried to suffocate Rita with a pillow , Jez Quigley savaged Steve McDonald in a multi-storey car park and Richard Hillman drove the Platt family into a canal . And I do n't remember fans threatening to storm the gates of Granada back then .
The reason , I think , for the outcry over Phelan is due to the amount of time we 've spent in his company . A killer on the Street is n't a new concept , but six episodes a week of Corrie is . Back when Alan Bradley was subjecting a certain flame-haired former chanteuse to a campaign of vicious intimidation , Coronation Street was broadcasting just twice a week . We 're now living in a different world , one where ITV has become increasingly reliant on Corrie , Emmerdale and Simon Cowell for both ratings and advertising revenue . For Coronation Street , there 's a demand for cliffhangers and lots of them : how else to lure fans back in for the second episode of the evening and then again for the double bill airing later in the week ? In this kind of TV landscape , pithy observational comedy will only get you so far . For better or worse , it seems that ITV would much rather have you on the edge of your seat than sitting back smiling at a honed joke .
But amid such pressures , Oates has still been able to effect so much positive change . Tracy is no longer solely defined by her hatred for Carla . Kate and Rana have become a fan-favourite couple . Bethany 's drama brought in a new generation of viewers who were rooting for her to extricate herself from the clutches of evil pimp Nathan . Narcissistic , psychopathic ( and dare I say it , hypnotic ) Pat Phelan has truly become a villain for our times . Oh , and strong women are no longer being slaughtered just for the sake of it . Which is always a bonus .
True , Coronation Street is no longer the nostalgic land of lost content that it was . And yes , the dramatic peaks jangle nerves with more frequency than they once did . But in an age where viewers can easily opt to spend their evenings with Breaking Bad on Netflix , Corrie faces the tough task of keeping pace or being regarded as an irrelevance . A producer 's job is to keep Corrie both up to date and affectionate : a big ask in our hardened , unsentimental society , especially in a pre-watershed timeslot . But what Kate Oates did is make us care about Coronation Street again . Why else would fans be rallying round # Kana on Twitter or getting agitated about Phelan ? Whether you agreed with her storylines or not , Oates putting her characters through the emotional wringer has proven just how much the residents of a grimy northern backstreet still mean to millions of people .
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week 's drama on Coronation Street below . Beneath that , there 's our Week in Weathefield review show
Advertisement
And visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
Grantham and Stamford MP Nick Boles may not stand in the forthcoming general election , as he battles a cancerous tumour in his head .
The Conservative MP told this newspaper this afternoon that he will discuss his options with family and colleagues before making a decision on whether to stand .
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May made a shock announcement this morning in a press conference outside 10 Downing Street of her intention to hold a general election on June 8 . Parliament has yet to agree the move – a vote will be held in the House of Commons tomorrow ( Wednesday ) .
Mr Boles said : “ I fully support Theresa May 's decision to hold an election , and I think that it is right to secure that mandate from the country as we head in to the Brexit negotiations .
“ On a personal level , I will be talking over the coming days to family and colleagues to make a decision , which I will announce in due course . ”
Mr Boles was elected into the Grantham and Stamford seat in 2010 and went on to become Planning Minister in 2012 , then Minister of State for Skills and Equalities until June 2016 .
He announced in October last year that doctors had found a cancerous tumour in his head and he has since undergone several rounds of chemotherapy . He successfully battled Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2007 .
Microsoft is in full-on damage control mode after Consumer Reports removed its recommendation of Surface laptop and tablet products last week . According to a purportedly leaked internal memo , the company acknowledges the issues that its Surface products have had , but executives say the main criticisms have been resolved .
Published on 10 August , the Consumer Reports survey was based on responses from 90,000 tablet and laptop owners . Among the most troubling findings , the data estimated that 25 per cent of buyers would encounter “ problems ” within the first two years of owning a Surface product . The Microsoft Surface Laptop ( 128GB and 256GB versions ) and Microsoft Surface Book ( 128GB and 512GB versions ) all lost their recommended status . Widespread reports of frozen machines , unexpected shutdowns , and unresponsive touchscreens were key factors in the downgrade of Consumer Reports rating .
Microsoft immediately shot down the survey 's finding , and in a blog post , Microsoft 's devices chief Panos Panay wrote , “ While we respect Consumer Reports , we disagree with their findings ... Both our predicted 1-2-year failure and actual return rates for Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book are significantly lower than 25 percent . ”
But an internal memo seen by well-sourced tech journalist Paul Thurrott shows Panay being a bit more willing to admit the company 's failures . According to Thurrott , Panay mentions that the Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 had “ some quality issues ” when they launched but he believes those problems have been addressed since . “ These improvements were unfortunately not reflected in the results of this [ Consumer Reports ] survey , ” he told his colleagues .
( A Microsoft spokesperson told Gizmodo that the company will not be commenting on this story . )
Panay says that internal testing shows that the improvements that Microsoft has made since launch have significantly lowered return rates . The company conducts “ rigorous reliability testing during development to forecast failure and return rates , which are then continually viewed against [ real world data ] post-launch , ” the memo says . For what it 's worth , this is an alleged chart of new return statistics based on Microsoft 's own data :
Image : Microsoft
It 's totally unsurprising that Panay 's internal comments paint a rosier picture of the company 's track record . Elsewhere in the memo he writes , “ [ We ] have put together a comprehensive set of data that reflects the strength of our quality and our customer sentiment , and will be working with partner organisations , including marketing , retail , and sales , to share that information broadly. ” Getting this internal data out into the public is obviously a high priority for the company . This leaked memo contains just a slightly more detailed take on Panay 's initial blog post . In this day and age , an internal correspondence could give Microsoft 's talking points that extra level of credibility that jaded consumers are looking for .
Also , keep in mind that Thurrott says the Surface team initially blamed Intel 's Skylake hardware for the performance issues . Thurrott 's sources say that Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella proceeded to meet with Lenovo executives last year and ask how they were dealing with Skylake problems and no one knew what he was talking about . Apparently , Microsoft 's custom drivers and settings were the real sources of trouble . Given the reporting that even Nadella was in the dark on what was going on with the Surface line , it seems likely that Panay could be skating on thin ice .
Microsoft 's earnings have been strong lately , in part due to the expansion of its cloud service . But indications that its nearly five-year effort to push into the hardware market is n't working would almost certainly cause jitters among investors .
Will placing the blame on others and later saying that everything 's a-OK now help improve the reputation of Surface products ? [ Thurrott via The Verge ]
More Microsoft Posts :
Claire and Jamie found themselves in a very interesting position in the season three finale , so what does the future hold for them ?
* * DO NOT READ ON IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE LATEST EPISODE OF OUTLANDER * *
Advertisement
Outlander ‘ s third season came to a soaking wet finale , as Claire and Jamie found themselves floating in open water after the merciless tide battered the Artemis on its return journey from Jamaica to Scotland . They lost the boat and Claire very nearly lost her life before her highlander husband dove beneath the waves to save her .
The pair were washed up on a mysterious shore , which they soon learned was actually Georgia , one of the original thirteen colonies of the United States .
But what does this mean for our laird and his lady ? Will they EVER get back to Scotland ?
Let 's talk Outlander season four…
What 's going to happen in Outlander season four ?
Outlander 's fourth season will mostly be based on Diana Gabaldon 's fourth novel in the series , The Drums of Autumn . The book sees Claire and Jamie facing new challenges as they attempt to build a new life for themselves in the American colonies .
Caitriona Balfe tells RadioTimes.com that this new setting is particularly interesting for Claire , who has already lived in the USA , but in the 20th century . “ When she left America it was at the height of the civil rights movement and so it 's a very interesting thing to have her come at the inception of the United States of America , as we know it today , ” she says .
The country Claire and Jamie find themselves in is a very different place , where slavery still exists and the first settlers are interacting with the Native American tribes .
“ It 's very interesting to watch her wrap her mind around how to be a pioneer but also knowing what she knows and having the respect she does for the Native American culture , ” Balfe adds . “ It definitely is n't without its problems and issues and having her figure out how to be a respectful pioneer I suppose . So yeah it 's an interesting thing to play . ”
She says season four , like each season before it , will offer viewers something different . “ It 's interesting to watch how all of these characters embrace the new land and all of the trials and tribulations that come along with that as well as the excitement , and that kind of new beginning is really exciting to get on board with . ”
Who 's in the cast of Outlander season four ?
Well , so far , we know Sam Heughan , Caitriona Balfe and the gang ( or rather those of them who were still alive at the end of season three ) will ALL be returning and we have some fresh faces joining the cast to play new characters too .
Irish actress Maria Doyle Kennedy ( who you might remember as Catherine of Aragon in The Tudors or , more recently , Mrs S from Orphan Black ) has been cast as the newest member of the Fraser clan . She 'll play Jamie 's Aunt Jocasta , whose plantation Claire and Jamie arrive at in Drums of Autumn .
Downton Abbey 's Ed Speelers ( who also played Eragon in , well , Eragon ) will star as Stephen Bonnet , a villainous Irish-born pirate whose actions will have quite important consequences for many of the main characters .
And to really up the cute levels on set , they 've also cast two very sweet little puppies to play Rollo , a wolf hybrid who also becomes a much-loved member of the Fraser clan .
Will Brianna and Roger return ?
Season three offered us a proper introduction to Claire and Jamie 's daughter , Brianna , and the Reverend Wakefield 's adopted son , Roger MacKenzie . The pair were only on our screens for a short time but managed to steal hearts with their will-they-won't-they romance .
If season four stays true to The Drums of Autumn then fans are in for a real treat , because Brianna and Roger have a much bigger role to play in the story .
“ They actually come into the story in a much bigger way in season four , ” executive producer Ron Moore told RadioTimes.com earlier this year , and that 's something actors Sophie Skelton and Richard Rankin told us they 're VERY excited about .
“ The scope really widens in Drums of Autumn . It 's a brilliant book and it just becomes much bigger ; not just for us but as a whole , the story as a whole just becomes epic , ” said Rankin , who added that he had no idea how the writers would manage to fit the whole novel into one season .
“ There 's a really great story for Roger and Brianna , and we may or may not go back in time in the books… ” Skelton teased .
When does filming on Outlander season four begin ?
Filming on Outlander season four is already underway ! The team are hard at work bringing North Carolina to life in Scotland , and the cast certainly seem to be having a whale of a time .
Belated Thanksgiving everyone … I 'm late as yesterday I was busy being basted and wrapped in foil .. # poorturkeys # season4 😘 # snowjoke pic.twitter.com/OgXue3H6qo — Caitriona Balfe ( @ caitrionambalfe ) November 24 , 2017
Caitiriona Balfe tells RadioTimes.com that she 'll be filming until June , so there 's plenty of work to be done between now and then .
When will Outlander season four air ?
Outlander season four will air on Starz in the USA and be available to stream on Amazon Prime Video in the UK from November 2018 .
How many episodes will there be in Outlander season four ?
Season four will be 13 episodes long .
Will Outlander return for a fifth season ?
Advertisement
Seasons three and four of the show were commissioned at the same time and Starz have followed that same pattern by confirming that yes , Outlander WILL return for seasons five and six !
AWS GovCloud ( US ) is an isolated AWS Region designed to help US government agencies and highly regulated organizations meet their compliance needs , including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) and Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program ( FedRAMP ) . AWS GovCloud ( US ) makes it safe and easy to move sensitive data and regulated IT workloads to the cloud , through its adherence to numerous compliance and regulatory requirements . Join us to learn about AWS GovCloud ( US ) and how AWS can do the heavy lifting for your government agency or regulated enterprise .
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) .
By TERRANCE HARRISAssociated Press
ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP ) - A UCF football player may have to choose between continuing to play college football and building his brand on YouTube .
Sophomore kicker Donald De La Haye said in a video he may have to decide whether to remain with the Knights football team or pursue his passion as a YouTube personality after meeting with the school 's compliance office last week . He could be violating NCAA rules by receiving money from the advertising revenue off his YouTube videos that chronicle his life as a college student and as a college football player .
De La Haye has nearly 56,000 subscribers on YouTube and his latest video detailing his battle to keep his channel going had 113,042 views as of Wednesday afternoon . YouTube pays video creators a percentage of the ad revenue profits .
De La Haye , who could not be reached for comment on Wednesday , discussed his dilemma in his most recent YouTube video posted on Monday .
`` Some people upstairs are n't happy with my videos and they like I 'm in violation of NCAA rules and whatnot , '' De La Haye said in the video . `` I do n't understand but who am I to say what is in the rulebook and what is not . ''
The school released a vague statement Wednesday , leaving it unclear whether De La Haye can continue publishing his videos .
`` UCF athletics is committed to rule compliance , '' the statement read . `` Our compliance staff strives to make sure our student-athletes are informed about all pertinent NCAA bylaws . ''
A person with knowledge of the situation said that De La Haye was not told in last week 's meeting that he has to discontinue making the video . The person was told the meeting was the first in a series of discussions that the player will have with the compliance office . The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because details of the meeting with De La Haye have not been publicly released .
The NCAA referred all comments to UCF , saying that it has not received a waiver from the school in regards to the matter .
NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from profiting from their likeness or status as student-athletes because it violates amateur guidelines . NCAA bylaw 12.4.4 regarding self-employment states a student-athlete may establish his or her own business , provided the student-athlete 's name , photograph , appearance or athletics reputation are not used to promote the business .
De La Haye , a marketing major , said in that video posted Monday that he created the channel as a way to further his career . He went on to say it is means to make a little extra money , money the Costa Rica native said his family needs .
`` Basically , I 'm not allowed to make any money off my YouTube videos , '' he said . `` So I 'm working hard - basically like a job filming , editing , creating ideas - and I 'm not allowed to make any money . And if I do bad things will happen . ''
De La Haye , who seems to have a huge personality in the videos he creates , begins the video discussing his dilemma and an impending meeting with a school compliance worker in between taking bites of a hamburger . With a use of a time lapse element , later in the 10:39 video he discusses the meeting with the compliance worker and he says he is disappointed with the decision he believes he must now make .
`` I feel like they are making me pick between my passion and what I love to do , make videos , entertain and be creative and my other passion playing football , '' said De La Haye , a kickoff specialist who appeared all 13 of the Knights games last season . `` I 've really got some decisions to make and not a lot of time to make those decisions . ''
___
More college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
2:05
Tonya Jameson held at gunpoint by off-duty cop as she picks up new SUV
GTBank gives customer Porsche as reward
Guaranty Trust Bank Plc has given one of its customer , Abdulkareem Buhari , a new Porsche car as a reward for being the winner of the Porsche 911 Giveaway Draw for Platinum Banking Customers .
The bank 's platinum rewards for its customers , is in recognition of the product as a niche segment that enjoys premium products and dedicated services such as access to personal banking lounges , fast track banking services , Platinum MasterCards and specialised credit facilities as well as higher transaction limits on alternative channels .
Abdulkareem , a trader in Kaduna , won the brand new Porsche 911 Carrera after a raffle draw held on December 21 , 2016 , at the Corporate Head Office of Guaranty Trust Bank in Lagos .
“ I am incredibly excited and immensely grateful to GTBank for such an amazing gift , ” said Abdulkareem , as he received the keys to his new Porsche from the Managing Director of GTBank , Segun Agbaje .
“ The GTBank Porsche 911 Giveaway Draw is our special way of expressing our utmost gratitude to our customers for making our success possible .
“ As a bank that 's committed to creating memorable experiences , we are excited at how happy we have made one of our most loyal customers and we will continue to ensure that our customers the excellent service and best in-class financial solutions that they deserve , ” Agbaje said .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON — More than 400 schools in the U.K. received a hoax bomb threat email on Monday , police said , as they reassured parents that their children were safe .
“ Nationally , more than 400 schools and colleges have received emails claiming a device has been planted and demanding cash , ” the Humberside Police Department said in a statement . Humberside is in northeast England .
“ Please do n't worry — the threat is not believed to be credible , ” the department tweeted .
We have had a number of calls this morning about a bomb hoax at many of our region 's schools . All of the schools have been spoken to and there is not believed to be any viable threats # ProudToProtect pic.twitter.com/iGafyMfAvx — Northumbria Police ( @ northumbriapol ) March 19 , 2018
The email is believed to have come from the U.S. , the Northumbria Police tweeted , adding that they have visited schools to reassure them that there 's no danger .
Police departments up and down England , including London , North Yorkshire , Northumbria , Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire , reported schools in their area has also received the threat .
“ At this stage there is no evidence to suggest that this is terror-related , ” the Metropolitan Police in London said .
Police departments are investigating the threats in their individual areas with no national law enforcement body coordinating the response at the moment .
Ngāti Awa iwi is in mourning , following the loss of Eric Eria Mohi Penetito of Ngā Maihi in Te Teko , Bay of Plenty . He was 90 years old .
He and his wife , Mere , taught at Te Kura o Te Teko for over 30 years and led the way to establishing Te Kōhanga Reo o Te Teko .
He had an active involvement with Te Rūnanga o Ngāti Awa and both were members of the Ngāti Awa Kaumatua Council and helped Ngāti Awa during its Waitangi Tribunal settlement .
His body is lying in state at Tuteao Marae . On Thursday , he will be buried next to his wife , Mere , at Matariua Cemetery , adjacent to the Rangitaiki River .
Richardson got his start in the early 1990s , when he lucked into a job as the host of “ Football Italia , ” the first show to air Italian domestic soccer in Britain , after Paul Gascoigne , the mercurial English midfielder who had agreed to be the presenter , stopped turning up for work . ( Like a natural-born striker , he has a gift for being in the right place at the right time . ) The show 's linking sequences , which featured Richardson eating elaborate desserts and reading the newspaper in sun-dazzled piazzas , gave it an unbuttoned , off-duty feel . Instead of treating soccer like a blood sport , he assumed the attitude of an aesthete , savoring ironies , tracking subplots on and off the field and in general doing his best to show the viewer a good time . You can still hear the warmth and languor of Italy in Richardson 's voice .
Given all these deviations from the norm , it might be tempting to call Richardson an anti-pundit , but that sounds altogether too effortful for a man who embodies the ideal of sprezzatura . “ Pundit-satirist ” might be nearer the mark , for Richardson 's distinct charm lies in his recognition of the inherent absurdity of what he does for a living . Most people who get paid to talk about soccer in public — to trot out the old chestnuts about players taking their chances and giving 110 percent — deliver their opinions in a tone pitched somewhere between that of an irascible headmaster and a time-strapped auctioneer . Richardson , by contrast , speaks with the breezy spontaneity of someone who knows that nothing , or nothing more serious than entertainment , is really at stake . It is not that he lacks passion — his speech crackles with exclamations of delight : “ Woof ! ” “ Wow ! ” “ Mmmm ! ” “ Tasty ! ” Rather , to adapt a phrase of Geoff Dyer 's , he has mastered the trick of sounding 100 percent ironic and 100 percent sincere at the same time .
In all likelihood , this year 's World Cup final will turn out to be another low-scoring foul-fest , like Italy '90 or U.S.A. '94 or South Africa 2010 — or come to think of it , just about every final I have been alive to witness — but , as of this writing , I can still dream of a 4-3 victory for England over Portugal , in which Harry Kane scores the winning goal , a bicycle kick from the edge of the penalty area , in the last minute of extra time and Cristiano Ronaldo is sent off for repeated diving , starts to cry and then trips over his feet as he walks from the field . Whatever happens , it is comforting to know that Richardson will be there at the final whistle with his quips and puns to put the whole harrying joy of soccer fandom into perspective and ease the arrival of the footballing winter to come .
Have your say
Lewis Grabban insists he did n't fall out with Sunderland - and that Chris Coleman 's claim that he wanted to leave was 'untrue ' .
Grabban 's season-long loan spell at the Stadium of Light was cut short last month , with the player returning to parent club Bournemouth .
Black Cats boss Coleman had a dig at the 29-year-old following his departure , saying : `` I only wish to work with players who want to be here and work hard for Sunderland .
“ Lewis informed us of his desire to leave and we wish him well . ”
But Grabban insists he was happy at Sunderland and did n't want to leave , but the two clubs agreed for him to return to the South Coast .
Bournemouth had hoped to sell Grabban in the transfer window , but ended up just sending him out on loan again to Aston Villa .
“ There was a little bit of interest from them ( Wolves ) to begin with but they went onto something else , ” Grabban told the Birmingham Mail .
“ I was called back with the indication that Bournemouth were going to sell me but that did n't happen .
“ There was also interest from elsewhere but Villa was the club I chose .
“ As for Sunderland , I thought it was a good time .
“ In the press it came out that I wanted to go back . That 's not true .. I was playing week in , week out and scoring goals , who would n't be happy ?
“ The clubs agreed what they agreed and that was that .
“ I 'm pleased it has worked out this way because I 'm now here at Villa . ''
Grabban bagged 12 goals in the first half of the season for Sunderland .
Visitors to one of Wales ' biggest food festivals , Mold Food & Drink Festival , are in for a culinary feast with a two day programme of demonstrations and masterclasses by top celebrity and local chefs .
Mold Food & Drink Festival returns to the town on Saturday 16th and Sunday 17th September . Renowned as one of the best food lovers ' festivals in Wales , over 13,000 people attended last year and organisers are anticipating similar numbers again .
Over the years , the large cookery theatre has hosted an impressive number of celebrity and local chefs , and this year is no exception with top names from the culinary world appearing on both days .
Headlining the programme of events on Sunday at Mold Food & Drink Festival is French chef , Jean-Christophe Novelli . The multi-Michelin star and 5/5 AA Rosette chef is famous worldwide for his incredible cooking artistry and unique healthy cooking techniques .
As an author of several cookery books , Jean-Christophe is passionate about passing on his knowledge to others . This led him to open his own cookery school , The Novelli Academy , which been voted amongst the ‘ Top 25 Cookery Schools in the World . '
He has catered for Heads of State , Royalty and well-known personalities around the world and is one of only three chefs ever to have been awarded an Honorary Doctor of Arts for his thirty years of dedication to his craft and outstanding achievements in cooking .
Jean-Christophe 's television work includes appearances on Hell 's Kitchen , The Jonathon Ross Show , and A League of their Own . Most recently he has featured in the new ITV show , Culinary Genius , created by Gordon Ramsay .
On Saturday , the acclaimed food writer and TV baker Jo Wheatley takes to the stage for three baking masterclasses . Jo 's career took off after winning the second series of one of television 's most popular baking shows . Since then she has set up a cookery school which was listed in The Guardian 's Top Five UK Baking Schools , written two top-selling baking books , and appeared on numerous television programmes and at live food events across the UK , including the Good Food Show , The Cake and Bake Show , and Ideal Home Show . Her successful blog , Jo 's Blue AGA , covers all things baking and cooking and attracts a huge following .
Also on Saturday , the Festival 's ever popular , award-winning celebrity chef , Graham Tinsley MBE , will share his culinary expertise with the audience .
Graham is the executive chef at Carden Park Hotel , Spa and Golf Resort in Cheshire and heads up the North Wales Culinary Guild , comprising some of the best chefs from across the region .
He was awarded an MBE by the Queen for his services to the Welsh food industry and he is often asked to cook for the Queen and members of the Royal family at state occasions .
John Les Tomos , Festival Chairman said : “ We are delighted to welcome , yet again , some great names to the Festival . Every year the celebrity and local chefs provide entertaining and creative cookery demonstrations for our visitors and this year I think we have a particularly exciting line with lots of variety .
“ We 're gearing up for an even bigger and better Festival for this year , with a record number of food and drink exhibitors , street food , live music and the children 's cookery theatre . There will
also be new interactive demos by local producers including sausage making , apple pressing and candle rolling .
“ We 're looking forward to welcoming everyone to our twelfth festival , it 's going to be a fantastic weekend ! ”
The full cookery theatre timetable , including details of local chefs appearing over the weekend , is now available to view on the website .
Doors open to the public from 10am-8pm on Saturday ( exhibitors close at 5.30pm . Outdoor entertainment , food and drink open until 8pm ) and 10am-5pm on Sunday . Tickets cost £7 for adults , £3 for children ( aged 4-13 , under 3s free ) , and £15 for a family of 2 adults and 2 children . Park & Ride service available . – 50p/car , Ride Free .
For full Festival details visit www.moldfoodfestival.co.uk
Mold Food & Drink Festival 2017 is supported by Flintshire County Council , Mold Town Council and MPH Construction .
John Andrews , a former editor and foreign correspondent for The Economist , is the author of The World in Conflict : Understanding the World 's Troublespots .
PARIS – This June , Bahrain , Egypt , Libya , the Maldives , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Yemen cut diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar . This Gulf crisis will , one way or another , come to an end . But whether that end will be good for the chief instigator of the crisis , Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ( MBS ) , remains to be seen .
An extreme but unlikely solution to the crisis could come in the form of military-enforced regime change , whereby the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani , would be replaced by a more pliant member of the Al-Thani family . In a more likely scenario , Qatar may stop providing sanctuary for a few members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas , and discreetly promise to rein in Al Jazeera , its state-funded television network , which broadcasts throughout the region .
In the latter scenario , diplomats from Kuwait and Oman , who are mediating the dispute , would hold themselves up as peacemakers , and MBS would claim to be a statesman . Western governments worried about the price of oil and the future of America 's Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar would rest easier , at least until the next Gulf crisis . But if MBS continues to pursue headstrong policies , and Qatar keeps using its oil wealth to punch above its weight in regional politics , such a crisis may not be all that far off .
The latest Saudi-Qatari contretemps is hardly an example of the “ Thucydides trap , ” in which an incumbent hegemon is tempted to suppress a rival whose power is approaching its own . Saudi Arabia is host to around 32 million people , one-third of whom are foreign workers ; Qatar is host to just 2.6 million people , 90 % of whom are foreign .
Instead , at the heart of the matter is a semi-paranoid conviction among Saudi Arabia 's Sunni Arab leaders that Iran – which is predominantly Shia and non-Arab – is vying for superpower status in the Middle East . The Saudis are convinced that Qatar is aiding Iran in this quest , even though Qatar 's leaders share the Saudis ' Wahhabi brand of Islam .
Of course , Saudi Arabia has some grounds for suspicion . After the Iranian Revolution in 1979 , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini advocated revolution throughout the Muslim world . A generation later , Iran has a foothold in Iraq , Lebanon , Syria , and Yemen , where it is helping Houthi rebels disrupt MBS 's ill-considered foray into that country . And now that Saudi Arabia has imposed a blockade on Qatar , Iran has come to the country 's aid , delivering food and allowing Qatar Airways to use its airspace .
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities . Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of King Salman , has he bitten off more than he can chew ?
MBS has been Saudi Arabia 's minister of defense since January 2015 . But Saudi Arabia 's war in Yemen , now two years old , has become a humanitarian disaster , complete with a naval blockade that has led to widespread famine and 500,000 cases of cholera .
Meanwhile , in the civil war in Syria , the Saudis ( and the Qataris ) have backed several unsavory Islamist groups , but still have not managed to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . In the region 's balance of power , the Saudi-sponsored anti-Assad alliance – with America providing air support – pales in comparison to the alliance that Assad 's Shia-affiliated Alawite regime has made with Iran and Russia .
MBS is facing even greater challenges at home . As the world 's petro-state par excellence , Saudi Arabia has long mollified the Saudi populace with dollops of welfare spending . Meanwhile , it has sustained the Wahhabi clerical establishment 's loyalty by keeping social changes to a minimum . But with oil prices remaining relatively low , the Kingdom can no longer rely on its traditional policy of buying friends and buying off enemies .
To his credit , MBS recognizes that things must change . Saudi Arabia 's financial reserves are diminishing , and younger Saudis – whose numbers have quadrupled in the past 30 years – want more freedoms , and will need jobs outside of the oil sector . To address these issues , MBS came up with “ Vision 2030 , ” a bold but not necessarily realistic plan to diversify the economy , privatize part of the national oil company , Aramco , and expand the private sector . In addition , MBS apparently has a plan to create hedonistic tourist resorts to rival those of Dubai .
Given the problems abroad and grumbling at home , where some in the Saudi royal family resent his meteoric ascent , MBS now needs to prove that he has the maturity and experience to lead . Here , he may receive help from an unlikely source . At the end of July , MBS hosted Muqtada al-Sadr , the leader of Iraq 's most powerful Shia militia , for his first visit to Saudi Arabia since 2006 . And earlier this year , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi paid a visit to Saudi Arabia , just after the Saudi foreign and energy ministers made trips to Baghdad .
These trips – the first such delegations between the two countries in decades – suggest that Iraq and Saudi Arabia might be forging a new , mutually beneficial relationship . With closer ties to Saudi Arabia , Iraq 's leaders could free themselves from Iran 's overbearing grip on their decision-making , leverage Saudi Arabia 's influence over Iraq 's Sunni tribes , and procure Saudi investments to rebuild Mosul following its recapture from the Islamic State ( ISIS ) .
Saudi Arabia , for its part , stands to gain from Iraq 's success against ISIS , a sworn enemy of the House of Saud , and from its help in calming Shia dissent in Saudi Arabia 's oil-rich eastern province . At the same time , MBS would be able to portray himself as a strategic thinker who is capable of bridging old Arab divides , and limiting Iran 's influence in the region .
Still , many questions remain . It is unclear when the disastrous operation in Yemen will end , or whether Iran and Turkey will continue undermining the blockade on Qatar . And it remains to be seen if Qatar will cave to Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states ' demands – especially the call for Al Jazeera to be shut down .
In any case , none of these developments seems imminent , so the 31-year-old crown prince will have to learn to temper his impetuosity . As the Arab proverb puts it , patience is the key to happiness .
BINGHAMTON , N.Y. ( AP ) - Mets closer Jeurys Familia pitched an inning for Double-A Binghamton on Monday as he prepares to return from a 15-game suspension under Major League Baseball 's domestic violence policy .
Familia worked a 1-2-3 sixth inning against Portland in his first appearance this season , throwing six of his nine pitches for strikes . He is eligible to return to New York 's roster Thursday , when the team wraps a three-game home series against Philadelphia .
Familia 's suspension stems from an altercation with his wife last fall . He was arrested Oct. 31 on a simple assault charge , but prosecutors later dropped the case . Under the domestic violence policy , a player can be disciplined absent a criminal conviction
Familia can participate in up to six minor league games while serving the penalty .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Onitsha traders relocate to N4bn new market
From David Onwuchekwa , Nnewi
Traders under the auspices of Onitsha Aluminium And Allied Dealers Technical Association ( OAADTA ) , Onitsha , Anambra State , said they would soon relocate to their new ultra-modern market site worth over N4 billion at Ogbunike in Oyi Local Government Area of the state .
Announcing this at the market when executive members of the association and other traders visited the project to know the level of work already done , Chairman of the association , Chief Ifeanyi Okeke , said the modern market with more than 2,000 stalls was over 50 per cent completed .
Okeke , however , said the major challenge facing traders at the new market site was access road that would enable them transport their goods from source and deliver to their customers after transactions . He appealed to Governor Willie Obiano to come to the rescue of the traders .
Okeke explained that the reason for the traders ' relocation from their present site at Oguta Road in Onitsha was the fact that the area had become so congested that it could no longer accommodate the number of traders that increased from time to time .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A THOUSAND OAKS – Tavon Austin has moved from fuzzy to foam , and next month he hopes to show the Rams that he can catch pigskin balls , and that he can do so consistently .
It 's been a frustrating offseason for Austin , who needs to quickly prove to new coach Sean McVay that he can be a big-play threat in the Rams ' offense , and that the team can count on him to live up to the massive contract extension he signed last year . Instead , Austin mostly has been a spectator .
After wrist surgery in April , Austin has been a devoted attendee to all the Rams ' offseason-program meetings and practices , which ended Wednesday at Cal Lutheran , but he hopes to be able to fully participate when training camp opens in July , and not just do hand-eye coordination exercises .
“ I graduated from tennis balls to Nerf balls , but I 'm hanging in there and I 'm definitely putting the time in , ” Austin said after Wednesday 's mini-camp practice .
Once he returns to the field , where will Austin fit in the Rams ' offense , or will he fit at all ?
The former No . 8 overall draft pick signed a four-year , $ 42 million contract last August , but in four NFL seasons , Austin had yet to total more than 58 catches , 509 yards or five touchdowns .
That 's extremely cost-inefficient in a salary-cap scenario , and the Rams know it . A year from now , they have the ability to trade Austin with a cap hit of only $ 1 million , so this is a prove-it season for Austin .
“ At the end of the day , it will play itself out , ” Austin said . “ In OTAs and mini-camp , these ( teammates ) have been balling . For the most part , it is n't really about me . If I 'm in the rotation , I 'm in the rotation . If not , I 'll still support the guys like I am in the rotation . I will get my turn , and I 'll definitely make the best of it . ”
Perhaps the Rams simply have n't been using Austin in the proper way .
Austin 's size ( 5-foot-8 , 176 pounds ) seemingly limit his role , but previous coach Jeff Fisher and his long list of offensive coordinators seemed to use Austin as something of a gadget player .
Most of Austin 's touches came on short passes , on slants or screens , or on sweeps out of the backfield . The thought , somewhat reasonable , was that Austin could use his speed to turn small plays into big ones .
It did n't really work . In 2016 , Austin was targeted on 107 of the Rams ' 536 pass plays , but he caught only 58 passes and averaged only 8.8 yards per reception .
McVay and offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur have different ideas for Austin . They 've talked , informally , about using him more as a traditional deep threat , the way McVay , as Washington 's offensive coordinator , used DeSean Jackson .
Or perhaps Austin could emulate Jamison Crowder , a more consistent target who led Washington with seven receiving touchdowns last season . Either way , the onus is on Austin to show the Rams he can thrive in a variety of downfield routes .
“ I 'm just the type of guy who , I want the ball in my hands any type of way , ” Austin said . “ I do n't care if you give it to me vertically or jet sweeps or whatever . It does n't really matter to me . I just want the ball in my hands , any time I can get it . Whatever they prepare for me , I 'll be ready . ”
The process has been slowed . Austin said he could n't recall exactly how he hurt his wrist , but he was only able to participate in three offseason practices before surgery .
McVay said he expects all Rams , including Austin , to be able to participate when training camp opens in Irvine on July 29 . That means Austin will have approximately six weeks , before the Sept. 10 season opener , to show he deserves a major role in the offense .
“ I 've just got to come in and execute it now , however they 're going to use me , ” Austin said . “ If they 're going to use me like the old DeSean or the old Crowder , I 'm definitely up for the challenge . Whenever I get back out there , I 'll definitely do my thing . ”
DONE EARLY
The Rams had been scheduled for a third and final mini-camp practice Thursday , but McVay called it off Wednesday , apparently as a pleasant surprise to players .
Defensive tackle Aaron Donald attended Wednesday 's practice but once again did not join any position or full-team drills . Donald ran with a trainer on the sideline .
Rookie receiver Cooper Kupp , who suffered an apparent back injury while making a catch in Tuesday 's practice , was a full participant Wednesday .
HELPING HAND
Rams chief operating officer Kevin Demoff will serve as the chairman of the 2017-18 United Way campaign . Elise Buik , the organization 's CEO , announced the appointment Wednesday .
Demoff , who has a long associtation with United Way , said he intends to “ use the power of football ” and involve the Rams in a number of the charity 's efforts , including work with local schools and shelters and job-training programs . The Rams will hold their annual charity luncheon in August .
HONOLULU ( AP ) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday that he 's devastated for causing panic but was `` 100 percent sure '' at the time that the attack was real .
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats .
He says the on-duty call he received on Jan. 13 did n't sound like a drill . However , state officials say other workers clearly heard the word `` exercise '' repeated several times .
He said it felt like he had been hit with a `` body blow '' when he realized it was just a drill and he has had difficulty eating and sleeping since .
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him .
The man 's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job . The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events , and colleagues were not comfortable working with him , the state said .
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year .
The ex-worker disputed that , saying he was n't aware of any performance problems .
While working at the state warning site in a former bunker in Honolulu 's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13 , the man said , he took a call that sounded like a real warning from U.S Pacific Command . He said he did n't hear that it was a drill .
But the problems at the agency went beyond the one employee .
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts , allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently . Managers did n't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent , and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning .
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning .
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to .
`` The protocols were not in place . It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible . But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have , '' retired Brig . Gen. Bruce Oliveira , who wrote the report on Hawaii 's internal investigation , said at a news conference .
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released . Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26 . The state did not name him .
The agency 's executive officer , Toby Clairmont , said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert .
Another employee was being suspended without pay , officials said .
Love Island 2017 contestants : Camilla Thurlow
Age : 27
Instagram : @ camillathurlow
Occupation : Explosive Ordnance Disposal ( she works for mine clearance charity Halo )
From : Dumfries
Has Camilla dated anyone famous before ? No , not really . Just a bloke called Prince Harry .
Back in 2014 , The Evening Standard reported that following his split with Cressida Bonas , Harry had hooked up for a cheeky snog with Camilla after the pair were introduced by Princess Beatrice . As you do .
The former private school pupil ( she attended Tony Blair 's old gaff , Fettes College in Edinburgh ) was asked what her claim to fame was ahead of going into the show and she tactfully side-stepped the Harry stuff .
Camilla said : `` I do n't think it 's my claim to fame but my proudest achievement was playing lacrosse for Scotland in the junior world championships . ''
Asked who her celebrity crush is , Camilla ( again ) dodged any mention of Harry and went for a rugby player called Sonny Bill Williams .
Any more claims to fame ? Well , yes . Camilla was previously crowned Miss Edinburgh when she was 19 . It 's probably just as well that was eight years ago and they ca n't now strip her of the title like they did with Zara ...
How she thinks her ex-boyfriend ( probably not Harry ) would describe her : `` Ambitious , independent and quite silly ''
If a guy walked into a bar she would notice his : Hair
Why is Camilla on Love Island and not Made in Chelsea ? That 's what we 're wondering , too . But it 's love that she 's on the hunt for . `` I 'm still young but I 'm definitely at the age now where a lot of my friends are starting to settle down , '' she said . `` I also want to put my personal life first , for the first time in a long time , and give myself the opportunity to meet someone .
`` It will also force me to break down some of the barriers that I have built up doing the work that I do . I can be a bit cold , and come across that way , but that 's because I 'm quite independent and strong . A huge part of it is pushing myself out of my comfort zone and forcing myself to make a connection with someone . ''
Anything else I should know ? Camilla apparently has nine GCSEs at A * and three As at A-level , got a First Class honours degree in Sport and Exercise Science at Loughborough University and in the past has also worked at Abercrombie & Fitch .
Love Island 2017 : meet the contestants
As the NFL draft draws closer and the volume is turned up on whispers about where players will and wo n't go in the first round , I 've been hearing this in recent days : UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen , one of the top four quarterbacks expected to go in the first round , might drop out of the top 10 .
This barring a trade up into the top 10 by ... Buffalo , Arizona , or someone else .
And so that means Rosen , who some experts believe is the most NFL-ready quarterback in the draft , could be available when the Miami Dolphins pick at No . 11 .
Crazy , right ?
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The Dolphins have believed for some time that each of the top four quarterbacks would be gone by the time they went on the clock at No . 11 , according to a team source .
And so that means ...
1 . The Dolphins believe Rosen would be a value at No . 11 — obviously because they believed Rosen would be gone earlier .
2 . The Dolphins would put their ample knowledge on Rosen to work .
You must remember that Miami had multiple visits with Rosen throughout the draft process and have spoken with former UCLA offensive coordinator and interim coach Jedd Fisch at length about Rosen .
Fisch , now an offensive assistant for the Los Angeles Rams , is a longtime friend and confidant to Dolphins head coach Adam Gase . The past couple of years , Gase has hosted Fisch at Dolphins camp and the way those visits normally go is the two men lock themselves in a film room for a day or two and talk ball .
SHARE COPY LINK The Miami Dolphins could use help at defensive tackle , linebacker and tight end . With the 11th pick in the NFL Draft , here are some names they might take with that pick . Eric Garland/McClatchy
And talk ball .
And talk ball .
They are very close .
So it stands to reason that Fisch , who coached Rosen in 2017 , has told Gase all the good and bad about the prospective quarterback .
The Dolphins are comfortable they have reams of information on Rosen . So if they pick him , it 's logical to believe they have a strong comfort level Rosen will be not only a good quarterback but a good NFL starter for the Dolphins in the very near future .
The Dolphins picking Josh Rosen will send a clear message they are preparing for a future without Ryan Tannehill .
If , on the other hand , the Dolphins pass on Rosen or trade the pick ( obviously to a team who wants Rosen ) it would suggest Miami has serious concerns about Rosen 's NFL future . And that , again , because the Dolphins believe they know everything they need to know about Rosen .
So what 's the issue ? Why would Rosen , at 6-4 and 226 pounds and with a good arm and great intelligence , drop to No . 11 and possibly lower ?
If it happens it would be because teams are concerned about his durability .
Rosen played only six games in 2016 because he had a shoulder injury .
He played in 11 games in 2017 but the finish was not good and the reason some NFL teams are concerned .
Rosen initially was injured in UCLA 's game against Washington Oct. 28 when Vita Vea — yeah , this guy — sacked the quarterback . Vea 's tackled left Rosen with a concussion but did n't knock him out of the game . Rosen continued playing but coaches eventually realized he was , as Rosen put it , `` a little bit off , '' and was taken out of the game .
( A word about that : The NFL investigates teams for stuff like this . When players , especially quarterbacks , mask their concussions and teams do n't immediately diagnose them , it leads to issues with the league office . )
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins VP Mike Tannenbaum and GM Chris Grier , say they are happy with QB Ryan Tannehill as they talk to the media about the upcoming 2018 Draft Day . Charles Trainor , Jr .
The first concussion prohibited Rosen from finishing the game against Washington and forced him to sit out the next game against Utah . He returned for two games and then suffered a second concussion in the first half against California .
He would not play again for UCLA because the team was apparently concerned playing Rosen in the Cactus Bowl in December would expose him to a third concussion in a short amount of time — perhaps endangering Rosen 's NFL future .
So that stuff is a worry for some NFL teams . It will be interesting to see how that affects Rosen 's status .
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn 's resignation
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake : I 've been an underdog since day one
England 's Queen Elizabeth ill
“ heavy CoLd ” that forced England 's Queen Elizabeth to miss a Christmas Day church service left her unable to go to church again yesterday . The queen missed New Year 's Day church service at Sandringham because of a lingering “ heavy cold ” , Buckingham Palace has said . The monarch and Prince Philip both fell ill before Christmas , which forced [ … ]
The post England 's Queen Elizabeth ill appeared first on Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Shiva Ayyadurai , who is running for U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren 's seat , is suing the city of Cambridge , Mass. , for ordering him to remove signs that call Warren a `` fake Indian . '' Warren has been criticized for saying she has Cherokee ancestry . Shiva Ayyadurai/Twitter Screenshot
Panjim : The BJP on Sunday said it was ready to contest 37 out of 40 Assembly constituencies in Goa on its own in the elections this year.Addressing media persons , BJP General Secretary Sadanand Tanawade said , “ We have held Vijay Sankalp rallies in 35 constituencies . At present , we are ready to contest in 37 constituencies on our own without any kind of alliance . The party is preparing itself to go all alone , ” Tanawade dismissed the rebel RSS group backed Goa Suraksha Manch ( GSM ) as inconsequential saying any kind of alliance formation between its alliance partner MGP and GSM will have “ no impact ” on the BJP 's prospect for the upcoming 2017 State assembly elections .
The statement comes a day after MGP and GSM formally announced their alliance , wherein MGP will contest 25 seats while GSM 15.Till date , the saffron party has shortlisted candidates for 16 assembly constituencies including Dabolim , Fatorda , Taleigao and Porvorim.Tanwade said that the MGP is yet to withdraw its support from for BJP-led government . “ We are still in alliance . They are yet to formally inform us about their pre-poll tie up , ” he commented adding “ we hope that MGP-GSM alliance remains intact at least till coming elections . ”
“ We have not broken alliance with MGP . It is they who are talking with other parties , ” Tanawade said , adding that the MGP was trying to dictate terms to BJP over the leadership issue which was unfair. “ Since we have 21 legislators in the House , it is our decision to choose our leader . Party 's central leadership and local MLAs chose ( Chief Minister Laxmikant ) Parsekar as our leader . MGP should not have any say in that . During alliance , usually it is not approved that the alliance partner will choose the leader for main party , ” he commented .
On Sunday , the BJP shortlisted names of probable candidates for Panjim , Shiroda , Siolim , Porvorim , Fatorda and Dabolim constituencies . It has already shortlisted names of candidates for Tivim , Mapusa , Saligao , Aldona , Sanqulim , Taleigao , Mormugao , Sanguem , Cuncolim and Curchorem . “ We expect the process of identifying candidates be complete by January 10 , post which it would be placed before State election committee for approval . Thereafter , it would be sent to the party 's Parliamentary Board for nod , ” Tanawade explained . [ H ]
OMG ! Peter Ndambiri , Kenyan Deputy Governor Caught Sleeping With Another Man 's Wife ( Photos )
A Deputy governor in Kirinyaga , Kenya identified as “ Peter Ndambiri ” has become the subject of mass criticism from Kenyans after a video of him in a compromising situation emerged . The deputy governor , on Tuesday , April 24 , received a heavy dress down from Kenyans for allegedly sleeping with a married woman . The deputy governor maintains that [ … ]
The post OMG ! Peter Ndambiri , Kenyan Deputy Governor Caught Sleeping With Another Man 's Wife ( Photos ) appeared first on Ngyab .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FIFA 's ethics committee has opened formal proceedings against two former Central American officials after an investigator for the world soccer body recommended they be banned from the game for life for alleged corruption .
Eduardo Li , former president of the Costa Rican Football Association , and Brayan Jimenez , former president of the Guatemalan Football Association , are accused of violating FIFA rules including those forbidding bribery and corruption .
Last year , Li and Jimenez pleaded guilty in US federal court to charges including racketeering and wire fraud .
Spotting signs of life in an alien planet 's atmosphere may be tougher than scientists had thought .
One prominent such `` biosignature '' target , ozone , may get trapped near the equators of Proxima b , TRAPPIST-1d and other potentially habitable worlds that orbit close to their host stars , making the gas hard to detect from afar , a new study suggests .
`` Absence of traces of ozone in future observations does not have to mean there is no oxygen at all , '' study lead author Ludmila Carone , of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg , Germany , said in a statement . `` It might be found in different places than on Earth , or it might be very well hidden . '' [ Exoplanet Discovery : The 7 Earth-Sized Planets of TRAPPIST-1 in Pictures ]
Ozone is an unstable molecule that consists of three oxygen atoms . Here on Earth , the stuff is generally produced in the atmosphere after ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation from the sun splits `` normal '' diatomic oxygen ( O2 ) .
The vast majority of Earth 's O2 is generated by living organisms — plants and photosynthetic microbes — so ozone serves as a sort of secondary biomarker , at least for Earth-like life .
Earth 's atmospheric flows distribute most ozone relatively evenly into our planet 's famous ozone layer , which helps shield life from harmful UV radiation . So hypothetical aliens studying Earth from afar with powerful telescopes would have a good chance of detecting the gas .
This year , the world of 275 drag-radial racing is going to look a lot different when Nick Bacalis steers his 1996 Mustang GT into the waterbox . He and the team from Bischoff Engine Service are blazing a new path in that genre of drag racing by running a naturally aspirated engine in what 's traditionally a power-adder class . “ We built it as an R & D project to see how quick we could run an all-motor car on radials , ” Bacalis said . The undertaking has been a partnership with the shop proprietor , Tony Bischoff , and Preston Mosher .
“ The goal is to run 4.50s or faster , in order to be competitive , ” Bacalis said when discussing the anticipated performance . Making a legit 1,500 hp and 1,100 lb-ft of torque , this mountain motor should be close .
In a world where more power is just a turn of a boost knob , a smaller supercharger pulley swap , or bigger nitrous jet , the Bacalis , Bischoff , Mosher juggernaut is looking toward the best that Mother Nature has to offer for their 275 radial racing efforts .
Short-Block
The billet LSM engine block features a 5-inch bore spacing . It 's that extra space between the cylinders that allows you to build engines this big . The BES Racing group punched this engine 's bores to 4.750 inches and combined that with a Bryant billet steel crank that features a 4.925-inch stroke . Ross Racing pistons provide a static compression ratio of 16.7:1 , Total Seal rings maintain the proper seal , and titanium Crower connecting rods complete the rotating assembly . An ATI balancer keeps it all smooth when the engine is singing at 9,000 rpm . A Daley six-stage dry-sump oiling system and Moroso two-piece oil pan ensures the engine is lubricated with Valvoline racing oil .
Cylinder Heads/Valvetrain
For a naturally aspirated engine to crank out 1,500 hp , cylinder heads need to flow a ton of air , and the BES Racing Pro Stock Wedge cylinder heads seem well suited to the task , though we could n't pry the specifics out of Bacalis . The Victory titanium valves measure 2.700 and 1.85 inches , intake and exhaust . Bacalis also would n't give up the cam specs , but admitted the LSM 65mm cam core carries lobes with more than 1.20-inch lift ! The rest of the valvetrain is comprised of Manton 5/8- and 9/16-inch pushrods ( exhaust/intake ) , Jesel 1.062-inch-diameter keyway lifters , and custom-made Jesel rocker arms with aluminum arms on the intake and steel exhaust rockers . The valvespring setup is unique with PSI triple springs and Manley components to help keep the valves under control .
Induction
The huge scoop sticking out of the hood is normally found in the A/Fuel Dragster ranks in NHRA drag racing . If you 're unfamiliar with A/Fuel Dragster , it 's essentially a naturally aspirated version of a nitro-burning Top Fuel motor . According to Bacalis , it 's the largest throttle-body they could find , has two butterflies , and measures a robust 12.5 inches long and 7 inches wide ! It is perhaps the most unique , talked-about addition to their engine , and it 's mounted to a custom BES Racing sheetmetal intake with short runners and a huge plenum .
Fuel System/Engine Management
Holley 's Dominator EFI is the preferred engine-management system , as BES Racing runs that same unit on It 's in-house Pro Modified engine program as well as other projects . The high-octane racing fuel is delivered to the Holley 120 lb/hr injectors in large volume from an Aeromotive Pro Series belt-driven fuel pump . Russell lines and fittings are used exclusively throughout the Mustang .
Drivetrain
RPM Transmissions are the masterminds behind the two-speed TH400 automatic , and it is said to be the lightest one ever built for drag racing . A bolt-together torque converter from Ultimate Converter Concepts will give the engine the ability climb in the revs while on the transbrake , but have very little slippage in the high-rpm range .
The Car
The SN95 Mustang has been treated to the typical modifications for a fast , stock-suspension car . The rollcage was built to SFI 25.3 specifications by Gary Rohe Race Cars . The rear suspension is considered “ stock-ish , ” with factory mounting locations that feature multiple holes for the proper geometry . The rear shocks are AFCO 's double-adjustable coilovers , mounted inboard similar to a four-link suspension setup , and they help plant the 275/60R15 Mickey Thompson ET Radial Pro tires . The front suspension has bolt-on K-member and A-arms with coilover front struts . The front part of the chassis has been heavily modified for weight savings and to fit the extra-large big-block .
Microsoft says surveillance requests from the federal government doubled during the first half of last year .
According to Microsoft 's biannual transparency report released this week , Microsoft said it received at least one thousand requests from the U.S. government seeking information on users for foreign intelligence purposes .
That number is double the amount Microsoft received during the second half of 2015 .
The Microsoft logo on the facade of a Miscrosoft Center . Matthias Balk / Matthias Balk/picture-alliance/d
Related : Microsoft Sues Feds to Say When the Government Asks for Your Emails
Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , companies are only allowed to give a wide range and are not able to disclose the exact number of requests they have received . In this case , Microsoft could only reveal they fielded somewhere between 1,000 and 1,499 orders .
While it seems surveillance may be increasing , the number of impacted accounts actually fell , compared to the previous report . Microsoft said the number of accounts impacted was between 12,000 and 12,499 , about five thousand less than the previous period .
Microsoft also disclosed a national security letter it received from the FBI in 2014 , seeking information about a customer of Microsoft 's consumer services , according to the company .
Twitter , Google , Yahoo and others have disclosed national security letters in recent months thanks to a measure in the USA Freedom Act .
Golf 's armchair busybodies could be facing extinction following news that the sport is set to introduce TMO technology in the new year .
A working group for the game led by The R & A and the US Golf Association ( USGA ) has agreed to bring in new video review protocols , meaning that the reports of pedantic TV fans will no longer be taken into consideration from 1 January 2018 .
Golf 's governing bodies along with the PGA Tour , LPGA , PGA European Tour , Ladies European Tour and The PGA of America are all involved in the working group .
Information on The R & A website states that only footage that has been obtained by the committee 's broadcast partner will be used in these situations . Videos from a person 's phone or camera , will not be eligible .
The work of armchair vigilantes caused controversy earlier this year , when Lexis Thompson was hit with a four-shot penalty in the final round of the ANA Inspiration .
In an email to LGPA officials , a viewer said that Thompson incorrectly replaced her ball marker on the 17th hole in the third round , which led to her dropping two shots off the leader . She ultimately lost out in the play-off .
Padraig Harrington has also been a victim of such TV Golf fans .
`` I looked down at the time and was pretty sure it had just oscillated and had not moved ''
In the 2011 Abu Dhabi Championship , Harrington was told that officials had received two emails from viewers claiming that he brushed his ball forward while picking up a marker . Video footage confirmed as much , and although it was unintentional , the interference of the viewers resulted in him getting disqualified .
`` I was aware I hit the ball picking up my coin . I looked down at the time and was pretty sure it had just oscillated and had not moved , so I continued on , '' said Harrington at the time .
`` In slow motion it 's pretty clear the ball has moved three dimples forward and it 's come back maybe a dimple and a half . ''
Three-time Major winner Harrington has fallen victim of the TV review squad
Additionally , a new local rule will also be introduced , which will see the removal of the additional two-stroke penalty for failing to include a penalty on the score card when the player was unaware of the penalty .
This local rule will be permanently removed when the modernised Rules of Golf take effect on 1 January 2019 .
Speaking about the impending changes , David Rickman , Executive Director – Governance at The R & A explained that they felt it was important to address this issue fully ahead of the implementation of the updated rules in 2019 .
`` We have concluded that whilst players should continue to be penalised for all breaches of the Rules during a competition , including any that come to light after the score card is returned , an additional penalty for the score card error is not required . ''
New York 's most famous toy store has finally found a new home ! Hearts everywhere broke when the legendary F.A.O . Schwarz closed its doors back in 2015 , but the iconic store is reopening with a new location in New York .
F.A.O . Schwarz has leased a 19,000-plus-square-foot store at 30 Rockefeller Center in midtown Manhattan , the Commercial Observer reports . The new location is significantly smaller than the 61,000-square-foot space on 58th and Fifth Avenue F.A.O . Schwarz called home for 30 years . While further details have not been provided , the store is expected to open in the fall of 2018 , according to NBC .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
F.A.O . Schwarz is known as the oldest toy store in America , having first opened its doors back in 1862 . In 2009 , the retailer was acquired by Toys ‘ R ' Us , but was sold again to ThreeSixty Group in October 2016 . The store 's flagship Fifth Avenue location sadly closed in 2015 due to rising rents , marking the end of an era for New Yorkers and toy lovers everywhere .
No word yet if the new location will include the original 's legendary giant piano , as seen in the movie Big , but here 's hoping they bring back the beloved feature !
Remember the piano at FAO Schwarz in the movie Big ? You 'll now find it at Macy 's on 34th St # travel # NewYork https : //t.co/gnj2hWtjlm pic.twitter.com/QGRnB29Dj1 — Travel Instinct ( @ travel_instinct ) September 27 , 2017
Take a look at the history of F.A.O . Schwarz here :
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections , issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law .
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women , at no additional cost . Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act .
Trump 's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him , but it 's likely to have a limited impact on America 's largely secular workplaces . Most women no longer pay for birth control , and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court .
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump 's new policy , the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans . Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies , since female workers are central to most enterprises .
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected . However , it 's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 per cent , from 21 per cent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
The Trump administration 's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship , religiously affiliated non-profit groups , and closely-held private companies . Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom . Privately owned for-profit companies , as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption .
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion . With limited exceptions , abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees . No public subsidies can be used , except in cases that involve rape , incest , or preserving the life of the mother .
Doctors ' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration 's move on birth control .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
“ Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘ to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , ” said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
Women 's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes .
“ The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women , ” said Fatima Goss Graves , president of the National Women 's Law Center . “ We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules . ”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away .
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report .
To place a Death Notice , please call 305-376-8901 or email obit @ miamiherald.com . Be sure to include : Your name , daytime phone number , address , method of payment , name of funeral home/crematory to contact for verification of death . To place it online click here .
A team of engineers and architects from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) has won the top prize for architecture in 2017 's international Mars City Design competition , which asks participants to design habitats that could one day be built on the Red Planet .
The competition , sponsored by both NASA and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , is one of many that asks participants to come up with creative solutions to the problems these agencies anticipate in the journey to Mars .
Like other contests before it , the Mars City Design competition aims to solve the problem of building livable and sustainable spaces on the Red Planet , from either the limited cargo astronauts would be able to bring with them or indigenous Martian resources .
MIT 's winning design , which the team calls Redwood Forest , is a collection of `` tree habitats '' connected through a system of tunnels called `` roots . '' The roots would provide safe access to other tree habitats , private spaces and `` shirt-sleeve transportation , '' according to a statement from MIT .
The tunnels would also provide protection from cosmic radiation , micrometeorite impacts and extreme changes in temperature .
Each dome-shaped tree habitat would house up to 50 people , and the team 's vision calls for building about 200 of them , to support a settlement of 10,000 pioneers . The structures would include private and public spaces as well as plants and water harvested from the northern plains of Mars , according to the statement .
`` On Mars , our city will physically and functionally mimic a forest , using local Martian resources such as ice and water , regolith ( or soil ) , and sun to support life , '' MIT postdoctoral researcher Valentina Sumini said in the statement . Sumini and MIT assistant professor Caitlin Mueller led the team , which also included nine students .
The Breeders ' label 4AD announced that it will reissue the band 's first four albums on May 18 . The early '90s records , Pod ( 1990 ) and Last Splash ( 1993 ) , will be getting the wax treatment for the first time in the U.S. by 4AD . Mountain Battles ( 2002 ) and Title TK ( 2008 ) went out of print after their release . As it stands , copies of Title TK start at around $ 92 on Discogs . A pre-order of the reissue will run you $ 17.24 . You do the math .
The classic Breeders lineup is currently touring the U.S. in support of their vital new album All Nerve . Check out the band 's fun visit to the NPR offices last week for their delightful Tiny Desk Concert .
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old . When she was a senior in high school her life flew off the rails .
She was getting high on whatever drugs she could get her hands on . She was suicidal . Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober , but could only stay sober while she was on campus during the week .
`` I 'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really , really hard , '' says Berkowitz . `` Sometimes I 'd make it through the weekend , and sometimes I just could n't make it . It was white-knuckling it , just holding on . ''
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz .
`` I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope , '' she says .
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck . She had private health insurance and she lived in Connecticut , where a startup company , Aware Recovery Care , had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober : her home .
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business , but a lot of the treatment that 's available is expensive and patients often relapse . Fortunately , there is a way to help some people pay less for better results , says Matt Eacott , vice president of Aware Recovery Care .
`` Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you 're done , '' says Eacott .
Instead , Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it does n't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control . The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction , Eacott says , with better results than most competitors achieve .
Aware comes into clients ' homes and connects them with a nurse , a primary care doctor , a therapist , peer support , 12-step meetings and a case manager . Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment . They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking , if that helps them stick with the program .
Hannah 's mother , Lois Berkowitz , says the program is intense at first . But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background .
`` It 's not like they 're doing the work for the addict , '' says Lois Berkowitz , `` they 're just basically taking them by the hand and saying , 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you . And I 'm going to go with you to start , so it does n't feel that uncomfortable . And then we 're going to let you fly . ' ``
Before they `` fly , '' Aware clients have a pretty long runway . The treatment lasts for a full year .
Benefits worth the initial cost , insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire . The program is expensive . It costs $ 38,000 a year . As of now , it 's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut .
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware , because the treatment is based on hard science that 's yielding solid results for clients , says Dr. Steven Korn , Anthem 's behavioral health medical director . Science and results are rare in addiction treatment , he says .
`` There are old , old notions that have hung pretty tough , '' says Korn . `` When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned , the response of physicians was , 'Well , go to AA . That 's not our problem . We do n't treat that . ' ``
For a year of treatment , Anthem says it 's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment . Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment .
That 's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care , says Dr. Stuart Gitlow , past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine .
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it 's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits , Gitlow says .
`` It 's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use , '' he says , `` but is about what led to the substance use in the first place . And you ca n't really get there without getting to know the patient . ''
Aware says it 's in negotiations with four more major insurers . The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year .
This story is part of NPR 's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News .
People wait in line to check luggage at Miami International Airport for a flight to Havana , Cuba . The chill in relations between the United States and Cuba should n't have too much impact on travelers eligible to visit Cuba on tourist visas . But there could be delays for those who need specialized visas , and it will be much more difficult for Cubans to visit the United States . Joe Raedle Getty Images
Charles Knowles
Every city dweller has some degree of civic pride , whether it 's due to some local delicacy , a dominant sports franchise , or renown for being chock-full of happy retirees ( see : Tampa and these other cities ) . Every city has things to be proud of , but every place ca n't get a first-place trophy in every measurable category . For example , Topeka ca n't get the award for “ fastest growing city in the United States , ” because that honor goes to Frisco , Texas . At least , according to a new study from WalletHub . ( What city has the best coffee , though ? )
WalletHub , a personal finance website , compiled a list of the fastest growing cities in America using “ 15 key measures of both growth and decline over a period of seven years. ” These measures included metrics like population growth , unemployment rate , and regional Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) per capita .
All told , their analysts took a look at 515 cities across the U.S. Every member of the top 10 , except for one , had a population under 200,000 . The list , with populations as of 2016 , was as follows :
Frisco , Texas ( 163,656 ) Kent , Washington ( 127,514 ) Lehigh Acres , Florida ( 86,784 * ) Meridian , Idaho ( 95,623 ) Midland , Texas ( 134 , 610 ) McKinney , Texas ( 172,298 ) Fort Myers , Florida ( 77,146 ) Bend , Oregon ( 91,122 ) Austin , Texas ( 947 , 890 ) Pleasanton , California ( 82,270 )
* As of 2010
These rankings also broke the cities down by population : a “ large ” city has a population of over 300,000 , a “ midsize ” city has a population in between 100,000 and 300,000 , and a “ small ” city has a population of less than 100,000 . The top small city was Meridian , ID , the top midsize city was Frisco , TX , and the top large city was Austin , TX .
The research was compiled by a panel of professors from eight different universities , including University of Pennsylvania , North Carolina State , and the University of San Diego .
[ Source : Fast Company ]
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday he is making a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit while awaiting congressional action to raise the threshold .
In a letter to congressional leaders , Mnuchin said he will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund . Skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised , he said .
In September , Congress agreed to suspend the debt limit , allowing the government to borrow as much as it needed . But that suspension ended Friday .
The government said the debt subject to limit stood at $ 20.46 trillion on Friday . Mnuchin has said he will employ various `` extraordinary measures '' to buy time until Congress raises the limit .
The Congressional Budget Office estimated in a recent report that Mnuchin has enough maneuvering room to stay under the limit until late March or early April .
If Congress has not acted before Mnuchin has exhausted his bookkeeping maneuvers , the government would be unable to borrow the money it needs to meet its day-to-day obligations , including sending out Social Security and other benefit checks and making interest payments on the national debt .
In August 2011 , a standoff between Congress and the Obama administration over raising the borrowing limit came down to the wire and prompted the Standard & Poor 's credit rating agency to impose the first-ever downgrade of the government 's credit rating .
Raising the debt limit is a separate issue from the need for Congress to pass a spending bill to cover government operations . A failure to pass a spending bill triggers a partial government shutdown but does not carry the potential catastrophic market disruptions that a failure to raise the debt limit poses .
In his new letter , Mnuchin said , `` I respectfully urge Congress to protect the full faith and credit of the United States by acting to increase the statutory debt limit as soon as possible . ''
The Niagara Falls Bridge Commission will have a new general manager , effective May 1 .
The board has selected Kenneth Bieger to succeed Lew Holloway as the organization 's next GM .
Bieger currently serves as chief financial officer for the commission , and brings more than 35 years of professional management experience to the position .
“ While we were fortunate to have many excellent candidates apply for the position , what really set Ken apart was his strong vision for the future and appreciation for our organization 's mission , coupled with extensive experience acquired through several previous executive management roles , ” said chairman Russ Quarantello .
As chief financial officer , Bieger has had direct hands-on expertise in the areas of strategic and budgetary planning , contract negotiations and funding oversight for capital projects .
Prior to joining the commission , he also held several executive level leadership positions in the Buffalo Niagara region , including the most recent role of chief financial officer , treasurer and member of the board of directors for Karrena International in Williamsville , N.Y .
“ The mission of the commission is to facilitate the movement of goods and people at our three border crossings , while investing in programs , technology and infrastructure improvements that will allow us to effectively maintain the three bridge facilities well into the future , ” said vice-chairman John Lopinski .
“ We know that Mr. Bieger shares this same focus and he will operate in the best interests of the NFBC , our employees , and the travelling public . ”
Holloway has been the commission 's GM for the past eight years .
During his tenure , he helped oversee more than $ 250 million in construction and capital improvement projects , including full reconstruction of the Queenston plaza ; completion of the new Rainbow Bridge bus processing centre ; various capacity expansion upgrades and technology enhancements at the Whirlpool Bridge ; an improvement project at the Lewiston U.S. customs plaza ; and installation of the E-ZPass program at all three crossings .
Holloway will retain a recent appointment as member of the board of directors for the Buffalo and Fort Erie Public Bridge Authority , which maintains the Peace Bridge .
“ As we welcome Mr. Bieger to this new role , we also bid farewell to Lew Holloway and thank him for his extended service to the commission and the people of western New York and southern Ontario over the last eight years , ” said Quarantello .
Canada and the U.S. are equally represented on the Niagara Falls Bridge Commission by an eight-member board of commissioners .
The commission is responsible for maintaining the Rainbow , Whirlpool Rapids and Queenston-Lewiston bridges .
rspiteri @ postmedia.com
Follow @ RaySpiteri
Students at Marist St. Francis Elementary School in Lepua shown in this group photo on Wednesday as they cheer for the camera , for Catholic Education Week in American Samoa . The week started on Monday , with speakers talking to students at all Catholics schools on island and included other events as part of the celebration . [ courtesy photo ]
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
NEW YORK — A prominent baseball agent said players are angered over the slow free-agent market and suggested they consider boycotting spring training .
Brodie Van Wagenen , co-head of CAA Baseball , floated the idea in a statement released Friday , less than two weeks before spring training workouts are to start in Florida and Arizona . He also raised the possibility of a collusion grievance , as did another agent , Seth Levinson of Aces .
“ The players are upset . No , they are outraged . Players in the midst of long-term contracts are as frustrated as those still seeking employment , ” Van Wagenen said . “ I would suggest that testing the will of 1,200 alpha males at the pinnacle of their profession is not a good strategy for 30 men who are bound by a much smaller fraternity . ”
J.D . Martinez , Eric Hosmer , Mike Moustakas , Jake Arrieta , Yu Darvish , Alex Cobb , Greg Holland and Lance Lynn remain among the dozens of unsigned free agents .
“ A boycott of spring training may be a starting point , if behaviour does n't change . Players do n't receive their pay cheques until the second week of April . Fine them ? OK , for how much ? Sue them ? OK , they 'll see you in court two years from now . ”
CAA represents more than 150 baseball players , including Robinson Cano , Yoenis Cespedes , Buster Posey , Shohei Ohtani , Adam Jones , Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard .
Van Wagenen 's free agents this off-season include Todd Frazier . Van Wagenen said he chose to speak out now because spring training was approaching .
“ The sentiment that I 'm hearing from players is that something radical may be necessary to show the other side there is unity and strength in in their frustration , ” he said in a telephone interview .
Spring training workouts begin Feb. 14 , but participation is voluntary until the mandatory reporting date on Feb. 24 — the day after major league spring training games are to start .
Levinson praised Van Wagenen and agreed with his conclusions .
“ It is disconcerting , and disheartening for clubs that are awash in revenue and or are fully capable of improving its product to choose to do otherwise , ” he said . “ Further , it is deeply troubling to encounter that almost all clubs are operating in a strangely similar fashion . There are no coincidences in a monopoly . ”
Large-market teams , including the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Yankees , are cutting payrolls to get under the $ 197 million threshold for luxury tax payrolls .
“ Every market 's different . There are different players , different quality of players , different GMs , different decisions , new basic agreement , different agents who have particular prominence in a particular market in terms of who they represent , ” Commissioner Rob Manfred said Thursday . “ Those factors and probably others that I ca n't tick off the top of my head have combined to produce a particular market this year . Just like there 's been some markets where the lid got blown off in terms of player salary growth , I think I can honestly suggest that occasionally you 're going to have some that are a little different , not quite as robust . ”
New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson , speaking to fans at Citi Field on Thursday , said analytics contributed to the slow pace of negotiations .
“ Big data is the reason we 've seen so little movement in the free-agent market , because as data becomes more pervasive in the game , as it has , it tends to narrow the range of different evaluations , ” he said . “ The evaluations become much uniform . ”
The average salary , according to the players ' association , rose 3.3 per cent last year to nearly $ 4.1 million following an increase of just 0.35 per cent in 2016 , the lowest rise since 2004 . The new collective bargaining agreement , the first since Tony Clark succeeded Michael Weiner as union head , added surtaxes to the competitive-balance tax and additional penalties for high payrolls , including lesser choices in the amateur draft .
“ The CBT is designed to be a restraint on the spending of high-payroll clubs , ” Manfred said . “ I think that the system , without singling out the CBT , actually is working pretty well in the sense that the standard deviation of our payrolls that are being projected next year has actually gone down significantly , suggesting that our payrolls are more compressed , top-down , the bottom-up , which we feel is important in terms of preserving the competitive balance in the game . ”
Baseball has enjoyed labour peace since a 7½-month strike in 1994-95 led to the first cancellation of the World Series in 90 years , and the labour contract runs through the 2021 season .
The players ' association won three collusion grievances against the clubs for behaviour toward free agents following the 1985-87 seasons , cases management settled for $ 280 million . Van Wagenen , a former Stanford baseball player , says current behaviour by teams “ feels co-ordinated , rightly or wrongly . ”
“ Many club presidents and general managers with whom we negotiate with are frustrated with the lack of funds to sign the plethora of good players still available , raising further suspicion of institutional influence over the spending , ” he said . “ Even the algorithms that have helped determine player salaries in recent years are suggesting dramatically higher values than owners appear willing to spend . ”
In Our Time is a phenomenon , serious broadcasting , requiring serious attention , still growing as it passes its 750th edition .
The format seems simple : three experts talk to Melvyn Bragg about one subject , everything from alchemy to zoroastrianism . Last week it was the poet John Clare , before him this year were Hannah Arendt , parasites , Mary Queen of Scots and Nietzsche .
“ Eclecticism , ” says Melvyn Bragg , In Our Time 's first and only chairman . “ It only seems to be random. ” Two million Radio 4 regulars tune in , three and a half million take the podcast .
“ We pioneered the podcast , ” Bragg tells me . “ When the live programme is over I say , ‘ What did we leave out ? ' So we leave the mic on and talk a bit more , talk in a different way . It 's caught on . ”
It reaches a wider than average audience for the network . Universities in 48 countries across the world take it , one even teaches it . And it all began when Melvyn Bragg was fired .
In 1998 , he became a member of the House of Lords . At the time he was presenting Radio 4 's Start the Week . The BBC thought it risky to have a Labour peer host a show that might , however occasionally , reflect politics . He says he left “ with no complaints ” .
I remember him being distinctly , if privately , cross about it . Whatever volcanic rumbles ensued , the result was an offer to build , from scratch , a new half-hour show for Thursdays at 9am . It would have one subject . It would not plug books . The range would be wide .
The title came from James Boyle , then Controller of Radio 4 . Boyle 's successor Helen Boaden later gave it 15 extra minutes , the only change in format since In Our Time began , on 15 October 1998 . The first producer was Olivia Seligman who stayed for a decade , the latest is Simon Tillotson , with eight others between . Bragg pays great tribute to them all .
Compared with television this team is tiny : a producer , an assistant producer , an occasional freelance researcher . It runs continuously , September to July , meticulously planned . “ Every six weeks Simon and I get together , think about the areas we cover – philosophy , religion , science , history , writers , art – and possible contributors . They 're usually academics who teach , because they 're used to talking to people . And I 'm the one who 's listening . ”
On Fridays , Tillotson delivers him briefing notes for each programme , five days ahead . Bragg 's broadcast routine is strict . “ We do n't have an 8.30am meeting because they 'd talk it all away . I meet them at 8.55 am and say , ‘ This is how it works . I 'll come to you , then you , then you ' . They may be people who 've never been on radio before but this is a mini-seminar by great experts who may never come together again . And , ” he adds , beaming , “ I love it . ”
What if the subject is one he does n't know much about ? Black holes , string theory ? “ When it 's really difficult I do the best I can . I own up . I 'll say , ‘ You 're going to have to dig me out of this hole ' and they do . ”
Live broadcasting is tricky . He must watch the clock while ensuring the discussion develops , flows , fits the time . “ I have to get it going and wrap it up . Sometimes I bugger it up. ” He laughs , knowing we 've heard him get crochety when a guest suddenly freezes , or challenges him .
Has he ever had to fight the BBC for In Our Time ? “ No . It was a bit of a hit from the start . It sounded fresh . We had top people from the start and we 've kept it tight. ” Why is there no television equivalent ? Long silence . “ There are many reasons . There 's an unhealthy obsession with ratings . Minorities can be as powerful as majorities but majority audiences are what the BBC wants . I 'm a great defender of the BBC but its television rides on the back of its radio .
“ Newsnight has an audience of half a million and much bigger resources . In Our Time talks to two million people . I think the public knows what it wants . Nobody in the world does what Radio 3 and Radio 4 do . But people who work in radio do n't feel they are valued enough . ”
At 77 , Bragg 's appetite for work remains voracious , omnivorous . Through his production company , Directors Cut , he makes dozens of TV programmes a year . He 's just done the fifth draft of a new novel , set in 12th-century Paris . He 's working on a biography of William Tyndale , translator of the first English printed Bible , and executed for it in 1536 . He tries to give the House of Lords three days a week .
In Our Time stretches far into the future . “ It 's worked out the way it 's worked out . I was one of the first grammar school boys to get a BBC general traineeship . By the time I was a producer , I 'd had two novels published and started to get into radio . Then I made the leap to ITV . Everyone said it was for the money . But it was n't . It was a feeling they were leaving things out , seeing the arts as a pyramid . I saw them as a rainbow . At the BBC I suggested making a documentary about Elvis and was hooted out of the room . ”
On his very first South Bank Show he interviewed Paul McCartney , brilliantly . He keeps in mind Mr James , his teacher at his school in Wigton , persuading his parents to let him stay on for the sixth form . To do it , Mr James went to see Stanley and Ethel Bragg three times to convince them , something he says he only learned about two years ago .
Only one other boy from his year , a scientist , would stay on alongside him . All his pals had left , got jobs , were bringing home wages . His father , realising the difference it would make when Melvyn went out with them , raised his pocket money to 12/6 a week .
But he had to work for it , “ sweeping the front , bringing up the bottles , sluicing out the gents ” at their pub . He got into Oxford , then had the good fortune to be paid for work he loves . Does he ever feel the years ? “ In Our Time takes care of all that , ” he says , briskly . “ I am duly chid . ”
In Our Time is on 9am Thursdays
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast : Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
Come study French in Reims , France during summer I . Cost $ 3,400 : PROGRAM FEE INCLUDES : Stays at International Cultural Center
Breakfast & Lunch
Excursions
Some textbooks
Bus pass in Reims For more information contact : Dr. Carole Edwards carole.edwards @ ttu.edu
TO APPLY :
http : //ttu-sa.terradotta.com/ ? go=CMLLFrench
LIMITED SPACE remaining ! Applications are closing soon ! Posted :
2/1/2018
Originator :
Carole Edwards
Email :
carole.edwards @ ttu.edu
Department :
Classical and Modern Lang and Lit
Categories
Academic
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin , File ) . FILE - In this April 11 , 2018 file photo , teachers at Tuscano Elementary School stage a `` walk-in '' for higher pay and school funding in Phoenix . Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to participate in a stat ...
( AP Photo/Matt York , file ) . FILE - In this Jan. 22 , 2018 , file photo , Arizona Gov . Doug Ducey speaks prior to signing the order calling the Legislature into a special session at the Capitol in Phoenix . Arizona Gov . Ducey is pushing lawmakers to approve ...
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin , File ) . File - In this April 10 , 2018 , file photo , Arizona teachers march in protest of their low pay and school funding in front of a local radio station waiting for Republican Gov . Doug Ducey to show up for a live broadcast ...
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin , File ) . FILE - In this April 11 , 2018 , file photo , Stefanie Lowe , a teacher at Tuscano Elementary School , smiles as she joins other teachers , parents and students as they stage a `` walk-in '' for higher pay and school funding in ...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX ( AP ) - Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education , an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections .
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding , culminating in a vote for the first-ever statewide strike .
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov . Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020 . Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands .
A grass-roots teachers group mobilized the # RedforEd campaign , with backing from the Arizona Education Association , the largest teacher membership group . But the association lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts or require mandatory participation in this right-to-work state .
That has led to a disparity across school districts in how to handle the walkout and could lead to fallout for Arizona educators .
Here 's a look at what 's happening :
WHAT 'S A WALKOUT AND WHAT WILL HAPPEN ?
A walkout is a job action that can be used as a protest , and teachers plan to launch it statewide Thursday , with no end date set . With 78 percent of roughly 57,000 educators voting in favor last week , tens of thousands of teachers are expected to participate . Many are expected to attend a rally at the state Capitol .
Their participation could have consequences . Some states , like New York , prohibit strikes outright , but Arizona 's situation is less clear .
The education association has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials . No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates .
Teachers in some districts have been advised to take personal leave time to participate .
WHAT ARE THE DEMANDS ?
The one that received the most attention is a 20 percent raise for teachers who earn an average of $ 47,218 annually , compared with a national average of $ 58,353 , according to 2016 data from the National Education Association . They also want yearly raises until their salaries reach the national average and competitive wages for classified staffers .
Another demand is a return to pre-Great Recession spending levels , which would be roughly a $ 1 billion increase annually . Part of that includes the goal of driving down class sizes to a 23:1 ratio .
The fifth demand is a freeze on tax cuts until spending on each student reaches the national average . A May 2017 report from the National Education Association says per-pupil spending in Arizona was $ 8,296 , compared with $ 12,572 nationally .
HOW ARE THE GOVERNOR AND LAWMAKERS RESPONDING ?
Ducey has offered teachers a 20 percent raise by 2020 and pledged to see his proposal through despite concerns by lawmakers of his own party . He vetoed 10 Republican measures recently to push the Legislature to send him a budget with the pay increase .
Ducey 's plan relies on higher-than-expected state revenue . Republican legislative leaders have expressed concern about where the money might come from and are negotiating the plan this week .
WHAT DOES THE WALKOUT MEAN FOR SCHOOLS , TEACHERS AND PARENTS ?
The state 's nearly 200 public school districts can try to keep schools open or can close them down .
Districts were still determining their plans , but the state 's largest district in suburban Phoenix and many others have warned parents they will shut down at least Thursday and Friday . Schools could be open if enough teachers , staff or administrators show up .
Many parents will have to make child care plans . Community groups have opened registration for day camps , while some stay-at-home parents are volunteering to watch others ' children . Local parent-teacher associations also are putting together food boxes for kids who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school .
Hourly workers like custodians might not get paid if their schools close , but they would get a paycheck if the days are made up at the end of the school year .
WHAT 'S HAPPENED IN OTHER STATES ?
The Arizona campaign took inspiration from West Virginia , where teachers went on strike and got a raise . The movement also spread to Oklahoma , Kentucky and most recently Colorado , where over a dozen school districts are closing Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests .
Arizona has seen a unique blend of grass-roots uprising , with help from the teachers association . Unions mobilized teachers in other states , though they also had little collective bargaining power with districts .
Like Arizona , Oklahoma is a right-to-work state , where teachers spent two weeks on strike , even after money was approved for teacher raises and more school funding . West Virginia officials said a strike was illegal , but the nine-day action led to a 5 percent pay increase , much lower than what Arizona teachers have been offered .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
OF STATE CERTIFICATE
OF ASSUMED NAME
Minnesota Statutes , 333
The filing of an assumed name does not provide a user with exclusive rights to that name . The filing is required for consumer protection in order to enable customers to be able to identify the true owner of a business .
ASSUMED NAME :
Vivid Renovations
PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS :
6321 163rd Lane NW
Ramsey , MN 55303
NAMEHOLDER ( S ) :
Feigum Group LLC
6321 163rd Lane NW
Ramsey , MN 55303
I , the undersigned , certify that I am signing this document as the person whose signature is required , or as agent of the person ( s ) whose signature would be required who has authorized me to sign this document on his/her behalf , or in both capacities . I further certify that I have completed all required fields , and that the information in this document is true and correct and in compliance with the applicable chapter of Minnesota Statutes . I understand that by signing this document I am subject to the penalties of perjury as set forth in Section 609.48 as if I had signed this document under oath .
DATE FILED : September 25 , 2017
SIGNED BY : Cheyenne Moseley
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6 , 13 , 2017
741830
In the battle to dominate the luxury market , premium brands have been racing to fill every possible niche , from sports cars to SUVs . But the latest entry is likely to take loyalists by surprise — because the newest vehicle from Mercedes is none other than a pickup truck .
This is no bare-bones work vehicle , however ; the X-Class offers the sort of high-line features one expects from Mercedes , from heated leather seats to a studio-grade audio system .
The Mercedes-Benz X-Class pickup .
Why now ?
The pickup segment “ is ripe for a premium vehicle , ” much like the SUV market was , not that long ago , said Dieter Zetsche , the head of Mercedes-Benz and CEO of the brand 's parent , Daimler AG . While Zetsche is right about demand for luxury pickups , the reality is that Mercedes is already late to the party .
Less than two months ago , Ford launched the all-new F-Series Super Duty Limited . It may not boast quite the chic of a Mercedes , but it shares many of the features — including two-tone leather seats ; premium stitched leather-wrapped steering wheel , armrests , and instrument panel ; and hand-finished dark ash wood trim . It starts at $ 87,100 and nudges closer to $ 95,000 when fully loaded .
Classic luxury cars , like the full-size Mercedes-Benz S-Class and the BMW 7-Series are “ dodo birds , ” contends Michael O'Brien , a group marketing manager for Ford 's light truck family of products . And recent sales numbers suggest he 's right . Among traditional luxury brands , SUVs like the Mercedes GLE , the Audi Q5 , and the Lincoln MKX dominate the charts .
Related : What 's the favorite vehicle for those earning over $ 200,000 ?
But a closer look reveals that , based on price , pickups are the most popular vehicles in the U.S. luxury segment , and if you count all the Ford F-Series models priced in traditional luxury territory , the Detroit automaker outsells not just Mercedes but Audi and Lexus , as well .
According to industry data , the average pickup truck now goes for just under $ 47,000 and , if anything , there 's a push to continue adding more high-line content , noted O'Brien . The premium F-Series King Ranch edition was followed by the more luxurious Platinum model which begat the new Super Duty Limited .
The same pattern has repeated itself at Fiat Chrysler Automobile 's Ram brand , at Chevrolet and at General Motors ' more exclusive truck arm , GMC . Sales of the top-line GMC Sierra Denali pickup have been growing far faster than for base models of the truck .
Ford - America 's truck leader - today pulls off the wraps of a new F-Series Super Duty Limited that sets new luxury standards for high-end heavy-duty truckers .
The Crew Cab Denali starts at $ 57,250 — almost $ 2,000 more than the most popular Mercedes sedan , the E 300 4Matic . For the money you get such things as heated and cooled leather seats , a 4G Wi-Fi hotspot , an 8-inch touchscreen infotainment system , and semi-autonomous features like lane-keep assist . Buyers also get the ability to haul a trailer weighing as much as 9,400 pounds .
Most are n't being used for work
According to industry data , at least half of all full-size pickups are now being sold as luxury-oriented models . That should n't be a surprise , since more than half of all pickups are sold to those who do n't necessarily need the vehicles for work .
“ Everyone wants these loaded-out trucks , ” said Sandor Piszar , the truck marketing manager at Chevrolet . “ They offer just about everything you can get in a luxury car — and they can haul and tow. ” And the “ toys ” that they tow : boats , RVs , and horse trailers , are often more expensive than the truck .
The push up-market has taken Detroit 's automakers by surprise . And as fast as they 've added features , buyers have been demanding more . Ford made a big leap when it launched an all-new version of its light-duty F-150 two years ago and its Super Duty last year .
Related : Electric is hot , but gas is n't dead yet
GM 's pickups do n't have some must-have luxury features , such as power tilt/telescope steering wheels and LED headlamps , noted analyst Dave Sullivan of AutoPacific , but he said GM is likely to up its game in terms of `` content , craftsmanship , and materials ” with the 2019 line of full-size pickups .
He expects the same thing with the next-generation Ram trucks , though the FCA truck brand just launched its most expensive pickup model ever , the Tungsten Edition , which starts at $ 56,515 and adds such features as a huge , vertically oriented touchscreen similar to what is found in a Tesla Model S .
For now , the push into the luxury segment is focused on full-size pickups , but as demand has rebounded for the long-declining midsize segment , Chevy 's Piszar hints that the brand expects to up its game with its Colorado model , as well . The sibling GMC brand is already offering a Denali version of its midsize Canyon Denali truck that quickly tops $ 45,000 .
The definition of “ luxury ” is a matter of debate . Stephanie Brinley , an analyst with IHS Automotive , insists it is a matter of “ the brand as much as the content ” of a vehicle . Ironically , past attempts to sell pickups with luxury badges have failed for both Ford 's Lincoln and GM 's Cadillac .
As for Mercedes , it is n't offering the X-Class in the U.S. — at least for now . But German officials say that they 're watching the surge in sales for high-line pickups and may reverse that decision in the near future .
Cultural and Religious Diversity at a Crossroad : The Promotion of Equal Citizenship Rights to Deconstruct and Eliminate the Vulnerability of People
Dr. Hanif Hassan Ali Al Qassim , Chairman of the Geneva Centre for Human Rights Advancement and Global Dialogue
GENEVA , May 30 2018 ( Geneva Centre ) - The world 's population now stands at approximately 7 billion people spread among 7 continents . The United Nations is comprised of 194 States . There are more ethnicities than the world 's countries . It is estimated that there are more than 6,500 languages worldwide . The Earth 's population is divided among major world religions and civilizations that have contributed to the world 's evolution since time immemorial . The Earth is a cultural mosaic and an arena of dynamic interchange between cultures and civilizations .
Despite the fact that the world has a long history of multi-culturalism and our individual and collective experiences have been enriched accordingly , current trends invoke concern for the future . In Europe , the re-birth of populist xenophobia and right wing extremism is a reality . Populist parties are securing electoral victories in local and national elections . They have re-emerged as an active political force gaining support from different layers of society . An Orwellian future – destructive to the ideals of an open and tolerant world society – seems to beckon . Comments such as these portend a future of intolerance : “ We do n't see these people as Muslim refugees . We see them as Muslim invaders , ” and “ Multiculturalism is a fiction . Once you let migrants in , you can face such problem. ” These inflammatory sentiments expressed by decision-makers in Central Europe mark their strong opposition to the influx of people on the move seeking refuge in Europe . The fear of the Other has emerged as the magical Silver Bullet in political campaigns worldwide . It is an antagonistic issue being used to gain power and popularity undermining authentic leadership and real concern for people .
The cultural and religious heritage of societies in the Middle East and North Africa is under threat . Since 1991 , the Arab region has witnessed major armed conflicts in Iraq , Yemen . Libya , Sudan and Syria . The results after 15 years of warfare : approximately 15 million people displaced and more than 500,000 casualties . And the numbers are likely to increase in view of recent military escalation in Syria . The bereavement brought to the Arab region has also paved the way for the destruction of multicultural and multi-religious societies . In Iraq , only 1/10 of the Christian population , remains in their homeland . The same pattern prevails in other Arab countries , such as Syria , where ethnic and religious minorities once constituted a significant share of the population . However , decades of foreign interference and armed conflict have left their mark on the future of the Arab region . No wonder El Roto , the famous cartoonist of El País , said : “ We send them bombs , and they send us migrants ” .
How can we turn this tide and identify a process that enhances the celebration of diversity ?
Attaining equal citizenship rights is the best way to defuse tensions and create resilient and cohesive societies . The prerequisite for achieving it is to harness the power of all religions , creeds and value-systems to promote and enhance equal citizenship rights . All major world religions implicitly advocate equal citizenship rights . Islam , Christianity , Judaism , Buddhism , Hinduism and Confucianism teach us that no one is superior or inferior to one another . The Holy Scriptures – through their discourses promote messages of love , equality and fraternity , which underpin equal citizenship rights . The foundation for common action of all religions , creeds and value systems to advance equal citizenship rights is therefore rooted in the ideals of these great world faith systems . Unfortunately , these systems have been hijacked for destructive purposes .
Inspired by this vision , the Geneva Centre will convene a major world conference entitled “ Religions , Creeds and/or Other Value Systems : Joining Forces to Enhance Equal Citizenship Rights ” on 25 June 2018 at the United Nations Office at Geneva . Under the patronage of HRH Prince El Hassan bin Talal of Jordan , it will bring together leaders from the world 's main religions , whether spiritual or lay , to give further concrete substance to the ideals that unite humanity . Religious leaders , politicians and community leaders must recommit themselves to identify appropriate ways to muster support for the promotion of equal citizenship rights . Ultimately , when equal citizenship rights are achieved , and all citizens can enjoy indiscriminately the same rights , privileges and duties , they will be looked upon as equal citizens as prescribed in the holy books and as imagined by all of the Prophets .
In times when religion has been considered as a source of division , the unified voice of all religions and value systems could reverse and roll-back the spread of hatred , bigotry , racism and the fear of the Other . Greater prominence must be given to rediscover commonalities between major world religions , creeds and value systems so as to give people a sense of belonging guided by harmony , diversity , unity and equal citizenship rights . Although not a panacea , the latter is a major building block in restoring peace and breaking the cycle of fear which has reached a level not witnessed since the end of the Second World War .
The World Conference will be the ultimate starting-point to break down the walls of ignorance and prejudice that are becoming – alas ! – the hallmark of modern society .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
The latest effort to come up with a male birth control pill has found a formulation that appears to be safe .
But the experimental pill has at least one of the same problems that plague female birth control pills : it caused the men to gain weight . It 's also not yet clear how well it works .
Even though the researchers said they were “ very excited ” by the results , they have n't been testing it long enough to show whether it decreases sperm production , and they have n't shown whether it stops couples from conceiving .
Nonetheless , it may be the best hope yet for a non-permanent male contraceptive , said Stephanie Page of the University of Washington School of Medicine .
“ Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom , ” Page told a news conference .
The pill Page 's team tested is called dimethandrolone undecanoate ( DMAU ) and it ‘ s tweaked version of previous failed efforts to develop a male pill . It is being developed with funding from the National Institutes of Health .
The last big hope for a male birth control pill fell apart in 2016 when the drug was shown to damage the liver . It also required two doses a day. ” It 's hard enough to remember to take a pill once a day , ” Page said .
Her team tested 100 male volunteers and came up with good results from 82 of them . Some got sugar pills and the rest got varying doses of DMAU .
“ Individuals on all the doses had remarkably low testosterone levels , ” Page said . And the levels recovered within days of stopping the pills , the team told a meeting in Chicago of the Endocrine Society .
Related : Cancer drug affects sperm count
More importantly , there were no major side-effects . “ Despite testosterone levels that were very low , the men had no symptoms , ” Page said . “ No hot flashes — the men had normal moods , ” she added .
“ We did see some mild weight gain and a little bit of a change in cholesterol levels , ” she added . The men gained between 3 and 9 pounds , and their HDL or “ good ” cholesterol levels fell slightly , something that might , over time , raise heart disease risk .
Plus the pills must be taken with food or they wo n't work .
The next step is to see if the pills decrease sperm production . The team is starting that trial now that they 've shown the drug is safe in the short term . Then they 'll have to test it in men who are married or in other long-term relationships with women .
“ Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom . '' “ Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom . ''
DMAU works by interrupting the signal between the brain and the testicles , Page said . “ Testosterone production is blocked and therefore sperm are not able to finish their last stages of maturation , ” she said .
One big question has always been whether men would actually take a birth control pill reliably , since they 're not the ones who bear the burden of pregnancy .
“ We 're often asked if there was a contraceptive if men would be interested in using it , ” Page said .
“ There has been very nice work in this area demonstrating that men across the globe — various races , ethnicities and across socioeconomic groups — are actually very interested in contraception , ” she added . “ And 60 to 80 percent of men surveyed in such studies say if there was a reversible contraceptive available , they would be very interested in using it . ”
The War on Drugs are a band steeped in Americana sounds , so it makes sense they 'd join the chorus of artists who 've performed in-concert covers to pay tribute to Tom Petty . The band picked “ Time To Move On , ” a cut from Petty 's 1994 effort Wildflowers . Watch the War on Drugs ' cover , performed at last night 's stop at the Greek in Los Angeles , below . Fleet Foxes , Wilco , and Against Me ! are a few of the other acts who also performed tributes over the past week .
Lancashire is ready for the introduction of the new £1 coin , businesses claim .
The new coin , to launch in March , is aimed at cracking down on the number of fake coins in circulation .
Challenge : The new �1 coin is set to cause some challenges for businesses
The new pound coin is set to be the most difficult to forge ever , has 12 sides , micro-lettering , made out of two metals , and is lighter than the existing coin .
Between March and September next year both new and old pound coins should be accepted everywhere from corner shops to parking machines .
But after that , the old pound coins will no longer be either given in change or accepted by shops .
The change has prompted concern will cause problems for coin-operated machines such as vending machines , games and supermarket trolleys .
Challenge : The new �1 coin is set to cause some challenges for businesses
But businesses in the region say they have been preparing and although it will be time consuming , will not cause a major issue .
A spokesperson for Red Rose Leisure , based in Fleetwood Street , Preston , said they would be sending out engineers to all their fruit machines , juke boxes and arcade games across the North West .
She said : “ We 've just had to do it for the machines that take £5 notes , and now we 'll have to do it again for all the machines .
“ It 's quite a big job really , and there 's no compensation for it , you just have to do it .
New one pound coin
“ There is the side of it that you wo n't get the fakes , but to be honest , we do n't get many of them anyway . They tend to be lighter and the machines recognise them . ”
Babs Murphy , chief executive of the North & Western Lancashire Chamber of Commerce said : “ Businesses were informed of the introduction of the new pound coin some months ago . The majority of businesses have sensibly prepared well in advance for the changes coming in . Clearly not all businesses will have planned for the introduction of the new pound coins but it is n't a really difficult and costly exercise to implement. ” c
A Royal Mint spokesman said : “ The Royal Mint and HM Treasury have been consulting with industry , including organisations in the cash services industry , coin handling equipment manufacturers and representative organisations and individual companies in sectors with high cash transactions e.g . retail , transport and leisure industries .
“ The Royal Mint has made samples of the new £1 coin available to manufacturers and operators of coin handling equipment for the testing , development and implementation of equipment upgrades . ”
NEW YORK — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas , authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever 's behind the blasts : Talk to us .
The Austin police chief 's direct appeal , complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons , reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there 's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best . It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next .
“ It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person , ” said Randall Rogan , a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case . “ It gives ( perpetrators ) a sense of satisfaction , of pride , of accomplishment , that they are in charge . ”
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month , and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack . Unlike the previous bombings , which involved packages left on doorsteps , the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line . Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured .
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case .
Rogan said as time passes , it 's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition , something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communique or manifesto . He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger .
“ This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future , ” Rogan said .
Robert Taylor , a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas , said eventually there will be a break in the case , but how long it will take remains to be seen .
“ Something will come up somewhere . It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator , or someone will just blab in a bar , ” he said .
For now , though , the police chief 's plea suggests they have n't reached that point .
“ It 's a sign there 's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person , ” Taylor said .
Every tiny piece of the bombs ' remnants , though , holds the potential to unlock the mystery .
Mary Ellen O'Toole , a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases , including the Unabomber , and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University , said because bombs require so many components , they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind .
“ They 're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber , ” she said of investigators .
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair , a skin fragment , a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator . Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires , tape , the skill and neatness in which they were constructed , and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is .
“ Even the way they bend or roll the wire , ” said Michael Bussell , a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University .
The Unabomber case , which launched with its first blast in 1978 , provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions .
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco , the big break in the case did n't come for 17 years , when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto . Even then , Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities .
O'Toole said it 's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence , but that bombers share some characteristics . They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target . They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb , but also of transporting it to neighbourhoods where people live and they could easily be caught . And because the bombings have continued , they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again .
“ If this bomber is being motivated , in part , by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear , and depending on how addictive that feeling is , ” she said , “ that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time . ”
——
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky//twitter.com/sedensky
TORONTO — A South Korean news agency says two Korean nationals were among ten people killed when a van mounted a sidewalk and rammed into pedestrians in Toronto .
The Yonhap News Agency is citing government officials as saying three others are unaccounted for .
It also says one Korean national was seriously injured in the incident that took place Monday afternoon .
One of the people who died in the van attack has been identified as Anne Marie D'Amico , who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm .
Seneca College says a female student was also among those killed in the incident .
Alek Minassian , a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill , Ont. , has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
More to come .
Harding High wins state 4A football championship : Coach dances
Harding High battled Scotland County in the NCHSAA Football Championship game at BB & T Field in Winston-Salem , NC on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Harding defeated Scotland County 30-22 . Following the victory head coach Sam Greiner did a little dance for the team .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
On most days , ICYMI , a millennial-focused channel on YouTube , looks like a standard , BuzzFeed-style digital media knockoff .
There is , however , one distinct difference between ICYMI 's videos and any other two-minute news blast on YouTube : Host Polly Boiko 's monologues are part of Russia Today , the English-language media company known as RT and backed by the Russian government .
NBC News discovered the connection through registration information of ICYMI 's website , which lists the same entity as the registration for RT 's website .
Most of ICYMI 's videos have the same look . Boiko stands in front of a green screen with bright , bouncy graphics and a comic-book-style font as she speaks into the camera about various news topics . In one video , she recaps events including the Olympics and the Oscars . Other videos , labeled “ quickies , ” feature quirky stories , like marijuana dispensary security guards who claimed mice stole the company 's stash .
But in between those fun videos about internet oddities , the channel publishes diatribes from Boiko about international scandals , pushing the same talking points as those found on other Russia-backed channels such as Russia Today . In one video , Boiko discusses the poisoning of U.K. double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter — with users having no clear way of knowing about the video 's connection to Russia 's media efforts .
In another , Boiko , in a “ Dark Side of the Moon ” Pink Floyd T-shirt , complains that the West blames Russia for all of its problems .
Polly Boiko , clad in a `` Dark Side of the Moon '' Pink Floyd T-shirt , complains that the West blames Russia for all its problems . ICYMI via YouTubenull
Behind slick graphics and poppy background music , ICYMI has managed to evade YouTube 's new efforts to identify Russian propaganda for over three months . ICYMI is featured on RT 's “ shows ” page .
ICYMI showcases the increasing complexity of Russia 's efforts to spread its talking points across the internet , often in ways that make it nearly impossible to identify such channels as being backed by a foreign country . The internet-savvy content looks and sounds like many other popular , youth-oriented media brands , helping it avoid YouTube 's new policy of placing banners that denote acceptance of government funding while building up an audience .
In February , YouTube said it would start labeling videos created by the Russian government , like ones pushed by RT , with a disclaimer that says the channel “ is funded in whole or in part by the Russian government , ” along with a link to RT 's Wikipedia page . In November 2017 , RT said it would comply with requests from the Justice Department to register as a foreign agent .
ICYMI does not have that disclaimer . NBC News reached out to YouTube about ICYMI 's ties to the Russian government , asking how the company went about identifying propaganda accounts .
“ Unfortunately we do n't comment on specific channels , ” a YouTube spokesperson said . The company did not respond to follow-up questions about the channel .
ICYMI launched on YouTube , Facebook , Twitter and Instagram in January , and its most recent Facebook video about Skripal 's poisoning drew more than 135,000 views in five days .
In that video , Boiko , a former RT reporter , falsely claims that U.K. Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn had said Russia “ definitely did n't ” poison Skripal . Corbyn has said he is seeking “ incontrovertible evidence ” that the Kremlin carried out the attack , but has made no definitive claims .
“ This beardy pacifist says Russia definitely did n't do it , ” Boiko says of Corbyn and the Skripal poisoning in one video . “ But do you want to believe someone who 's been fighting for human rights his entire life ? ”
Anna Belkina , deputy editor-in-chief and head of communications for RT , confirmed that ICYMI is part of RT and said that it takes issue with YouTube 's characterization of content on RT 's channels .
“ ICYMI is prominently featured as a show on the RT.com website and is helmed by a well-known RT reporter , ” Belkina wrote . “ Although YouTube elected to add channel information to accompany videos from certain outlets that exist on their platform , it remains purely the choice of the platform to do this , and we do n't always agree with their selective classification of some channels with certain prejudicial language . ”
Boiko declined to comment .
Russia 's backing
ICYMI 's website , ICYMI.tv , was registered on Jan. 15 to the same entity as RT 's official website . ICYMI.tv and Kub.media , a Russian-language propaganda site , were both purchased by the Russian propaganda network this year .
Clint Watts , a former FBI counterintelligence agent who testified before Congress about Russia 's disinformation campaign last year , called ICYMI a prime example of Russia “ catching up ” with the new rules created by tech giants to limit the reach of its propaganda .
“ The idea with the most advanced actors is to play to the terms of service , to play within the new terms , ” Watts said . ” They 're gon na keep adapting , and these companies are going to keep adapting to [ the propaganda channels ] .
Polly Boiko discusses the poisoning of UK double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter — without users knowing about the video 's connection to Russia 's media efforts . ICYMI via YouTubenull
Watts called it an “ exploit , ” saying social media companies will have to be as creative as the propaganda outlets trying to find loopholes in their service .
“ It takes a lot of research , but with the social media companies they 're going to have to chase this , ” Watts said . “ The most persistent information threats , like RT , are always going to identify the terms of service and then do what they can to get around them . ”
This is not the Kremlin 's first shot at creating off-brand versions of popular online American news outlets .
In the Now , an imitation of popular startup NowThis News that has its own section of RT.com , stripped all of its RT branding from its channels in 2016 . It also registered its website , InTheNow.Media , using RT 's domain registration address in 2016 .
On Twitter , In the Now changed its username from @ InTheNowRT to @ InTheNow_Tweet in June of 2016 . Its pages make no reference of the media brand 's ties to the Russian government .
Still , In the Now has managed to rack up over 3.3 million followers on Facebook , over 300,000 more than BuzzFeed News 's account . Unlike YouTube , Facebook does not flag any sites , including RT , In the Now , and ICYMI , as being funded by the Russian government .
In the Now and ICYMI make no mention of their Russian funding in their biography or in the “ about ” sections on Facebook or Twitter .
Mainstream praise
At last year 's Shorty Awards , which honors the “ best people and organizations in social media , ” In the Now won the audience honors award in the Facebook Presence category . In the Now 's Russian government funding had not been disclosed on The Shorty Awards ' website .
A video posted to In the Now 's Facebook and YouTube accounts last Wednesday captioned “ Smells like WMDs ” featured host Anissa Naouai pushing the Kremlin party line that Russia 's ally Syria was not responsible for this month 's chemical weapons attack in Douma .
Overt Russian government outlets like RT and Sputnik had been pushing the same theory in the past week .
Spreading doubt over Assad 's use of chemical weapons on his own people has been a staple of Russian media outlets over the past several years .
United Counties League
Premier Division
Northampton ON Chenecks 5
Harrowby United 0
Harrowby United endured another painful result on a bright but very breezy afternoon at the Old Northamptonians Sports Sround . Late squad withdrawals meant the Arrows fielded only 10 players .
With a player down and the hosts with the wind behind them , the Arrows were under the cosh from the start . Chenecks got numbers forward , looking for an early goal , but Harrowby kept the score level until the 15th minute .
The ball was lost cheaply in midfield and Chenecks crossed into the box , finding Brandon Williams with time and space to knock the ball past a helpless Chris Bennett in the Arrows goal .
The home side 's second goal arrived seven minutes later when a move down the right saw another cross into the Harrowby penalty area pick out an unmarked player . This time the recipient was Luke Tolworthy who calmly slotted past Bennett .
Two minutes later , Harrowby midfielder Matt Clarke lost possession and Chenecks quickly moved the ball forward to Williams who was brought down in the penalty area by makeshift centre back George McCartney .
The resulting spot kick was superbly saved by Bennett , diving to his left to turn the ball around the post . But the corner that followed was cruelly headed home by an unmarked Ben Diamond to put the Northampton side three up .
Harrowby created their first real chance after 33 minutes after a good run down the right flank by Ben Browne . He pulled the ball back to Liam Jaques who was unfortunate to see his low shot well blocked by Chenecks centre back Tom Caton .
Some solid defending by the Arrows , whose heads did n't drop throughout the game , kept the score at three goals to nil at the break , with Bennett producing another fine save two minutes before the half time whistle .
To their credit , the Arrows looked to get back into the game after the interval and , after 50 minutes , Scott Floyd did well to carry the ball to the edge of the box before trying a shot which drifted just wide .
Harrowby worked hard to keep Chenecks at bay but tired legs saw them concede two goals in the last 10 minutes .
A ball played into the box from the left saw the Harrowby defence appeal for offside but substitute Adam Hancock , who was just played onside by Nick Eatough , controlled the ball and slotted past Bennett for goal number four . A cruel fifth goal was added two minutes from time when another substitute , Elliott Muddiman , got on the end of a good through-ball from midfield and scuffed a shot which somehow found its way through the legs of an unfortunate Bennett and into the net .
Full credit to the 10 men of the Arrows who , to a man , worked tirelessly all afternoon for no reward .
Harrowby United : Bennett , Eatough , Quinn , Currall ( c ) , McCartney , Floyd , Jaques , Clarke , Browne , Matongo .
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) Kansas freshman Josh Jackson has announced he will enter the NBA draft .
Jackson , who released a statement on Monday , was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game . He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament 's Elite Eight .
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J . Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group .
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa , California . He says in the statement that after ” consulting with my family , I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball . ”
He added that he was thankful for ” all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas . ”
—
More AP college basketball : www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Stay connected : The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news , highlights , scores , standings , and analysis all for FREE . Download for iOS ( Apple ) or Download for Android
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
How 's this for a hero 's journey : In July 2010 , one Bitcoin cost just 5 cents . In December 2017 , that figure rose to nearly $ 20,000 . And within the last 24 hours , the price fell below $ 8,000 — and the global cryptocurrency market lost more than $ 100 billion .
If you 've heard Bitcoin as a buzzword but are at a loss when it comes to the definition , you 're not alone . Just 24 percent of U.S. adults are familiar with Bitcoin — but that has n't stopped the digital currency 's circulation value from swelling to more than $ 152 billion despite the recent downturn . That 's like a Powerball jackpot on steroids — and a big reason Bitcoin has been such a hot topic recently . Whether you want to be able to talk intelligently about it at a cocktail party or are seriously considering putting some money into it , here 's what you need to know .
Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen , but you do n't have the bills in your hands . Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen , but you do n't have the bills in your hands .
What Is Bitcoin ?
Bitcoin is one type of digital currency ( or “ cryptocurrency ” ) , dreamed up by an anonymous inventor in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis . Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen , but you do n't have the bills in your hands . In the case of Bitcoin and other digital currencies , however , there is no standardized physical representation ( like a dollar bill ) — the assets exist only in digital form . There 's also no regulation . The payment network that allows the digital tokens to move between individuals is n't managed by any one entity ( like the government ) or company ( like Visa , Wells Fargo or Venmo ) . Instead , it 's decentralized , made possible by a system of computers around the world . You ca n't use it for many purchases . Some large retailers like Overstock and Expedia have made headlines by starting to accept it , but they 're outliers . And transactions are private ; in fact , many users value the degree of anonymity that digital currencies offer .
How Does Bitcoin Work ?
The technology that makes Bitcoin and other digital currencies work is called blockchain , which Mercina Tillemann , chief operating officer at the Global Blockchain Business Council , says is kind of like a set of railroad tracks . `` In order for me to get something from me to anywhere else , I need that framework — [ those tracks ] — to exist. ” Bitcoin is like a train car that travels on top of the tracks . When you send Bitcoin to someone , the transaction is verified by computers all over the world . The computer or data center that verifies the transaction first ( it involves solving a complex mathematical equation ) is rewarded in the form of a Bitcoin payment , says Kyle Forkey , general partner at Amentum , a cryptocurrency investment firm . ( People and groups who race to do this can turn a significant profit . )
Until recently , it was difficult to move something digitally without the risk of it being copied or altered in the process . For example , think about when you send someone an email — you retain the original , and they receive a copy . If the same thing happened when you sent money , it 'd be a real problem , says Tilleman . That 's why we currently rely on intermediaries — banks , credit unions , companies like PayPal — to make sure that doubling-up issue never occurs . These middlemen charge fees for ensuring that when you send someone money , you 're parting ways with it completely , and the other person is legitimately receiving it . With Bitcoin , there 's also always an intermediary — it 's whoever is managing the transaction , whether an exchange or other platform . But because there are no restrictions on who can participate ( and no account minimums ) , they 're not the traditional financial services players .
Mark Minichiello has signed a one-year contract extension at Hull FC , keeping him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
The 36-year-old has become the latest member of Lee Radford 's side to agree a new contract with the Black and Whites , meaning the Italian international will enter a fifth season with Hull FC in 2019 .
He has made over 100 appearances since joining Hull , helping the club win the Challenge Cup in both 2016 and 2017 .
“ I 'm delighted to have signed on the dotted line for 2019 , ” he said . “ I 've been here four years now and really happy to make it my fifth season at the club next year .
“ Now it 's all sorted hopefully I can purely concentrate on matters on the field in the next few weeks as we push for Old Trafford . ”
Now 36 , Minichiello says he still feels in a strong physical condition thanks to his rigorous health regime he has undertaken throughout his career .
“ Most players are retired at my age but personally , I 'm still feeling really physically fit , ” he said . I 've always strived to look after myself and luckily it seems to have worked and I 've bought a few more years at the back end of my career .
“ The coaching staff and the conditioners have played a role in my fitness too . They manage us really well individually and specific programmes for each player .
“ That makes it a lot easier for older players like myself to keep going , and that 's a big credit to them . ”
Head coach Lee Radford added : “ Mini 's quality was never in doubt when he joined the club . He 's been huge on and off the field since 2015 . Mark is the most professional player I have ever come across , and right up there with the likes of Craig Fitzgibbon and Richard Swain .
“ He does some outlandish things to get those one percent to give us an advantage , like sleep patterns for example , but it works for him so credit to him . He 's 36 and in great condition so he 's doing something right .
“ He 's head and shoulders above anyone else I 've met with regards to how he prepares for a game . He 's brilliant to have around the club . ”
Doug Whaley says he did not have input in Rex Ryan firing
The power structure within the Buffalo Bills organization seems a little bit muddled .
General manager Doug Whaley said in his season-ending press conference Monday that he had no say in Rex Ryan 's firing , deflecting all blame or credit to the ownership level . In fact , he could n't even tell you the reasoning behind it .
Doug Whaley said the decision to fire Rex Ryan was one made between Terry Pegula and Rex Ryan . He was n't involved . — Matthew Fairburn ( @ MatthewFairburn ) January 2 , 2017
Doug Whaley says he speaks for ownership and the team president . Says ownership issued a statement on the firing of Rex Ryan . — Matthew Fairburn ( @ MatthewFairburn ) January 2 , 2017
Doug Whaley said he did n't feel the need to speak after ownership issued a statement on Rex Ryan 's firing . — Matthew Fairburn ( @ MatthewFairburn ) January 2 , 2017
# Bills GM Doug Whaley : Rex asked to speak to Pegula privately , and I was then informed that Rex was no longer our head coach . — Joe Buscaglia ( @ JoeBuscaglia ) January 2 , 2017
NFL Network 's Andrew Siciliano indicated that the press conference got a bit testy as Whaley was repeatedly pressed about Ryan 's firing .
Doug Whaley repeatedly says he was n't `` privy '' to conversation that led to Rex Ryan 's firing . Most contentious 7-9 presser I 've seen . — Andrew Siciliano ( @ AndrewSiciliano ) January 2 , 2017
Doug Whaley wo n't offer an opinion on whether it was the right decision to fire Rex Ryan . Asked repeatedly , he says he has n't thought of it . — Andrew Siciliano ( @ AndrewSiciliano ) January 2 , 2017
Quotes like this do n't paint a picture of a stable , smoothly run organization . It gets worse when you remember this quote from interim coach Anthony Lynn about Tyrod Taylor 's benching . The coach does n't seem to have a say in whom the personnel are , and the general manager claims to not have a say in whether the coach is retained or not .
110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Feeding Programme in Ondo
The Ondo State Government says over 110 , 000 pupils will benefit from the Homegrown School Feeding Programme which took off on Monday . Mrs Olubunmi Ademosun , Special Adviser to Gov . Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Multilateral and Inter Governmental Affairs , made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Tuesday in Akure . [ … ]
The post 110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Feeding Programme in Ondo appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tiger Woods had pain , anxiety and sleep drugs in system during arrest . ( Source : Jupiter Police Department/CNN )
( CNN ) - We are learning more about the state of Tiger Woods on the night of his DUI arrest .
Monday , Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office released its toxicology report from Woods ' arrest on Memorial Day .
The famous golfer was taken into custody after he was found asleep on the side of a road in his 2015 Mercedes-Benz .
Woods told authorities that he had an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications .
Monday 's toxicology report shows Woods had pain , anxiety and sleep medications in his system at the time of his arrest . As well as THC , the active ingredient in marijuana .
Experts warn against mixing some of those medications .
In June , Woods announced he was receiving professional help to manage his medications .
Last week , he entered a DUI first-offender program .
Woods ' arraignment is set for Oct. 25 .
Copyright 2017 CNN . All rights reserved .
The crash happened on Freedom 's Way near the intersection of LaGrange Road . ( Source : Air 3/WAVE 3 News )
SHELBYVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - At least one person has been injured in a head-on crash that shut down a busy road in Shelbyville .
A Shelby County dispatcher said the incident happened on Freedom 's Way near the intersection of LaGrange Road about 2:30 p.m. Monday . Freedom 's Way is closed because of the crash .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
A medical helicopter flew a patient from the scene of the crash to University of Louisville Hospital for treatment .
The cause of the crash is not known .
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Crash between TARC bus , SUV ; injuries reported
+ Victim of fiery Adair Co. crash identified
+ Police rescue 12-year-old boy from pond
This story will be updated .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
A busy junction ground to a halt after a collision between a car and a tipper truck .
Emergency services were called to the crossroads in the middle of Standish after the incident involving a blue Ford Focus and a red skip loader just before noon on Friday .
Following the impact the car ended up colliding with the railings outside Winnard and Brown estate agents .
A 50-year-woman who was in the car was trapped in her vehicle and had to be rescued by the fire and ambulance services .
She was checked over by paramedics but had sustained no injuries .
The driver of the truck was also unhurt .
The incident , where High Street , Market Street , Preston Road and School Lane all meet , caused some disruption to motorists travelling in the middle of the day .
Rectory Lane was blocked for a time with emergency services vehicles as crews helped the woman and made the scene safe .
Officers from Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) directed traffic around the scene , which was still ongoing at around 12.45pm .
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers ' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
We use cookies to personalize content , features and ads . We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services .
The Howard family pictures and front part of their home will remain intact and be restored . ( Source : WAVE 3 News )
The Howard family home is nearly 200 years old . ( Source : WAVE 3 News )
JEFFERSONVILLE , IN ( WAVE ) - Nearly 200 years ago , the Howard family made their home along Michigan Avenue in Jeffersonville .
That home now belongs to the city and next week the Clark County Museum will begin restoring it as part of a plan to expand the museum . But the building 's current residents may not be willing to give the home up .
> > More Clark County news on wave3.com
`` We have big plans for that house next door , '' Jeanne Burke , with the Clark County Museum , said .
The family living next door in the old Howard family home has lived here for years . But they 're not a typical family -- they 're groundhogs .
`` They like to come out and sun themselves on the porch , '' Burke said . `` I do n't know how they 'll act when it is refurbished . They may move away on their own . ''
Lately she says the groundhogs have been digging in .
`` And I saw out of the corner of my eye , a little brown head come up from under the tractor trailer , '' Burke said .
Mostly , she said , they stay underground .
`` Here 's their hole . One of their holes , they have several , '' she told us , pointing out holes surrounding the Howard home .
Burke says they 've embraced the groundhog family here . They 've named the groundhogs after the Howard family home .
Restoring the home will bring an even stronger connection between the groundhogs and museum .
`` We are going to tunnel into it , much like groundhogs do . But we 'll be above ground , '' Burke told us . `` We 'll build a connector on the back of the museum and tunnel into the house that way . ''
The expansion will display ancient tools and utensils , as well as exhibits on the Lewis and Clark expedition , and Clark County 's role throughout different wars . The front part of the home , from 1830 , will be restored as such but the back will be turned into different exhibit features .
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Louisville bourbon tourism attraction reaches milestone
+ Local collector shows off Olympic memorabilia
+ Joe 's Older Than Dirt reopening in original location
The photo and history of the original Howards will stay , Burke said . But the current Howard family may have to move .
`` They may have to be kindly trapped and taken out to the country and let loose where they can be happy , '' she said . `` We 'll wait and see what they have to say about it . ''
The restoration will take time and donations , finishing it will likely be years down the road . For now , their neighbors can stay put .
To donate to the Clark County Museum , send a check to :
Clark County Museum
P.O . Box 749
Jeffersonville , IN 47131
For more information about the museum , check out their Facebook page .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
David Axe
Security , Asia
The Type 055 boasts 122 missile cells
China 's Giant New Cruiser Matches America 's Naval Firepower
Chinese state television has broadcast the first clear , overhead view of the Chinese navy 's first Type 055 cruiser . The image confirms what foreign analysts have expected since the new cruiser began taking shape in 2014 .
The Type 055 carries no fewer than 122 missiles in vertical cells — any mix of anti-air , anti-ship and land-attack models . That matches the weapons-loadout of the U.S. Navy 's Ticonderoga-class cruisers … and exceeds the armament of every other surface warship in the Pacific region .
The new cruiser could enter service as early as 2018 .
Recommended : America Ca n't Shoot Down a North Korean Nuke
The Type 055 — which is an estimate 590 feet long and displaces at least 10,000 tons — represents a new class of warship for the Chinese navy . When Beijing launched its naval rearmament program in the 1990s , it focused on building large numbers of small- and medium-size corvettes , frigates and destroyers .
These surface vessels patrol the Chinese coast , sail independently or in small groups to deter pirates in the Indian Ocean or act as escorts for China 's new amphibious assault ships and the country 's — so far — sole aircraft carrier , the refurbished , ex-Russian Liaoning .
Recommended : The Case for War with North Korea
Prior to the Type 055 , the biggest surface combatant in the Chinese fleet was the 7,500-ton-displacement Type o52D destroyer , six of which were in service and several others fitting out as of October 2017 . A Type 052D carries 64 missiles in vertical cells .
For comparison , the U.S. Navy 's 9,600-ton Arleigh Burke-class destroyers boast as many as 96 missile cells . Japan 's Atago-class destroyers , displacing 10,000 tons , also feature 96 cells . The 11,500-ton Russian cruiser Varyag , the biggest vessel in Moscow 's Pacific fleet , carries 120 missiles .
Recommended : China 's New Stealth Fighter Has Arrived ​
With the Type 055 , China has caught up to , or surpassed , the other Pacific powers in terms of sheer seagoing firepower . Per ship . But the Chinese fleet still lags behind the United States and barely exceeds Japan in the overall number of seagoing vertical missile cells , a useful shorthand for naval power .
China 's 39 modern destroyers and frigates — not counting the Type 055 — together can deploy around 1,500 cells . The U.S. Pacific Fleet 's 36 Burkes and 12 Ticonderogas together possess nearly 5,000 missile cells . Japan 's 19 modern destroyers carry around 1,000 cells , combined .
This first appeared in WarIsBoring here .
Read full article
Sunday 's 4-1 thumping of Bury was a landmark game for Reece James , but the defender was full of praise for a team-mate .
The ex-Man United reserve enjoyed his comeback from 19 months of injury hell , but it was another former United man in Nick Powell who was star of the show according to the 23-year-old .
We get on really well and we were both pushing each other on to get back playing Reece James
Powell 's two goals helped Latics maintain their unbeaten start to the season , and James admitted he was relieved to see the star stay at the DW .
“ I saw Nick 's ability first when I was at Manchester United , ” he said .
“ I was lucky enough to train and play with him for a long time , and I was very surprised he was still here at the start of the season .
“ It 's obviously great for us , because he 's obviously a player who can make a big difference at this level . ”
Powell has also suffered with his own injury problems at Latics , but has wasted no time in putting them behind him with a flurry of goals since his return at the back end of last season .
And James says the midfielder helped during his rehabilitation which was riddled with setbacks .
“ We get on really well and we were both pushing each other on to get back playing , ” he said .
“ That 's all you can do when you 're in that situation and we got to know each other really well .
“ Nick 's special , that 's how I would describe him . You just let him do what he wants because he is that good . ”
Meanwhile , Latics have confirmed their EFL Cup match against Aston Villa at Villa Park will take place on Tuesday , August 22 at 7.45pm .
1:27 Why is Kemba struggling ? Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
National Communications Officer of the opposition National Democratic Congress ( NDC ) has described the party 's 2016 embarrassing defeat to the New Patriotic Party ( NPP ) as a ‘ fatal political accident ” .
According to Solomon Nkaansah , some people in the party were only sought for their selfish interest rather than working for the Mahama-led government to be retained in power .
“ Some con guys only came to wine and dine with Mahama and not for the party . Defeat in party is like a commercial car involved in an accident . It brings injuries and victims get traumatized . Some are still asleep and some do n't even get hurt . If you 're the car owner you would know it was a fatal accident for the NDC party .
“ We were defeated fatally . It was a fatal accident for the NDC party . You ca n't lose close to a million gap in an election and that is why I think our lost was massive ” he stated .
Former President John Mahama became the first incumbent President to lose an election since Ghana returned to multi-party democracy in 1992 .
His party performed abysmally in the last year 's election polling 44.4 percent of valid votes cast .
The New Patriotic Party ( NPP ) led by then candidate Nana Akufo-Addo polled 53.85 percent of the valid votes cast to become Ghana 's fifth President of the Fourth Republic .
Many of the leading members of the NDC were shocked at the gargantuan defeat after running the most expensive electioneering campaign to retain John Mahama in power .
But speaking on Adom FM 's Morning Show “ Dwaso Nsem ” Thursday , Solomon Nkansah conceded his party can not absolve itself of the blame because the party lacked good communicators to match up to the then opposition NPP .
He believes the media is only trying to force the party to divulge details of what actually caused its defeat as unraveled by the Kwesi Botchway Committee but “ that would not happen .
Solomon Nkansah advised his party members to turn on a new leaf and win the heart of Ghanaians and follow recommendation by the Kwesi Botchwey report .
“ In every governance , performance is part of communication so if there are n't good messengers to sell the product the people wo n't buy . The [ Kwesi Botchwey ] report brought recommendations and has indicated we take the grassroots participation serious . With this , I urge my party members to be circumspect and follow due process ” he stressed .
Listen to Solomon
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New Year 's Day has always been regarded as the time for new beginnings , the time to cast away the bad memories of what had gone before and a time to embark on a fresh path .
But the first day of 2017 was tinged with sadness for much of the football fraternity , not the least Chester FC boss Jon McCarthy .
It marked five years since former Liverpool and Everton defender Gary Ablett lost his battle with non-Hodgkin lymphoma , a form of blood cancer , at the age of just 46 .
Ablett , the only player to win the FA Cup with both Merseyside clubs , having won it with the Reds in 1989 and the Toffees in 1995 , had long been lauded as one of the nice guys of the game , a player who commanded respect and admiration in equal measure .
It 's 19 years since Ablett first encountered the current Chester boss , who had just signed for Birmingham City in 1997 , with the two embarking on a lasting friendship that would see McCarthy being given the honour of being godfather to Ablett 's son , Jack .
And it all began at a service station just off the M6 .
Said McCarthy : `` We were thrown together . I had signed from Port Vale and it 's probably three of four games into the season and Trevor Francis ( then Birmingham City manager ) has said to me to be at Sandbach Services for this time and a couple of lads would be there to pick me up .
`` I genuinely did n't know who it was , and bearing in mind I had been playing non-league , then at York for four years , then Port Vale and I had just got this big move to Birmingham , Steve Bruce rolls up in a car . He 'd just come from Manchester United and he is my car school ! Gary Ablett was sitting in the passenger seat with a copy of the Daily Express in his hand . He used to love that '10 to tackle ' quiz they had in there . That pretty much set it up .
In pictures : Jon McCarthy 's playing career
`` They were two genuine characters . I do remember conversations about them winning championship medals and FA Cup winners medals and I remember sitting in the back thinking do I dare mention my Anglo-Italian runners-up medal ? Dare I bring that in ? I need not have worried , though .
`` They looked after me and it was a case of the sandwich run after training . Every trip was punctuated with this '10 to tackle ' and Gary used to be quiz master and would score me and Steve . He used to take it pretty seriously . He would always win . He just loved sport and he knew everything about everything . ''
McCarthy and Ablett would remain at Birmingham for two seasons together until a knee injury brought an end to the Liverpool-born defender 's career at St Andrews .
A couple of short spells with Blackpool and American side Long Island Rough Riders followed but Ablett had already set his sights on going down the coaching path , a decision that would prove a shrewd move for someone who , like McCarthy , was a student of the game .
He spent time coaching the under-17s at Everton before switching across Merseyside once more to take over as reserve team manager at Anfield , replacing Spaniard Paco Herrera .
He would prove a success in his new role , winning the Premier Reserve League in 2008 , earning his Uefa Pro Licence that same year .
( Photo : EMPICS Sport )
`` Gary picked up a nasty knee injury at Birmingham and I was involved in the game , away at Crystal Palace , '' said McCarthy .
`` That was the time when he went into the coaching side of things .
`` I remember when I was teaching at the college and I rang him , and we had n't spoke for a while . As I rang him he was as animated and excited as I 've ever known . I 'd just ring him after he 'd come out of a meeting with Rafa Benitez for the reserve team manager role at Liverpool . It was weird how I had just rung him at that time and it was just like it had always been .
`` He knew the game so well and it was a measure of how good he was that he beat off some serious competition to land the role . He was so excited .
`` I get the poignancy and sadness , and the hurt felt by his family is something I ca n't imagine , but I always raise a smile whenever I think of him .
`` It 's not just the loss of a great bloke , it 's the loss of what he could have been and what he could have done coaching wise .
`` To progress the way he was , he was clearly going to excel . ''
( Photo : EMPICS Sport )
After leaving Liverpool in 2009 , Ablett , whose son Fraser had a spell in Chester City 's youth team in the late 2000s , moved into management with Stockport County but left the cash-strapped Hatters in 2010 .
He moved back into coaching shortly after , linking up with Roy Keane at Ipswich Town . But , just weeks into his new role and the club going through their pre-season preparations , Ablett was taken ill on the training ground and rushed to hospital where he was diagnosed with the illness that would claim his life much too soon , on January 1 , 2012 .
`` I went to the funeral and just kept thinking that this should n't have happened , not to Gary , he was so fit and full of life , '' said McCarthy .
`` The turnout at his funeral showed just how well thought of he was , and you are like passing ships in football , but Gary made a mark . Both sides of Merseyside came out to honour him .
`` He had a real impact on people and I 'm sure there will be plenty of people who want to speak about Gary . But I really miss him , he was a special person and a great friend . ''
When Jo Piazza got engaged at age 34 , she had trouble finding books on marriage that resonated with her , much less any that discussed how to be married after the wedding cake has been cut and the honeymoon is over .
“ Every book written about marriage is awful and does n't relate to a modern woman , ” Piazza , who got engaged three months after meeting her husband on a boat in the Galápagos islands , told Fox News . “ They do n't give you advice to make a marriage work before it 's broken , before everyone 's sobbing on the floor . ”
8 SIGNS YOU MIGHT BE DATING A NARCISSIST
With that void in mind , Piazza decided to take matters into her own hands , gathering advice from successful married couples around the world .
“ I thought , ‘ We crowdsource everything else in our lives these days … so why ca n't I crowdsource how to make a marriage work ? ' ” the travel journalist recalled . “ So , that 's what I did . ”
9 SIGNS YOUR PARTNER MAY BE CHEATING ON YOU
The result is Piazza 's latest book , “ How to Be Married : What I Learned from Real Women on Five Continents About Surviving My First ( Really Hard ) Year of Marriage , ” in which she shares the insight she gleaned over the course of a year interviewing women in places like Africa , Scandinavia and Latin America .
Here , Piazza divulges some of those proven ways she 's learned can help make a marriage last :
1 . Take care of yourself
When Piazza traveled to politically embroiled Jerusalem , she met Jewish women whose children risk their lives daily walking to school as bombs frequently detonate in the street . It may seem counterintuitive , but to deal with that reality , they make self-care a priority , as Orthodox Judaism mandates . For example , their religion asks that women refrain from having sex with their husbands during certain times of the month in lieu of taking time for self-reflection , Piazza said . “ It 's like what the flight attendants tell you on the plane : ‘ Secure your own oxygen mask before you secure another person 's , ' ” she explained . In Jerusalem , “ Their world is typically more dangerous than ours , but the world is generally hard and dangerous , so if you 're trying to be someone else 's caretaker , you have to take care of yourself to make sure you can do that . ”
6 MYTHS ABOUT DATING OVER AGE 50 , DEBUNKED
2 . Do n't lose your identity
In France , the married women Piazza spoke with advised spending one night away from your husband , either alone or with girlfriends . “ When you 're in a marriage , there are too many people who do n't talk to their friends at all , ” Piazza said . “ Everyone else told me to take vacations away from my husband. ” In her case , Piazza has found the old adage “ Absence makes the heart grow fonder ” to be true : “ [ My husband ] is on a business trip — now , I 'm so excited to see him . ”
3 . Maintain a sense of mystery
Also in France , Piazza expected women to be relaxed about cheating and having an open marriage , but , she said , “ They debunked that myth right away — no one wants to be cheated on. ” But what they did say helps keep the flame alive in their marriages is acting like a mistress . In other words , do n't let your partner know what you 're doing all the time and do n't resort to wearing sweatpants all the time . “ Find ways to make him intrigued , put on makeup , get dressed up , wear sexy lingerie , do n't go to the bathroom in front of him , ” she said . “ I do n't feel anti-feminist saying that the more you feel sexy and vibrant , the better you 'll feel too . ”
EXPERTS SAY THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO FLIRT
4 . Communicate — but also , listen
A lot of couples in the United States do n't communicate , but even fewer listen , Piazza said . In Tulum , Mexico , marriage guru Bobby Klein posed a five-minute listening exercise in which one person speaks for five minutes and the other person has to listen without speaking . “ It 's been one of the best things we 've used in our marriage , ” Piazza said . “ It feels like a mini therapy session . ”
5 . Do n't let your job dictate your marriage
The Dutch and the Danes know a thing or two about disconnecting for the good of their marriages . Of course , Northern Europeans have shorter work weeks than Americans . But more important , their jobs end when they leave the office , and for the many of the couples Piazza spoke with , cellphones are n't allowed at the dining table or in bed . “ They value quality time more than we do , ” Piazza observed . “ Americans create more busy work instead of prioritizing their marriages . ”
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
6 . Build a support system
In Kenya and Tanzania , Piazza met polygamist tribes from whom she learned the importance of having a support system beyond the immediate partnership a marriage affords . “ In America , we often go off into these tribes of two , and it 's you and your partner against the world , ” she said . But in Africa , “ What I learned was the importance of community and delegating labor … your spouse ca n't be everything for you , and you ca n't be everything for your spouse . It 's important to have other people around you to help you take care of yourself , your spouse and your kids . ”
Drag race cars do n't normally run top speed events , such as Bonneville or any of the standing-mile races , but the team of Rick Hernandez ( car owner ) , James Meagher ( Real Street Performance—driver ) , Chris Johnson ( JMS Chip & Performance and SCT Performance—tuner ) , and Erik Raymer ( clutch man and tech support ) took Rick 's NHRA-legal 2008 Cobra Jet to NASA 's Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral , FL on February 10 , 2018 and busted off a 208.806 mph pass , resetting their own 196mph record from a previous race there .
The coolest thing is that the car , in almost exactly the same trim , has set four NHRA records during competition . About the difference in setup , Johnson said , “ The only changes to run the mile were the addition of a larger intercooler tank , the removal of the forward facing hood-scoop , and the addition of a Snow Performance water/methanol system to keep things cool . It was not our intention to make this vehicle illegal for NHRA class racing . We just wanted to go out and have some fun and see how fast it would go in NHRA-legal trim . ”
The extra 12 mph from the previous record came from freshening the tired engine ( by Chuck Trotter in Jacksonville , FL ) , SCT Performance tuning on a chassis dyno , and some “ tweaking ” of the camshaft timing . Technically , it 's still NHRA-legal—except for the water/meth kit—and uses a legal 2.3-liter TVS supercharger with the stock pulley . Car weight was 3,600 pounds and the engine was making 830hp .
The tires were also swapped from drag race-sticky to high-speed-competent NASCAR stock car Goodyears , which Meagher commented made it a little tougher to get up to speed . He also relayed that because the engine has an electric water pump ( and a mile will get the engine a lot hotter than 1,320 feet ) , he kept an eye on the temp gauge , the wideband air/fuel ratio gauge , and the centerline of the track repeatedly until it was time to pull the ‘ chute . The re-work since the last time out also allowed more rpm which contributed to more speed , obviously .
This latest pass is only the fourth standing mile run that the car has made , but the team is upgrading to Super Cobra Jet specs with a bigger blower and a goal of 230 mph . That 's cookin ' !
Special Thanks
Ford Performance
Rockett Brand Racing Fuel
JMS—PowerMAX
Real Street Performance
American Motorsports
American Racing Headers
ASNU Injectors
Ram Clutches
Snow Performance
Metco Motorsports
Cloyes Camshaft Drives
Comp Cams
SCT—X4 – Advantage software , Live Link Data Logging software
Advanced Driveline
Chuck Trotter , The Engine Guy in Jacksonville , FL
Dustin Whipple at Whipple Superchargers
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Dental students from the University of Oklahoma College of Dentistry will offer complimentary dental care for children between the ages of 4 and 12 on Feb. 25 at the OU College of Dentistry , 1201 N. Stonewall Ave .
Pakistani parliament calls for blasphemy laws reform after student 's lynching
The lawmakers condemned the lynching of the student , terming it “ clod-blooded murder ” .
The post Pakistani parliament calls for blasphemy laws reform after student 's lynching appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Experience white sand beaches , balmy air , and beach activities galore at the Aulani Resort ! Have fun boogie-boarding , paddle-boarding , snorkeling , and exploring Oahu by canoe , or relax by the sparkling water on the sand . Guests can also create incredible sandcastles , learn sculpture techniques from the resort staff , and play several complimentary beach games . Delicious food and refreshments are conveniently located on the beach to keep you and your family nourished as you splash , swim , and play.Aunty 's Beach House is the perfect place for your child to experience Hawaiian culture , art , and music with a dash of Disney magic . This 5,200-square foot kids club offers a plethora of activities and amenities including , interactive game tables , a movie room , Hawaiian arts and crafts , a play structure , and more . Hidden Disney surprises abound with enchanted fireplaces , magical portals , and visits from Disney characters ! Supervised by childcare professionals , known as Disney Youth Counselors , children embark on a journey into the imagination and parents are rest assured that their children are playing in a safe environment.Aulani , A Disney Resort and Spa92-1185 Ali'inui Dr , Kapolei , HI 96707 ( 866 ) 443-4763for more information .
By Abby Hassler
Twitter is currently ablaze with fan theories that Beyoncé in currently in labor . While most fans know that Queen Bey and Jay-Z should be expecting their twins any day now , The Shade Room shared an anonymous tip alleging the couple was spotted at a Los Angeles Hospital yesterday ( June 13 ) .
Related : Beyoncé Looks Magnificent at African-Themed Baby Shower
“ Beyonce 's security was seen leaving her Beverly Hills home this morning carrying two baby seats to a hospital in West LA , ” the insider confirmed to Hollywood Life . “ Bey and Jay 's large security team , including three well-staffed Escalades , are now waiting outside the hospital for the arrival of the twins . ”
Since yesterday , multiple sources have confirmed to Us Weekly that there is significant security presence at a L.A. hospital , which further solidifies the labor rumors .
Whether or not she actually is in labor , her supporters are certainly having fun speculating about the possibility .
Check out the fantastic BeyHive responses to the labor rumors below .
Reports are surfacing that @ Beyonce could be in labor right now 😭 https : //t.co/GteJxtSuI5 —
Juan Hustle ( @ JuanHustle ) June 14 , 2017
ppl are saying bey is in labor ! ! ! god bless ! ! ! # BeyHiveSupportsBeyonce https : //t.co/bTGECl3p1e —
will see h ! ( @ onairstyles ) June 13 , 2017
Beyoncé is in labor . the twins are on their way . https : //t.co/mmLUfGeKaH —
justin lewis ( @ justinleewis ) June 13 , 2017
Beyoncé is in labor which means I 'm in labor too sorry I ca n't study today I got ta lay in bed all day https : //t.co/aPvqTzHX8A —
Luke ( @ LucaIdek ) June 13 , 2017
Shatta Rako ‘ Fake nigga tricks '
Songwriter of the year winner at the 2016 BASS Awards Shatta Rako has kick-started the new year with yet another controversial single Fake Nigga Tricks .
Outspoken as he is , Shatta Rako calls out a number of artists without directly mentioning them however , we can certainly say Shatta Rako ca n't keep mute over some fake attitudes put up by a number of artists in the Ghanaian music industry .
According to him , a number of artists act smart and would never have anything to do with budding artists until they blow .
“ They refer to you as brother from another mother only when you go through your own hustle , blow up and they want to have a piece of you ”
Fake Nigga Tricks was produced by 1Kwame .
Stream and download below .
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
As the investigation into last week 's deadly engine failure continues , Southwest Airlines CEO Gary Kelly could face questions about whether the company 's low-cost business model – which puts its planes through frequent takeoffs and landings – is putting passengers at risk .
[ March 19 , 2018 ] New Elemica Trace Solution Delivers Shipment Risk Analysis for Digital Transformation
WAYNE , Pa. , March 19 , 2018 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Elemica , the leading Digital Supply Network for process manufacturing industries , introduces Elemica Trace , a solution that provides real-time shipment and risk visibility to customer service , transport planners , and supply chain managers , allowing them to monitor and proactively manage the movement of products to customers and inbound to manufacturing centers .
“ Shipment disruptions occur and teams can spend hours manually tracking down what is happening . What 's worse , sometimes your customer complaint is the first indication you have of a late shipment , ” said Rich Katz , CTO of Elemica . “ Trace eliminates the time and stress of tracking shipments and enables your teams to increase the positive interactions with your customers. ” Elemica Trace uses shipment data , carrier signals , a geo-location interface , and predictive algorithms to identify shipments in trouble . Users log into the solution to see real-time shipment locations , with shipments categorized based on their on-time status . Users can register to receive alerts when the soution determines the shipments to be “ Expected Late ” or “ Late. ” The intuitive map visualization within Elemica Trace is easy to use for identifying route status and delivery information with layers for satellite or traffic incidents . Users receive shipment status from carriers matched with the latest GPS updates for on-time delivery information . Capabilities to drill down into shipment by carrier , origin , products and more are available to get performance indicators for digital transformation . “ While the process manufacturing supply chain today has made progress in transactional efficiency , companies are less competent at sensing opportunities and mitigating risks due to limited supply chain visibility , ” said Lora Cecere , Founder of Supply Chain Insights , “ B2B network solutions help improve value-network integration where the true value lies in synchronization and harmonization of data into actionable information . ”
Elemica Trace is integrated with the Elemica Pulse solution for order-line visibility , allowing managers to seamlessly navigate between order-level and shipment-level information to monitor material flow and provide customers with the most up-to-date information about the arrival of their materials . With end-to-end visibility and predictive intelligence within the Elemica Digital Supply Network , companies can better monitor their supply chains with early detection of issues , improve customer satisfaction , optimize working capital and increase shareholder value . About Elemica
Elemica is the leading Digital Supply Network for the process industries . Elemica transforms supply chains by replacing manual and complex approaches with efficient and reliable ones . Launched in 2000 , customers like BASF , BP , Continental , The Dow Chemical Company , DuPont , The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company , LANXESS , Michelin , Shell , Solvay , Sumitomo Chemical , Wacker and more process nearly $ 400B in commerce value annually on the network . Elemica drives bottom line results by promoting reduced cost of operations , faster process execution , automation of key business processes , removal of transactional barriers , and seamless information flow between trading partners . For more information , visit www.elemica.com . For More Information , Contact :
Becky Boyd
MediaFirst
( 770 ) 642-2080 x 214
becky @ mediafirst.net
[ Back To TMCnet.com 's Homepage ]
Since 2013 , I have primarily covered the Anoka-Hennepin and Spring Lake Park school districts as well as the city of Spring Lake Park for ABC Newspapers .
The Anoka Police Department is looking to revive its Neighborhood Crime Watch program and is seeking neighborhood block captains . The Anoka Police Department is working to relaunch the Neighborhood Crime Watch program in the city . File photo
The program , which seeks to connect neighbors in order to prevent and expediently report crime , was cut about a decade ago with slashes to the budget and insufficient staffing levels to sustain it , according to Officer Paul Schley , head of the Community Oriented Policing and Problem-Solving division of the Anoka Police Department .
In his first year as Anoka 's police chief , Eric Peterson is working to reduce any public unease .
“ One of my initiatives is to decrease the fear of crime in our community , ” Anoka Police Chief Eric Peterson said . “ I have realized that we need to have our community watching out for each other . ”
Peterson was sworn in as chief in November 2016 . Days later , 95-year-old Albert Loehlein was found beaten to death in his Anoka home .
Peterson , with the Anoka County Attorney 's Office and Sheriff 's Office , held informational meetings for seniors feeling unsafe in their homes , and he started a new department tradition , Cookout with Cops , in August .
Resuscitating the Neighborhood Crime Watch program will be another step to keep the community connected .
“ People want to know what 's going on in their community , ” Schley said . And “ without the general public , we ca n't solve crime . ”
Crime was up in Anoka in 2016 with 20,947 calls for service coming through Anoka County Central Communications . In 2015 , there were 820 fewer calls , and 2015 marked an increase of 2,139 calls from 2014 , according to police data .
Property crimes in particular have seen increases : In 2016 , burglary was up 65 percent from the previous year with 68 instances in the city . Robbery was up 37.5 percent from 8 to 11 . Theft was up less dramatically – 4 percent – with 517 instances in 2016 compared with 497 in 2015 . Auto theft specifically was up 50 percent with 36 instances recorded .
Peterson is hopeful these instances will decrease with the Neighborhood Watch Program keeping chains of communication open between neighbors .
“ We need to enlist the help of each individual neighborhood , ” he said . “ Now is the perfect time to do that . ”
Neighborhood block captains will serve as liaisons with police , setting up community meetings and trainings and sharing ideas .
Individuals interested in serving as block captains are asked to contact Nicole Neis , crime prevention technician , at 763-576-2807 or [ email protected ] .
An initial meeting with potential block captains will be held sometime in early November , according to Schley .
Technology will make it easier for block captains to communicate with police than it might have been the last time the program was operation .
Crime mapping software was implemented in Anoka a little over a year ago .
“ It 's really an underutilized tool by the public , ” Schley said .
To see crimes reported in Anoka , visit www.communitycrimemap.com .
Editor Mandy Moran Froemming contributed to this report .
[ email protected ]
Bedfordshire Police 's Cyber Hub has received an international award for its ‘ exceptional hard work to investigate and proactively target the highest harm offenders ' .
The team won the International Award for Excellence in the Prevention/ Detective of Cyber Crime at the International Digital Intelligence and Investigation Awards on Thursday . Since January 2017 , the Cyber Hub 's workload has increased by almost 200 per cent . They 've executed almost 90 warrants , targeting people suspected of making indecent images of children , made 80 arrests , and safeguarded more than 150 children .
In December , the team secured five court convictions .
Assistant Chief Constable Mark Lay said : “ I 'm incredibly proud of the Cyber Hub for the hard work they do day in day out in protecting the most vulnerable of our society against acts of serious sexual abuse .
“ It 's only right that their work is recognised so I 'm delighted they 've received such a prestigious award , as it is a testament to their dedication and commitment to bringing some of the most reprehensible people in society to justice . ”
Putin arrives on Hmeymim airbase in Syria , orders withdrawal of Russian troops
Vladimir Putin 's aircraft landed on Hmeymim airbase of the Russian Air Force in Syria in the morning of December 11 .
Inside Russian airbase in Syria . Pravda.Ru exclusive
Syrian President Bashar Assad and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu , as well as Commander of the Russian group in Syria , Colonel-General Sergei Surovikin , met Putin on Hmeymim airbase .
When on Hmeymim , Putin ordered to start the withdrawal of units of the Russian troops from Syria to Russia .
Also on Monday , Putin is to pay visits to Egypt and Turkey .
Pravda.Ru
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' video_channel '' : `` 187 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095169 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' video_channel '' : `` 187 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095169 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
RILEY COUNTY — First responders with four agencies worked together Sunday night to rescue a group stranded on a sandbar due to low water levels on the Kansas River .
According to a social media report from the Riley County Police Department , the Manhattan Fire Department , Riley County EMS and the officials with the Kansas Department of Kansas Wildlife , Parks and Tourism combined their resources to rescue six adults and five children .
No injuries were reported .
Michael Barrett , director of the Missouri public defender 's office , received an odd summons late last month . A Missouri judge in a county he had never stepped foot in ordered him to be in his court on Monday to represent four defendants .
Barrett said that as the director , he is rarely assigned to cases because he runs a $ 40 million office with 600 employees , but he said he was n't surprised that it happened . He said he believes the order — which also directed the court clerk to notify the office of chief disciplinary counsel — is a form of reprisal for his having loudly protested the case load and funding of Missouri 's public defender 's office .
`` If I were to speculate , what the judge wanted to do is go ego to ego and tell me who 's boss , '' Barrett said . `` But I called his bluff and am I taking the cases . ''
St. Louis ' Civil Court Building in 2009 . Thomas Gannam / Getty Images
Because of the Sixth Amendment , Americans accused of a crime have a constitutional right to representation . But the system that supports that right has been understaffed , underfunded and overwhelmed with cases for more than 30 years , experts say , and it shows no indication of getting better .
`` The Sixth Amendment is there in the Bill of Rights because it is a protection of individual liberty from the tyranny of government , '' said David Carroll , executive director of the Sixth Amendment Center , a Boston-based nonprofit group that analyzes public defender systems . `` There is no greater tyranny than a well-resourced prosecution and law enforcement when individuals do n't have a proper defense . ''
Related : Can an algorithm do away with America 's bail system ?
Over the last year , as Barrett has come to lead the Missouri indigent defense program , he has tried to draw attention to the untenable workload that the state expects his office to take up . He went so far as to appoint Gov . Jay Nixon to represent an indigent defendant last year after Nixon vetoed a bill that would have capped public defenders ' caseloads .
Although the stunt briefly caught the national eye , he said , the state 's number of cases has still grown from 74,000 in 2016 to 82,000 this year , and most public defenders in Missouri are expected to handle 80 to 100 cases a week .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed August 2016 : Missouri public defenders face uphill battle 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That 's a pretty typical expectation across the country , according to experts on both sides of the political aisle , who say it is not a partisan issue .
`` You ca n't get blood from a turnip , '' said Patrick J. Nolan , director of the Criminal Justice Reform Project at the American Conservative Union Foundation . `` When the public defender has hundreds of cases assigned to them , there 's no way they can put the time and the effort into what 's required . It 's a sham to say there was representation when it 's literally an assembly line . ''
Nolan argues that while each state 's indigent defense system has its own structure , the larger issues are a national one that goes back to the 1980s , when public defender programs became targets for state governments to make tight budgets come out in the black .
The public defender 's office carries a certain notoriety , he said , because it defends people accused of crimes .
`` It 's an easy way to chop money , because few people will be angry , '' Nolan said . `` In this case , it 's a matter of legislators seeing that this is really a threat to our system of government of limited powers . The Constitution is supposed to protect us no matter how much you have in material assets — it 's got to be a fair fight . ''
Related : Louisiana is shedding its reputation as U.S. 's biggest jailer
Advocates say the upside is vast and could save taxpayers millions down the road , as the trend of exonerations continues to rise . The National Registry of Exonerations reported that 2016 was a record year , with 166 people proving a wrongful conviction . Since 2011 , the annual number of exonerations has more than doubled , according to the registry .
According to the Innocence Project , a New York-based nonprofit organization that seeks to identify wrongly convicted people and to overturn their convictions , the typical person who is exonerated has spent 14 years in prison , and most get some compensation for the time they 've lost .
`` You are going to have fewer wrongful convictions , '' James T. Dixon , Jr. , director of the Louisiana public defender 's office , said of a stronger indigent defense system . `` You 're probably more likely to get the right guy , because you have a more fluid , stable and progressing criminal justice system . Trials take place . It actually works the way it 's supposed to . ''
Dixon said his office is strapped for cash largely because the Legislature has made its funding dependent on traffic tickets .
Court-appointed 'lawyer of the day ' Merritt Hemingway defends a person in Cumberland County Superior Court in Portland , Maine , on May 31 . Robert F. Bukaty / AP
Public defenders say the system is unfair particularly to poor people who ca n't afford bail or lawyers to immediately address their cases . The lack of resources means they do n't have the time to build proper defenses , and they 're sometimes forced to leave charged people in jail for long periods of time until they can address a particular case .
The Kansas City Star wrote an editorial in October about a 22-year-old Kansas City man who spent 13 months in jail because of the workload at the public defender 's office .
`` Here 's what happens , '' said Barrett , head of the Missouri system . `` Someone goes to local jail , and we go to them after two weeks . We say , 'Good news is we 're going to work hard on your case ; bad news it 's going to be a while until we get to your case . ' ''
Most end up making plea deals just to get out of jail , not knowing that a conviction could follow them for the rest of their lives .
`` In the meantime , these individuals lose their jobs , they lose their apartment , and a lot of them plead to crimes they do n't commit , '' Barrett said . `` It happens every day . People take it because they want to get out . ''
But changing that system is a slow process , because all indigent defense systems are run at the state , county or local levels . Experts say it will require a nationwide push for the change that public defenders have requested for decades , although there have been a few successes at the state level .
New York plans to replace its county-run system with a statewide public defense system by 2023 . The state the project will cost $ 250 million .
`` It 's not a quick fix , '' said Carroll , head of the Sixth Amendment Center . Referring to the American Bar Association , he said : `` It 's a heavy lift to repair these systems . If you look at ABA reports going back to the 1980s , they 've been calling it a crisis for 30 years now . Part of the problem is that we as a nation need to recognize that this is something deeper that needs attention . ''
If you wear your heart on your sleeve this Valentine 's Day , you should also keep your hand on your wallet .
The BBB and an AG 's office are warning about relationship scams preying on the love-lorn this Valentine 's Day . And consumer experts have advice for saving on that last-minute flower purchase .
Because with shoppers spending $ 18 billion on Valentine 's Day this year , according to National Retail Federation estimates , there 's plenty of money at play .
Here 's how not to get screwed on V-Day :
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Can you tell which is a real diamond and which is a cheaper gemstone ? 5:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Buy Flowers From a Local Florist
Try shopping with your local florist with good reviews instead of calling up one of the big national chains . Orders are farmed out to local shops anyway , so you can cut out the middleman . And flowers ordered online do n't always look like their photos , says Consumer Reports .
Trying to get a bouquet to someone who does n't live nearby ? Simple . Call the local florist near them .
Do n't Turn up Your Nose at the Supermarket
Supermarket flowers used to be a punchline , but quality has been increasing lately . Often you can get a perfectly good bouquet at your grocer for less than an online store or florist .
Related : Why Valentine 's Gifts for Men Are Gaining Ground
Pro tip : Avoid the pre-made bouquets as they tend to wilt faster and be more padded , Apartment Therapy writes . Instead , create your own from the most beautiful and freshest flowers in the bins , even if they 're not traditional roses .
Watch Out for `` Sweetheart Scams ''
The Better Business Bureau and one state attorney general are warning the public to be on the watch for scammers who prey on dating site users . These `` catfishers '' tend to get more aggressive around Valentine 's Day because that 's the day `` when we all could be a little lonely , '' Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear told WKRN .
The BBB gave an example of one Tennessee woman who lost money to a man she met on a Christian dating site .
`` He really played the part of a sincere Christian , even calling me to pray with me over the phone before bedtime , '' the victim told the BBB .
Beware Valentine Targeted Phishing
The BBB is also warning users to be wary of sketchy-looking Valentine 's Day e-greetings that are nothing more than phishes in cupid 's clothing .
One might ask you to `` click on the hearts '' for a `` special Valentines ' message . ''
`` If you get a Valentine 's Day email from someone you do n't know , do not click on anything , '' warned the BBB .
`` Do n't follow the link . A legitimate online greeting card site will give you a confirmation code so that you can look at the card without compromising your computer . You can hover your mouse over the link , without clicking , to see if there is a real address . ''
You might just avoid a blind date with malware .
BARWON HEADS , Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 6-under 67 Sunday for a five-stroke victory in the Vic Open , the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour .
Lee finished with a four-round total of 13-under 279 on the 13th Beach Golf Links , one better than Karis Davidson , who closed with a 71 .
Cheyenne Woods , niece of Tiger Woods , shot a final-round 70 and finished eight strokes behind in eighth place .
By Larry Higgs | NJ Advance Media
In-vehicle entertainment and information screens are demanding more attention from drivers than the road at times , according to a test of 30 vehicles by the AAA Foundation for Safety , which said 23 of them require `` high attention '' from drivers .
The most likely function for which drivers would use their in-dash systems , programming navigation for directions , was the most distracting task , which took an average of 40 seconds to do , the tests found .
Testing was done for AAA by the University of Utah to examine how long a driver had to take their eyes off the road and what the mental demand was to use infotainment systems in 30 2017 vehicles . Drivers in the study had to use voice command , touch screen and other technologies to make a call , send a text message , tune the radio or program navigation while driving .
Experts are turning their attention to the hands-free systems that are supposed to make driving and communicating safer than using hand held phones .
In 2015 , AAA published the last two studies of a three-phase investigation into mental distractions behind the wheel . They showed that new hands-free technologies can mentally distract drivers even if their eyes are on the road and their hands are on the wheel .
A National Safety Council research paper concluded that hands-free devices still cause a mental distraction when used while driving because driver attention is switching between driving and another task .
Which 2017 vehicles did AAA find demanded the highest attention from drivers ?
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : classfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Georgina Opoku Amankwaa , Deputy Chairperson in charge of Corporate Services
Deputy Chairperson in charge of Corporate Services at the Electoral Commission ( EC ) of Ghana , Georgina Opoku Amankwaa , has revealed her intentions to seek legal redress against the Economic and Organised Crime Office ( EOCO ) over investigations against her .
Asante-Krobea Sekyere and Associates , lawyers of Ms Amankwa , in a letter dated October 3 , 2017 stated that they are “ giving notice of our intention to go to court against your office to the Attorney-General whom you claim you have submitted your report on the investigation to ” .
According to the lawyers , numerous letters written to EOCO to furnish them with the progress of investigations against their client by the Chairperson of the EC have been ignored without any receipts .
EOCO is investigating some officials of the EC over the loss of GHS 480,000 from the Commission 's Endowment Fund .
The officials include Ms Amankwah , Kwaku Owusu Agyei-Larbi who is the chief accountant and the finance officer , Joseph Kwaku Asamoah .
The lawyers said the action of EOCO is “ keeping our client out of office indefinitely ” .
The lawyers emphasised their displeasure and “ unhappiness with the instruction issued from your office directing the Chairperson of the Electoral Commission to write to our client to proceed on leave on an allegation made by the same Chairperson on a matter that bordered on the Staff Endowment Fund ” .
Again , the lawyers feel it was inappropriate for instructions to be issued to have Ms Amankwa proceed on leave , yet the Chairperson whom certain allegations have been levelled against is still in office while investigations are on-going .
NEWS REPORT : Women 's handball at its best will be on display when the TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 comes to Budapest on 6 and 7 May 2017 .
Defending champions Bucuresti face Vardar at TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4
One year ago , CSM Bucuresti went all the way to win the EHF Champions League at the EHF FINAL4 in Budapest – but how far can they go in 2017 ?
Following the draw for the semi-finals at the TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 2017 , which took place in the Hungarian capital on Tuesday , we are all set for a repeat of last season 's semi-final clashes as the defending champions take on HC Vardar and Buducnost face Györi Audi ETO KC .
Playing times are 15:15 hrs and 17:45 hrs on both days . The final order of the semi-finals has yet to be confirmed .
“ All four teams at the FINAL4 are really good and no matter which team we play against it 's going to be very difficult , ” said Bucuresti 's right back , Line Jörgensen .
HC Vardar 's Tamara Mavsar agreed with her opponent : “ Every team is really good but we can now finally start with the preparations and know that we need to be at our best . ”
The second semi-final sees Buducnost facing Györi Audi ETO KC once again . “ We of course have experience of playing against each other . We will try to stay focussed and know that if we want to win the FINAL4 we have to beat them , ” said Buducnost 's Katarina Bulatovic .
Györ 's Anita Görbicz pointed out : “ Our team did not a preference against who we wanted to play because we have to beat every team to win the FINAL4 . ”
2017 marks the fourth edition of the TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 . Matches will take place in the Papp László Budapest Sportaréna in front of more than 12,000 spectators .
Buducnost , the 2015 winners , and HC Vardar , who have finished in third place in each of the past three events , have both qualified for all four EHF FINAL 4 events to date .
Györi Audi ETO KC won the event in 2014 . In 2016 they lost the final against CSM Bucuresti , in the Romanian side 's first appearance at a WOMEN 'S EHF FINAL4 .
Tickets still available
With the four participants confirmed , demand has steadily increased over the past few days , but tickets are still available and can be purchased via the official website , www.ehfFINAL4.com .
The ticket prices are as follows
Category 1 : 39,990 HUF ( approx . 130 € )
Category 2 : 27,990 HUF ( approx . 90 € )
Category 3 : 19,990 HUF ( approx . 65 € )
Category 4 : 9,900 HUF ( approx . 35 € )
TEXT :
By Ernest Scheyder and Marianna Parraga
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Oil and natural gas operators began evacuating staff and halting production at U.S. Gulf of Mexico platforms on Thursday ahead of Tropical Storm Nate , the second storm in as many months to rattle the Gulf Coast energy corridor .
Nate , which has killed at least 10 people in Costa Rica and Nicaragua and caused intense rainfall , is forecast to scrape Honduras and Mexico , enter the Gulf and strengthen into a hurricane before making landfall this weekend in Louisiana , near several major refineries .
That path takes it through an area populated by offshore oil and natural gas platforms , which pump more than 1.6 million barrels of crude per day ( bpd ) , about 17 percent of U.S. output , according to government data .
About 14.6 percent of U.S. Gulf oil production equaling 254,607 bpd was offline on Thursday , the U.S. Department of the Interior 's Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement ( BSEE ) said . About 6.4 percent of natural gas output in the area also was shut .
Forecasts for Nate have shifted westward in the past 24 hours . The National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) had forecast on Wednesday that the storm would make landfall in the Florida panhandle .
BP Plc and Chevron Corp were shutting production at all Gulf platforms , while Royal Dutch Shell Plc and Anadarko Petroleum Corp suspended some production and some drilling activity in the Gulf . [ L2N1MG2AB ]
Exxon Mobil Corp , Statoil and other producers have withdrawn personnel from their platforms .
Marathon Oil Corp and ConocoPhillips said they were monitoring Nate 's path but have taken no action yet .
Nate , the 14th named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season , comes less than two months after Hurricane Harvey tore through the Gulf , denting about a quarter of oil production there , according to government data .
Several Texas ports are still unable to allow large tankers to enter after Harvey as they await dredging . Some large tankers have been rerouted to Louisiana ports , some of which are now in Nate 's projected path .
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port ( LOOP ) , an offshore gathering hub for production platforms and crude imports from tankers , has not suspended operations and vessel activity around it continues as normal , officials said on Thursday .
All Louisiana ports were open as authorities and the U.S. Coast Guard monitored the storm , according to the Port Association of Louisiana .
REFINERS PREPARING
Refiners in Louisiana also have been scrambling ahead of Nate .
Shell was reducing production on Thursday at its 225,800-bpd Norco refinery and Phillips 66 was considering temporarily shutting the 247,000-bpd Alliance refinery or placing it on standby , according to sources .
At least three other refineries were preparing to continue operation through Nate , sources familiar with plant operations said . PBF Energy Inc 's Chalmette , Louisiana , refinery planned to remain in operation , sources said .
PBF declined to discuss operations at the Chalmette refinery . Shell spokesman Ray Fisher said officials at its refining and chemical plants were monitoring the storm .
Chevron said its Pascagoula , Mississippi , refinery was monitoring the storm 's progress . Exxon said the same about its refinery and chemical plant in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
Marathon Petroleum Corp declined to discuss operations at the company 's Garyville , Louisiana , refinery .
( Reporting by Ernest Scheyder and Marianna Parraga ; Additional reporting by Erwin Seba and Bryan Sims in Houston and Enrique Andres Pretel in San Jose , Costa Rica ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Diane Craft )
0:57 CMPD video : Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
Sun Newspaper invasion : Call EFCC to order , NPAN tells FG
The Newspaper Proprietors ' Association of Nigeria has joined others in condemning the invation of offfice The Sun Newspaper in Lagos by the operatives of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission ( EFCC ) .
NPAN in a statement on Wednesday said the ‘ EFCC , being a State institution and a creation of the law , can not be above the law : and the manner of the invasion tends to suggest that the EFCC was out on a self-help mission , a voyage to intimidate journalists , criminalise journalism and cower free speech . '
Further the body called on the government to call the ‘ EFCC to order for the greater good of the Federal Republic Nigeria and the rule of law . '
The statement read thus
The Newspaper Proprietors ' Association of Nigeria ( NPAN ) has received with grave concern , the Monday June 12 , 2017 invasion by the operatives of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission ( EFCC ) of the Apapa , Lagos Corporate Headquarters of The Sun Newspapers .
Facts before the NPAN indicate that the EFCC operatives swooped on the newspaper in the early morning of June 12 , while Nigerians were commemorating the historic day of Free Expression , and ordered security men to take them on a guided tour of the premises of the newspaper . The EFCC operatives subsequently prevented journalists and staff from performing their constitutional duties , and abridging their rights to Free Speech by preventing those who were in the premises from leaving , and others reporting for duty from entering the premises .
Although the EFCC said they were there to enforce a 10-year old Interim Order of Forfeiture on the shareholding of Sun Newspapers , the Editors of the Sun Newspapers said the EFCC officials were there on a vengeance and intimidation mission to settle scores on several stories published by the newspaper , including the alleged ownership of certain properties by the wife of the EFCC Acting Chairman for which the Acting Chairman had threatened libel lawsuits . Instead of lawsuits , the EFCC operatives raided the newspaper offices to revive a 10-year old Interim Order of Forfeiture that is already before an appellate court .
Given these developments , it is our considered view that the EFCC , being a State institution and a creation of the law , can not be above the law : and the manner of the invasion tends to suggest that the EFCC was out on a self-help mission , a voyage to intimidate journalists , criminalise journalism and cower free speech .
We should continue to remind ourselves that this crude tactics of invasion of media houses and harassment of journalists did not work in the past , is not going to work now , and will never work . It is unknown to The Constitution of The Federal Republic of Nigeria .
We call on the Federal Government of Nigeria and all people of reason and goodwill to call the EFCC to order for the greater good of the Federal Republic Nigeria and the rule of law .
The post Sun Newspaper invasion : Call EFCC to order , NPAN tells FG appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Mahoning County will be getting more beds for people recovering from addiction to help deal with the opioid epidemic .
The State of Ohio will provide $ 250,000 for 14 detox beds on the sixth floor of St. Elizabeth Hospital in Youngstown , which will be operated by the Neil Kennedy Recovery Center .
“ We consider it our seed money , our good faith down payment by the government , ” said Don Koenig , with Mercy Health Youngstown . “ When we can show success , we will use that to help , hopefully , pull down additional funds so that the state concludes this is money very well-spent in the Mahoning Valley . ”
The beds should be in place sometime next month .
Several people at Monday 's meeting said 14 beds were not enough — we could use more . The hope is to get more possibly next year .
The Orioles soon will be at a crossroads – they could lose right-hander Chris Tillman to free agency after this season and third baseman Manny Machado , center fielder Adam Jones and closer Zach Britton after 2018 .
The potential losses of those four former All-Stars make it imperative that the O 's strengthen their farm system .
If anything , they 're moving in the other direction .
The Orioles have spent the least of any club in the past three amateur drafts , according to reported figures . Their combined payout of $ 18,647,700 during that period was nearly $ 6 million below that of the average club and more than $ 16 million below that of the top spender , the Rockies .
Meanwhile , the Orioles ' combined investment in international amateurs is believed to be the lowest in baseball over at least the past six years , according to figures reported by Baseball America .
The O 's spent just $ 260,000 total on five international players during the 2016 calendar year , BA said . The Royals , at $ 1.5 million , were the next lowest spender outside of the Red Sox , who are banned from signing international players during the current signing period .
Elsewhere in the AL East , the Rays spent $ 3 million , the Yankees $ 2.7 million and the Blue Jays approximately $ 2.5 million — though those teams were prohibited from signing any player for more than $ 300,000 for previously exceeding their bonus pools .
Little wonder , then , that the Orioles last week traded more than $ 1 million in international signing money for a pair of pitchers who had been designated for assignment , right-hander Damien Magnifico of the Brewers and lefty Paul Fry of the Mariners .
Such trades occasionally prove fruitful – the Orioles acquired one of their better prospects in May 2015 by trading $ 655,800 in international signing money to the Astros for left-hander Chris Lee .
No sense keeping the money if the O 's are not going to use it , right ?
Getty Images
Dan Duquette , the team 's executive vice-president of baseball operations , said the lack of spending on international amateurs is an ownership decision .
It 's difficult to argue with the team 's major-league success – the Orioles have won the most games in the American League since 2012 , including their 8-3 start this season .
The question , with so many of the O 's stars approaching free agency , is whether the team might be headed for a crash .
Baseball America ranked the Orioles ' farm system 27th entering this season , 28th the year before that .
Billie Weiss/Boston Red Sox
“ Those people who knock our farm system , I say , ‘ Come out and watch our major-league club play , ' Duquette said . “ We 've got a lot of guys who came through the farm system . We 've used a bunch of guys to make trades when we were in contention , too .
“ We did n't have the prospects to acquire Chris Sale because the Red Sox trumped everyone in the international market , trumped everyone with their spending power . Now there is a hard cap on the international market . ”
Duquette is correct about the makeup of the Orioles ' major-league roster – 12 of their current 25 players are homegrown if you include outfielder Hyun Soo Kim , a free agent from Korea . Seven of those , however , already were in the organization when Duquette took over in Nov. 2011 , including Machado , second baseman Jonathan Schoop and right-hander Dylan Bundy .
The Orioles are not devoid of young talent – first baseman/outfielder Trey Mancini has seven homers in 36 career at-bats , and some club officials believe that catcher Chance Sisco might contribute at the major-league level this season .
Other teams , however , are in a far stronger position .
“ We just have to get the most out of what we have , do the best we can with what we have every day , ” Duquette said .
Alas , the clock is ticking toward 2018 .
Tillman , recovering from a right-shoulder issue , made his first rehabilitation at Double A start on Monday and could rejoin the rotation in early May .
Duquette believes the pitcher 's return date should have been sooner .
“ We probably could have done a better job getting him back , ” Duquette said .
Did the Orioles rush Tillman ?
“ I 'm not sure we rushed him , ” Duquette said . “ I 'm just disappointed he did n't start the season with us . We had plenty of time to work with him . The shoulder was bothering him at the end of last year . ”
Duquette did not elaborate , but he was upset with how the Orioles ' medical staff handled Tillman , according to two sources with knowledge of the situation .
“ Obviously , it 's difficult to extend the season and pitch in the playoffs like Chris has in two of the last three seasons , ” Duquette said . “ Our approach was designed so he will be available again this year in October . ”
Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports
The Blue Jays , at 2-10 , already look like a likely seller . Neither right-hander Aaron Sanchez ( blister ) and lefty J.A . Happ ( elbow ) is expected to be out long , but third baseman Josh Donaldson likely will miss 2 to 4 weeks due to his latest calf issue , sources said .
Whatever happens , it 's doubtful the Jays would pursue a major overhaul . They sold approximately 2.5 million tickets before the season even began , sources said , and do not want to lose the momentum they 've generated in the market since the second half of 2015 – momentum reflected not only by their attendance , but also in their television ratings .
That said , the Jays are the oldest team in the majors , and they could trade their top potential free agents ( right-hander Marco Estrada , left-hander Francisco Liriano , right fielder Jose Bautista ) and still be quite competitive next season .
Their more difficult decisions , assuming good health , would be whether to move Donaldson and , to a lesser extent , Happ , both due to become free agents after 2018 .
As it stands , the Blue Jays ' rotation is perilously thin , even if Sanchez and Happ return relatively quickly ; Alex Anthopoulos , the team 's previous GM , included left-handers Daniel Norris and Matt Boyd in a trade for David Price in '15 and righty Jeff Hoffman in a deal for Troy Tulowitzki .
Those deals helped propel the Jays to back-to-back appearances in the ALCS and an AL-leading attendance of 3.39 million last season – the team 's highest since it drew 4 million-plus for three straight years from 1991 to '93 .
A strategic re-set will be necessary at some point . A major deconstruction would be a tough sell .
Mar 22 , 2017 ; Phoenix , AZ , USA ; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Ryan Braun ( 8 ) during a spring training game against the San Francisco Giants at Maryvale Baseball Park . Mandatory Credit : Rick Scuteri-USA TODAY Sports Rick Scuteri/USA TODAY Sports
Brewers right fielder Ryan Braun will achieve 10-and-5 status and the right to veto any trade on May 14 , sources said , not the date that other reports suggested , May 24 .
The Dodgers currently are one of six teams that can acquire Braun without his permission . Braun would gain complete leverage once he is a 10-and-5 player – 10 years of major-league service , five consecutively with the same club .
But for all intents and purposes , little will change .
It 's no secret that Braun prefers to be with a team out west – the six teams at the start of last season were the Dodgers , Angels , Giants , Padres , Diamondbacks and Marlins ( Braun attended the University of Miami ) .
Say the Dodgers waited until July 31 ; what would Braun do , hold out for another year on his contract that already guarantees him $ 80 million from 2017 to '20 ?
At best , he would receive a much lesser inducement , one that he would be almost obligated to accept – unless , of course , he wanted to stay with the Brewers .
Braun , talking about his looming no-trade protection with MLB Network 's Jon Paul Morosi , mentioned his ongoing communication with Brewers owner Mark Attanasio , general manager David Stearns and assistant GM Matt Arnold .
“ I do n't think ( the no-trade protection ) is really going to be much of a factor at all , ” Braun said . “ . . . I do n't foresee it having much of an impact on anything moving forward , just because of my relationship with Mark , David and Matt . ”
* What the heck is going on with Jose Bautista , who is batting .136 with a .446 OPS after 53 plate appearances ?
“ Father Time is undefeated , ” one rival executive said .
Bautista , 36 , looked great at the start of spring training , not-so-great after he returned from the World Baseball Classic . His offensive struggles seem all the more curious considering that he is running better than he did last season , and defending better , too .
It 's still early , but Bautista 's contact percentage is 68.1 percent , down from his career rate of 80.5 percent , while his swinging-strike percentage is 12.1 percent , up from his career average of 7.6 percent .
Jordan Johnson/Jordan Johnson-USA TODAY Sports
* At the other end of the spectrum , how much faith should the White Sox place in right fielder Avisail Garcia , who is batting .447 with a 1.128 OPS after 51 plate appearances ?
Garcia had a more prolonged hot streak to start 2015 , producing an .872 OPS through May 17 . He finished with a .675 OPS and barely improved upon that in 2016 .
So , why should this season end up any differently ?
Garcia , after dropping about 15 pounds in the off-season , told White Sox officials that he feels freer and looser in his upper body . His ability is not in question – he has a career .808 OPS with runners in scoring position , as opposed to a .678 OPS with no one on base . Perhaps now , with only two years of arbitration remaining before free agency , he is improving his focus and maturing into the player the Sox envisioned .
He is still only 25 .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
St. Louis 3 , Buffalo 2 , OT
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4 , San Jose 3 , OT
Monday 's Games
Colorado 2 , Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2 , N.Y. Rangers 1 , SO
N.Y. Islanders 3 , Washington 1
Florida 2 , Detroit 1 , OT
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Thursday 's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Washington at Boston , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus , 7 p.m .
New Jersey at Montreal , 7:30 p.m .
Chicago at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Anaheim at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Florida at Colorado , 9 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Nashville at Edmonton , 9 p.m .
San Jose at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Pittsburgh at Vegas , 10 p.m .
There 's a prosaic explanation for at least some of the weirdness of `` Tabby 's star , '' it would appear .
The bizarre long-term dimming of Tabby 's star — also known as Boyajian 's star , or , more formally , KIC 8462852 — is likely caused by dust , not a giant network of solar panels or any other `` megastructure '' built by advanced aliens , a new study suggests .
Astronomers came to this conclusion after noticing that this dimming was more pronounced in ultraviolet ( UV ) than infrared light . Any object bigger than a dust grain would cause uniform dimming across all wavelengths , study team members said . [ 13 Ways to Hunt Intelligent Aliens ]
`` This pretty much rules out the alien megastructure theory , as that could not explain the wavelength-dependent dimming , '' lead author Huan Meng of the University of Arizona said in a statement . `` We suspect , instead , there is a cloud of dust orbiting the star with a roughly 700-day orbital period . ''
Strange brightness dips
KIC 8462852 , which lies about 1,500 light-years from Earth , has generated a great deal of intrigue and speculation since 2015 . That year , a team led by astronomer Tabetha Boyajian ( hence the star 's nicknames ) reported that KIC 8462852 had dimmed dramatically several times over the past half-decade or so , once by 22 percent .
No orbiting planet could cause such big dips , so researchers began coming up with possible alternative explanations . These included swarms of comets or comet fragments , interstellar dust and the famous ( but unlikely ) alien-megastructure hypothesis .
The mystery deepened after the initial Boyajian et al . study . For example , other research groups found that , in addition to the occasional short-term brightness dips , Tabby 's star dimmed overall by about 20 percent between 1890 and 1989 . In addition , a 2016 paper determined that its brightness decreased by 3 percent from 2009 to 2013 .
The new study , which was published online Tuesday ( Oct. 3 ) in The Astrophysical Journal , addresses such longer-term events .
From January 2016 to December 2016 , Meng and his colleagues ( who include Boyajian ) studied Tabby 's star in infrared and UV light using NASA 's Spitzer and Swift space telescopes , respectively . They also observed it in visible light during this period using the 27-inch-wide ( 68 centimeters ) telescope at AstroLAB IRIS , a public observatory near the Belgian village of Zillebeke .
The observed UV dip implicates circumstellar dust — grains large enough to stay in orbit around Tabby 's star despite the radiation pressure but small enough that they do n't block light uniformly in all wavelengths , the researchers said .
Mysteries Remain
The new study does not solve all of KIC 8462852 's mysteries , however . For example , it does not address the short-term 20 percent brightness dips , which were detected by NASA 's planet-hunting Kepler space telescope . ( Kepler is now observing a different part of the sky during its K2 extended mission and will not follow up on Tabby 's star for the forseeable future . )
And a different study — led by Joshua Simon of the Observatories of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Pasadena , California — just found that Tabby 's star experienced two brightening spells over the past 11 years . ( Simon and his colleagues also determined that the star has dimmed by about 1.5 percent from February 2015 to now . )
`` Up until this work , we had thought that the star 's changes in brightness were only occurring in one direction — dimming , '' Simon said in a statement . `` The realization that the star sometimes gets brighter in addition to periods of dimming is incompatible with most hypotheses to explain its weird behavior . ''
You can read the Simon et al . study for free at the online preprint site arXiv.org .
This story was originally published on Space.com .
Seminar on Topics in Criminal [ In ] Justice & Self-Governance
The Free Market Institute at Texas Tech University ( FMI ) and the Institute for Humane Studies at George Mason University ( IHS ) will co-host an IHS On-Campus Education Program as part of the Weekend Exploring Liberty series . The Seminar will feature a weekend of speaker sessions related to Topics in Criminal ( In ) Justice and Self-Governance on Friday , February 9th from 5:30 PM to 9:00 PM through Saturday , February 10th from 9:30 AM to 4:15 PM in the Jerry S. Rawls College of Business Administration at Texas Tech University .
With over 2 million people currently incarcerated throughout the country , how have drug prohibitions , `` cash for convictions '' , and the rise of the prison gang culture contributed to such a staggering number ? Join the Free Market Institute and the Institute for Humane Studies for a weekend seminar that will explore these difficult topics surrounding mass incarceration and the criminal justice system .
Please see the program information at the FMI Upcoming Events page for more information about the invited speakers and the presentation topics .
This event is free and open to the general public and the Texas Tech community , but requires advance registration .
Register for the Weekend Exploring Liberty : Topics in Criminal ( In ) Justice and Self-Governance
Visitors to the university may park in Reserved Lot R-23 outside of the Rawls College starting at 5:00 PM on Friday , February 9 , 2018 . There are no parking restrictions outside of the college on Saturday , February 10 , 2018 .
With the conclusion of regular season , the Dallas Cowboys now know one of three teams they will face in the divisional round of the upcoming playoffs .
The Dallas Cowboys mailed it in on Sunday , losing to their divisional rivals , the Philadelphia Eagles , 27-13 . Instead of finishing the fight , the Cowboys coaching staff elected to rest a number of their starters in the final game of the regular season . Players like linebacker Sean Lee and rookie running back Ezekiel Elliott were benched despite being healthy and prepared to play .
Dallas has bigger goals . But a long three week layoff between games for some of their starters could ultimately be detrimental to their consistency and momentum .
Regardless , the decision was made and now the Cowboys fate is set . Their 13-3 record has earned them a bye during the Wild Card round of the playoffs . But their opponents in the divisional round in two weeks have been narrowed down to three teams .
The Cowboys will face either the Green Bay Packers , the Detroit Lions or the New York Giants in AT & T Stadium on Sunday , January 15th at 3:40 p.m. CT on FOX for the right to go on to the NFC Championship game . I believe two of these teams present potential problems for America 's Team .
The Giants have defeated Dallas twice this season . Before the Eagles meaningless loss on Sunday , New York was the only team to have beaten the Cowboys all year . Both contests were incredibly close , as the point differential in those two games combined was just four points total .
As for the Packers , the Cowboys dominated them earlier this season aat Lambeau Field , 30-16 . But that was back in Week Six . Since then , Green Bay has won seven of their last eleven games and is currently on a six-game winning streak . The Packers are arguably the hottest team in the NFL right now .
According to NFL.com , the Lions will travel to Seattle to take on the Seahawks next Saturday . And the Giants head to Lambeau to face the Packers the following day .
No matter which team the Dallas Cowboys play in two weeks , it will be a challenge . There are no easy wins in the playoffs . But because of their 13-3 record , the road to the Super Bowl goes through Dallas . The question is : Are the Cowboys ready for the ultimate test ? We 'll find out soon enough .
More from The Landry Hat
This article originally appeared on
Shane Battier , the Heat 's director of basketball development and analytics , has removed himself from consideration for a high-level front office job with the Detroit Pistons , a source confirmed Tuesday .
The Pistons had shown interest in several former players - including Battier , Brent Barry and Tayshaun Prince - for a role in their revamped front office . And Battier has ties to the state , having been born and raised in Birmingham , Mich. , and attending Detroit Country Day school .
Battier had interviewed with the Pistons and was asked back for a second interview .
But Battier , 39 , ultimately decided to stay with the Heat , where he works for ownership that holds him in high regard and where he played the final three seasons of his 13-year career and won two championships .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The Heat created a new position for Battier 15 months ago , and he could assume a more prominent role in a post-Pat Riley era with Miami . Riley , 73 , has said he 's not considering retiring .
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Pat Riley , President of the Miami Heat , confirms nobody on this team is 'untouchable ' if the right name is available . Charles Trainor Jr .
WADE UPDATE
Georgia coach Tom Crean , Dwyane Wade 's coach at Marquette , said on Tuesday that he spoke to Wade about whether he might retire . They saw each other in Indianapolis a few weeks ago .
`` That 's definitely something he 's going through right now , '' Crean said on the Barstool Sports podcast Pardon My Take . `` I do n't think there 's any quick decision coming with that . A lot of things are going to have to play out . ''
Crean 's advice ?
`` Do n't walk away if you still really , really love it . He 's such a family person and his son is now coming up the ladder as a player . He 's married to Gabrielle and they 're raising that family . I support him whatever it is but I would never want him to walk away with even the slightest bit of regret . It would make no sense for the Heat not to want him back . Everything changes when he 's back there . The attendance changes . The merchandise changes . The awareness changes .
`` I do n't think there 's any question he had a hand with them going back in the playoffs . He loves it there . He never wanted to leave there . I do n't think I 'm speaking out of turn .
`` I hope he takes his time and really thinks it though . He 's still in a very good place in his game . If he decides to walk away , I think he will do it because he thinks it 's the right time for him . ''
HEAT PLAYOFF PRESENCE
Though the Heat was eliminated from the playoffs a month ago , their players are still attending games .
Justise Winslow was in the front row of Game 7 of the Rockets-Warriors series , wearing a jersey of former Houston Oilers running back Earl Campbell .
Last week , Olynyk was spotted sitting behind the Celtics ' bench during Boston 's 96-83 win in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference playoffs . He shook hands pregame with coach Brad Stevens and several former teammates .
Olynyk , who spent his first four seasons in the league with Boston before signing a four-year , $ 50 million deal with the Heat last summer , even did a pregame interview with the Celtics ' local TV network .
Olynyk averaged 11.5 points and 5.7 rebounds per game this season with the Heat .
“ Definitely had the best year of my career , '' Olynyk said , `` and hopefully I 'll keep building on that this summer . Hopefully keep expanding my game. “
Olynyk , who is one of the NBA 's more active players when it comes to working with the community , will be in India over the new few days to coach high school aged boys and girls at the Basketball Without Borders Asia camp .
Oklahoma City 's Corey Brewer , Brooklyn 's Caris LeVert and Dallas ' Dwight Powell will also be there .
Olynyk , 27 , has always been active in coaching younger players back home in Canada during the off-season .
Earlier this month , he donated more than 12 inches of his long blond hair to Wigs For Kids , a nonprofit group that provides wigs for children who have lost their hair due to cancer or other similar medical conditions .
▪ Heat center Bam Adebayo , determined to improve his offensive game , has been working out with former Pistons center Rasheed Wallace .
▪ Count Atlanta Hawks swingman Kent Bazemore among those who believe Josh Richardson was slighted in recent all defense voting .
“ Josh Richardson should 've been all defense , ” he tweeted .
Richardson finished 16th among players in media balloting for the all-defense teams .
Nevada gaming officials have opened an investigation into the allegations of sexual misconduct that forced billionaire casino owner Steve Wynn to resign as finance chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Becky Harris , chairwoman of the Nevada Gaming Control Board , gave no details of the investigation other than to say in a brief statement that the inquiry would be `` thorough and judicious . ''
Wynn , 76 — chairman and chief executive of Wynn Resorts , which operates luxury casinos from Las Vegas to China — resigned from the RNC post on Saturday after The Wall Street Journal published a report detailing an alleged pattern of behavior that spanned decades and included accusations by employees that they were coerced to perform sex acts .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steve Wynn 's resignation hovers over Republican Party 6:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wynn has strongly denied the allegations to NBC News , calling them `` preposterous . ''
Todd Ricketts , co-owner of the Chicago Cubs , has been picked to succeed Wynn as Republicans ' finance chairman , several Republican sources told NBC News on Monday .
Larry and Janet talk with Riggleman about his decision to run for Congress and the news of Congressman Garrett 's leave . Check out the full interview from The Morning Line here :
Denver Riggleman ( interview 053018 )
A new exhibit , `` Know Justice Know Peace '' opens at the Levine Museum of the New South in late February . Brenda Tindal , Levine Museum historian , gave a tour of the exhibit which focuses on a quick response to the September 2016 protests of the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by a CMPD officer .
Misión Verdad
Translated by Tortilla Con Sal
The regional elections are an issue of the first importance in Venezuela 's current political situation . We might be tempted to treat them as trivial if they were just new elections after so many others . But that 's not what they are .
Under current circumstances , a new electoral contest between Chavismo and the politicians of the United Democratic Table ( MUD ) is very different from a contest over mere quotas of administrative power .
The events prior to these elections and those now happening inside and outside Venezuela explain the significance of the election in mid-October . For that reason , it is highly appropriate to explain the relevance of these elections .
The elections are being held in a context of sanctions and the imposition inside and outside Venezuela of a narrative that Chavismo is a “ dictatorship ” . It is paradoxical but also not unusual in Venezuela 's extraordinary politics that the MUD , whose leaders have spread the “ dictatorship ” story at home and overseas , have rushed to register candidates , thirsty for quotas of power . By that one act of political neurosis they dismantled their alleged “ non-recognition ” of official institutions and the State that they proclaimed for much of 2017 .
This is relevant in that the open electoral process wipes out the MUD 's efforts to sketch out some alleged dictatorial control of Venezuela 's institutions .
For its part , the Trump Administration is weighing in against Venezuela 's economy and is signaling a military intervention . The US Congress is currently discussing legislation to give “ humanitarian ” cover to any US intervention in Venezuela . This is the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017 . In effect this serves as a tablecloth spread out for the overthrow of Chavismo .
Given the moves in that direction , holding the elections may seem irrelevant for the promoters of intervention . But it is worth bearing in mind that in terms of settling domestic disputes and legitimizing Venezuela 's democracy the elections are absolutely crucial . The US needs a policy disconnected from domestic politics and the regional elections contradict that .
The regional elections will take place in an economic context of sabotage and blockade . Major popular demands figure in them involving very serious levels of discontent along with great expectations . The MUD hope to to win new political space in these elections whereas for Chavismo the task is to hold on to political spaces already won .
The violent actions of the MUD through 2017 ahead of these upcoming elections make clear for Chavismo that it can not afford to lose any political space or give in to the plans of the anti-Chavista forces . We do n't need to imagine the horror facing people living in States like Tachira or Merida , who already suffer from the absence of policies in their regions as a result of the prolonged constant violence that are routine in their areas .
The anti-Chavista forces have worked out how to use every municipal authority , every public office and entity they control to encourage the elements among them committed to violence . During street blockades they use the institutions they control to promote chaos , anarchy and confrontation . Both the MUD and Chavismo are categorically clear about why they have to win the regional governorships . Their respective visions of peace versus violence are extremely clear .
The current governorships controlled by the opposition are celebrations of anarchy , incompetence , and perennial tortoise-paced public administration . Those governorships are self-evidently inoperative , devoting their time to political scheming . As often as not they argue unjustly that “ we do n't get assigned resources because we 're the opposition ” to justify abandoning their voters and their State 's inhabitants to their fate .
This argument is relevant in that the MUD is clearly determined make public policy unworkable in every possible context . The clearest example of this is the way they rendered inoperative and then abandoned the National Assembly itself . The MUD seek to win governorships so as to render them unworkable and disconnect them from the overall system of public policy . They only want control of governorships so as to get hold of resources to use in destabilizing the country . Their objective is to spread every kind of misrule , chaos and discontent
It is a foregone conclusion that in any State where a Chavista governor gets replaced by a governor from the MUD opposition , social policy initiatives , like the different Missions , will get cut back and slowed down . These social coverage programs will lose institutional help from regional governments , whereas Chavista governorships make available to these programs personnel , infrastructure , funding and political support .
As they have shown repeatedly , the MUD is completely against the attention to people 's needs made possible by the social programs and others of strategic reach and relevance , like the Local Food Production and Provision Committees ( CLAPs ) . That is the main reason why winning governorships is vital for the MUD , since they hope to make unworkable the social programs benefiting people in very adverse economic conditions .
They know very well that the strategy of the social programs has mitigated in great measure the effects of the current economic situation for very large numbers of socioeconomically vulnerable people . That is why they want to get hold of these political spaces . This is very relevant in that the MUD need to create economic chaos so that discontent among people marginalized in that way will feed their electoral chances .
The regional elections will measure the country 's political health . But in relation to another context they are also an element that shows how well Venezuela 's democracy is doing and how political parties are out to win votes rather than dodge bullets . The other context in question is the international one . The powerful people working on a US intervention in Venezuela do n't want the elections t be publicized , nor that the MUD opposition are participating actively in them . This is a dangerous reference point for them .
The elections will clear the way for scenarios which may be either of stability or of confrontation . But they should put a political stop to the violent escalation still trying to push Venezuela into war .
LIBERTY , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A Cleveland man is facing charges after a security guard at the Liberty Giant Eagle reported that he tried stealing cigarettes and then pushed him as he tried to run away .
Police said around 12:30 a.m. Saturday , a customer reported suspicious activity by a man at the grocery store . The customer told a security guard that a man grabbed four cartons of cigarettes after reaching over the front service desk counter and then put those cigarettes into his pockets .
As he was leaving the store , the security guard stopped the suspect , identified as 60-year-old James Blackmon , Jr. Police said the security guard said , “ You have something in your jacket , ” at which time Blackmon handed him two cartons of cigarettes .
The security guard then detained Blackmon to call police .
He reported that Blackmon then began swinging his arms and that he pushed him . He said Blackmon ran toward the doors , knocking over two display stands and several shopping baskets in the process .
Blackmon was stopped by a man near the front door who identified himself as an off-duty police officer . Blackmon was detained until officers arrived .
Blackmon was arrested on two warrants and charged with robbery .
Prime ( norma ) 6.5 creedmoor brass I have a little over 300 rounds ( 319 if I counted correctly ) of once fired prime 6.5 creedmoor brass for sale . This was fired through my 6.5 ar308 so some necks are dinged a little . These are tumbled and polished but still have spent primers . Asking $ 160 shipped .
FILE - In this May 11 , 2018 , file photo , Philadelphia 76ers general manager Bryan Colangelo speaks during a news conference at the NBA basketball team 's practice facility in Camden , N.J. Colangelo is denying a report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , among other NBA figures . The accounts also took aim at former Sixers GM Sam Hinkie , Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel , according to a report by The Ringer . Matt Rourke , File AP Photo
The Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is ready for the arrival of tens of thousands of Super Bowl 52 fans — and extremely prepared for their departure from the Twin Cities on Monday after Sunday 's big game .
“ For many Super Bowl attendees , Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport will be their first and last impression of Minnesota , and we want to ensure it 's a great one , ” said Brian Ryks , executive director and CEO of the Metropolitan Airports Commission , which owns and operates MSP .
The airport has spruced up with a special Super Bowl info page on its website , an enhanced Wi-Fi system , new carpeting , new furniture , new shops and restaurants and has added lots of NFL signage and pop-up Super Bowl souvenir shops in the terminals .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Security , cold weather and excitement ahead of Super Bowl Sunday 2:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Extra volunteers have been recruited to help travelers with airport wayfinding and extra space has been arranged for all the taxis , rental cars , limos and Uber and Lyft cars that will be supplementing public transportation options at the airport .
Weather contingency plans are in place . Airport police and fire crews have been working with city , county and federal law enforcement agencies on how to deal with various scenarios . And the Transportation Security Administration is bringing in extra officers and passenger-screening canines to help process passengers heading home after the game .
“ TSA operations at MSP following the Super Bowl will be an ‘ all hands on deck ' operation , ” said TSA spokeswoman Lorie Dankers . “ From uniformed staff to plain-clothes administrative personnel , everyone will be working . ”
TSA and MSP expect to set passenger records on the Monday and Tuesday after Super Bowl , but airport officials are confident their team is up for the challenge .
“ We have a solid plan in place to keep everyone safe , the operation running smoothly , and travelers ' experience positive , ” said MSP 's Ryks .
Safe , smooth and fun
Safe and smooth is good , but MSP 's Super Bowl welcome team is also offering fans of the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots some fun extras .
A 10-day “ Performing Arts Spectacular ” is underway , with a lineup of events featuring everything from Bollywood , hip-hop and flamenco dancers to vocal and drum performances . The airport 's animal ambassadors will be out in full force . And giveaways in the terminals will include a series of Super Bowl/Winter-themed MSP buttons and foldable terminal maps with disposable hand warmers attached .
Several airlines , including Delta , Southwest , American and United , have added flights to MSP from Boston , Philadelphia and many other major hubs for Super Bowl ticket holders and last-minute planners heading to the Twin Cities to partake of Super Bowl festivities .
In addition to the extra flights , American Airlines , the official airline for the Philadelphia Eagles , is handing out Eagles rally towels to all passengers flying on from Philadelphia to Minneapolis-St. Paul through Sunday , Feb. 4 .
And on Saturday and Sunday , United Airlines is serving “ football favorites , ” including hot dogs and macaroni salad , to customers visiting the carriers ' lounges in its hub cities . United Club visitors in Boston , Philadelphia and Minneapolis will also find extra treats , including lobster roll and New England clam chowder in Boston ; Tastykakes and a build-your-own hoagie bar in Philadelphia ; and Captain Ken 's Wagon Trail Chili ( a Minnesota favorite ) in Minneapolis .
This workshop will cover issues such as : · where to get ideas
· how to find a topic that editors and publishers will find interesting
· where to publish
· the process of getting published
Click here to register .
For more information , contact jon.hufford @ ttu.edu or brian.quinn @ ttu.edu Posted :
2/2/2018
Originator :
Julie Barnett
Email :
julie.barnett @ ttu.edu
Department :
Library
Event Information
Time : 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM
Event Date : 2/2/2018
Location :
Library Instruction Lab 150
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Academic
Departmental
Lin-Manuel Miranda has released a new star-studded ensemble track called “ Almost Like Praying ” to benefit relief efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico . All proceeds from the song will go to the Hispanic Federation 's UNIDOS Disaster Relief Fund .
The upbeat pop song takes its eponymous hook from a sample of a clip from “ Maria ” from West Side Story , but is otherwise sung in Spanish , featuring appearances from Jennifer Lopez , Marc Anthony , Camila Cabello , Dessa , Gloria Estefan , Luis Fonsi , Rita Moreno , Fat Joe , Ruben Blades , and more . It culminates in a harmonized refrain of “ Puerto Rico . ”
“ The name ‘ Maria ' forever has a negative connotation for this island , ” Miranda told USA Today . It 's the worst storm in 100 years . It 's also the name of my favorite song from West Side Story . I kept thinking about that song , so I took a sample from the song ‘ Maria , ' to flip it . To literally flip the sample the same way we 're trying to flip the natural disaster into something positive . ”
Listen below , and download “ Almost Like Praying ” here .
For many years , Wellington has hosted a free whānau-friendly day out called Te Rā o te Raukura and it has been confirmed that it will be back for another year .
The event will be held on February 3 , 2018 , at Te Whiti Park in Waiwhetu and is expected to attract many festival-goers and spectators as it coincides with the beginning of the Te Matatini regional campaign competitions .
Despite kapa haka being at the heart of the festival , event coordinators have confirmed there will be other live entertainment throughout the day , with Maimoa Music headlining the event .
It will also feature a variety of food stalls , merchandise stores , and community health services .
90 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Toronto Wolfpack will play Toulouse Olympique at next year 's Magic Weekend .
The two teams will clash at St James ' Park in what will be the first ever Championship fixture to take place at the Super League event after Super League clubs approved the decision to add a seventh fixture to the weekend .
The Wolfpack were due to host the French side in Toronto that weekend , but have relinquished their home advantage in order for the game to be staged in Newcastle .
It means Magic Weekend will feature seven matches for the first time since 2014 when 14 clubs were in Super League .
For the full story , buy League Express in stores today or read online at totalrl.com/le .
This image shows an Einstein ring ( middle right ) , which occurs when a massive object acts like a lens for light coming toward the observer from a background object . This phenomenon is known as gravitational lensing , and recently used for the first time to measure the mass of an individual star .
The mass of a white dwarf star located about 18 light-years from Earth , has been a subject of some controversy for over a century . Now , a group of astronomers has finally made a precise measurement of the star 's mass and settled a 100-year-old debate , using a cosmic phenomenon first predicted by Albert Einstein .
The researchers calculated the star 's mass using carefully timed observations made by the Hubble Space Telescope , which studied Stein 2051 B when it eclipsed another , more distant star , as seen from Earth . During this transit , the background star appeared to change its position in the sky , moving ever so slightly to the side , even though its actual position on the sky had not changed at all .
Related : Einstein 's Theory of Relativity Explained
This cosmic optical illusion is broadly known as gravitational lensing , and its effects have been observed extensively throughout the universe , especially near very massive objects , such as entire galaxies . The effect occurs because a massive object warps the space around it and acts like a very large lens , bending the path of the light from the more distant object . In some cases , this creates the illusion that the background star has been displaced .
( Water can also create this kind of displacement illusion ; try placing a pencil in a glass of water , and note that the submerged half of the pencil appears disconnected from the dry half . )
Einstein predicted that these displacement events could be used to measure individual stellar masses . That 's because the extent to which the background star 's position is offset depends on the mass of the foreground star . But telescopes at the time lacked the sensitivity to make that dream a reality .
The scientists behind the new work said no one , before now , has ever used the displacement of a background star to calculate the mass of an individual star . In fact , there is only one other example of scientists measuring this displacement between individual stars : During the 1919 total solar eclipse , scientists saw the sun displace a few background stars . That measurement was possible only because of the sun 's proximity to Earth .
A paper describing the new work was published online today in the journal Science .
This illustration shows how the gravity of an object , such as a white dwarf star , warps space and bends the path of light rays from a more distant object . ESA/Hubble , NASA
A Cosmic Lens
Einstein 's theory of general relativity hypothesized that space is flexible rather than fixed and that massive objects ( like stars ) create curves in space , sort of like a bowling ball creating a curve on the surface of a mattress . The degree to which an object warps space-time depends on how massive that object is ( similarly , a heavier bowling ball puts a deeper imprint on a mattress ) .
A ray of light normally travels in a straight line through empty space , but if the ray passes close by a massive object , the curve in space created by the star acts like a bend in the road , causing the light ray to veer away from It 's formerly straight path .
Einstein showed that this deflection could direct more light toward the observer , similar to how a magnifying glass can focus diffuse light from the sun down into a single spot . This effect causes the background object to appear brighter , or it creates a ring of bright light around the foreground object called an Einstein ring .
Related : How Scientists Verified One of Einstein 's Most Controversial Theories
Astronomers have observed Einstein rings and `` brightening events '' when very massive foreground lenses , like entire galaxies , create the phenomena . These have also been observed along the plane of the Milky Way galaxy , where individual stars likely cause the lensing effect . It has also been used to detect planets around other stars .
In the new study , astronomers reported the first ever observation of so-called `` asymmetric lensing '' involving two stars outside Earth 's solar system , in which the position of the background star appeared to change .
The degree of displacement is directly related to the foreground object 's mass . With relatively `` light '' objects , like stars , the displacement is extremely small and thus more difficult to detect , according to Kailash C. Sahu , an astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , and the lead author on the new paper . In the case of Stein 2051 B , the displacement was about 2 milliarcseconds on the plane of the sky , or about equal to the width of a quarter seen from 1,500 miles ( 2,400 kilometers ) away , Sahu said .
Related : This `` Dragonfly '' Could Answer Some Big Questions About Saturn 's Largest Moon
Measuring such a subtle change required a powerful instrument , like the Hubble telescope 's high-resolution camera , which was installed in 2009 . This instrument also made it possible to pick out the light from the displaced star , which was somewhat overshadowed by the light from Stein 2051 B — like a firefly next to a lightbulb , Sahu said .
The researchers took eight measurements between October 2013 and October 2015 , so they could observe the white dwarf moving across the sky , eclipsing the background star and creating the displacement . The scientists also observed the actual position of the background star after the white dwarf had passed by .
Many variables could affect whether scientists can observe more events like this . Those variables include the alignment of the two objects , the mass and proximity of the foreground object , the separation between the foreground and background object , and the sensitivity of the telescope . But Sahu said he thinks his team has demonstrated the effectiveness of the method and that scientists could use it to measure the masses of about two to four nearby stars per year .
This graph shows observations of the white dwarf Stein 2051 B at various points as it moved across the sky , eclipsing a background star . Astronomers observed the white dwarf 's motion , as well as the way it gravitationally lensed light from the background star . K. Sahu ( STScI ) /NASA/ESA
Star Fossils
White dwarfs are stars that have stopped burning hydrogen in their cores and subsequently shed their outer layers . In each of these stars , the remaining mass has collapsed into a dense core known as a white dwarf . This collapse drives up the temperature on the surface of these objects , so they may burn hotter than `` living '' stars .
`` At least 97 percent of the stars in the sky , including the sun , will become or already are white dwarfs , '' Terry Oswalt , a professor of engineering and physics at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach , Florida , wrote in an accompanying Perspectives article in Science . `` Because they are the fossils of all prior generations of stars , white dwarfs are key to sorting out the history and evolution of galaxies such as our own . ''
The mass of Stein 2051 B has been `` a source of controversy for over 100 years , '' said Oswalt , who was not affiliated with the new research .
Related : Earth-Sized Telescope May Let Us See Black Hole First
The current picture that scientists have of white dwarfs suggests that the mass and radius of these objects reveals important information about how they formed , what they 're made of , and what kind of stars they formed from , according to Sahu .
Previous measurements of the mass of Stein 2051 B suggested it was largely composed of iron , but that finding presented several problems based on accepted theories about white dwarf formation and stellar evolution , according to the research paper . For example , to form large amounts of iron , the star that would become Stein 2051 B would have to have been extremely massive , but the radius of Stein 2051 B suggests it formed from a star not much larger than the sun .
If those measurements of Stein 2051 's mass were correct , it would have sent astrophysicists back to the drawing board to figure out how such an object could have formed . Sahu said astronomers realized their measurements of Stein 2051 B 's mass were probably incorrect , but they had no way to know for sure .
Related : The Search for Extraterrestrial Life Gets Help from Powerful New Tools
Typically , the only way to measure the mass of a star is to observe how it interacts with another massive body . For example , in a binary system where two stars orbit each other , the heavier star will have a large influence on the motion of the lighter one , and by observing the two stars ' interaction over time , scientists can calculate more and more specific values for the stars ' masses . Stein 2051 B has a companion , but the two bodies orbit very far apart , so their influence on each other is minimal .
The new result shows that Stein 2051 B is , in fact , a very normal white dwarf , and it fits in just fine with the accepted formation theory Sahu said . Its mass is about 0.68 times the mass of the sun , indicating it formed from a star about 2.3 times the mass of the sun , Sahu said . That 's compared to the previous measurement which placed the white dwarf 's mass at about 0.5 times the mass of the sun . Not very many white dwarfs have had both their masses and radii measured precisely , he added .
`` It confirms white dwarf mass-radius relationship , '' he said . `` [ Astrophysicists ] have been using that theory , and it 's good to know it 's on solid footing . ''
Follow Calla Cofield @ callacofield . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on Space.com .
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) — It can start with a couple of traffic tickets . Unable to pay the tickets right away , a driver becomes saddled with late fees , fines and court costs . Soon , the driver may be taken off the road indefinitely . More than 40 states allow the suspension of driver 's licenses for people with unpaid criminal or traffic court debt . But now , advocates across the country are pushing to change that , arguing that such laws are unconstitutional because they unfairly punish poor people and violate due process by not giving drivers notice or an opportunity to show they can not afford to pay the fees . Lawsuits have been filed in at least five states over the past two years .
“ It 's not that I do n't want to take care of what I owe . I really wish I could , ” said Brianna Morgan , a single mother from Petersburg , Virginia , who has n't had a license in three years because she owes more than $ 400 in traffic fines and court costs from traffic violations and a disorderly conduct citation . “ I really do n't have a way to pay it , ” said Morgan , who supports herself and her three children on a monthly disability check .
Advocates had a victory this week in Tennessee , where a federal judge ruled that a law that allows the state to revoke the licenses of low-income people with unpaid court debt from past criminal convictions is unconstitutional . U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger called the law “ powerfully counterproductive ” and ordered Tennessee to stop revoking licenses and to reinstate the licenses of people who had theirs revoked due solely to nonpayment of court fees . “ If a person has no resources to pay a debt , he can not be threatened or cajoled into paying it ; he may , however , become able to pay it in the future . But taking his driver 's license away sabotages that prospect , ” Trauger wrote in her ruling Monday .
In Virginia , nearly a million people currently have suspended driver 's licenses at least in part because of unpaid court debt , according to the Legal Aid Justice Center , a nonprofit that is challenging the practice in a federal lawsuit . A judge dismissed the case on jurisdictional grounds , but in a ruling in May , the 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals gave the case new life , sending it back to the lower court to allow the plaintiffs to revise the lawsuit .
Millions of drivers nationwide have lost licenses because of such laws . In a study released in September , the justice center estimated that 4.2 million people then had suspended or revoked licenses for unpaid court debt in five states alone : Virginia , Tennessee , Michigan , North Carolina and Texas .
Lawsuits are pending in North Carolina , Montana and Michigan , in addition to Virginia and Tennessee . In California , legislation enacted last year prohibits state courts from suspending driver 's licenses simply because of unpaid traffic fines .
But supporters of the laws say people who violate traffic laws must be held accountable .
Virginia Republican state Sen. Bill Carrico said the threat of losing a license can provide incentive to pay fines .
“ If we do n't suspend driver 's licenses , then people will say , ' I 'm not going to pay the fine , ' ” Carrico said . “ That 's a slippery slope . ”
A separate lawsuit still pending in Tennessee challenges a law that allows the state to take away the driver 's licenses of people with unpaid traffic debt .
For Ashley Sprague , a 27-year-old mother of five from Lebanon , Tennessee , who is a plaintiff in that case , the thought of paying $ 946 in traffic debt , plus $ 388 to get her license reinstated , was overwhelming .
Her debt began in 2015 after she got a citation for speeding and failure to have proof of insurance . At the time , she made $ 2.13 an hour , plus tips , as a waitress at Waffle House .
Sprague said she could n't afford to pay and lost two jobs while her license was suspended because she had to rely on other people to get to work .
In the Virginia case , Judge Roger Gregory , chief justice of the 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , wrote that the state 's system does not differentiate between those unable to pay from those unwilling to pay .
“ By suspending the licenses of those who can not pay for reasons outside of their control , the state traps thousands of Virginians in a nightmarish spiral for which there is no apparent exit , ” Gregory wrote .
But Jonathan Turley , a professor at George Washington University Law School , said he thinks it 's unlikely the lawsuits will succeed in getting other states to stop suspending licenses for nonpayment of fees .
“ There 's no question that suspension for failure to pay a fine is the hardest on those who can not pay the fine , but courts will be concerned about the slippery slope narrative , ” Turley said .
“ If there is a constitutional barrier to the suspension of licenses for failure to pay a fine , where does that right begin and end ? Does that apply to all permits and licenses ? ”
Sherrie ” Mama San ” Lynn Meinert , age 50 of Rhinelander , died Saturday , April 15 , 2017 at her home . She was born April 16 , 1966 , in Racine to Edwin and Karen ( Miller ) Meinert .
Sherrie will be remembered by her family and friends for her sassy , upbeat , and lively spirit . She enjoyed playing cards , camping , gardening , karaoke , and hosting cookouts and bonfires with her large family and many friends .
Sherrie is survived by her daughters , Kristine ( Carl ) Marvin , and Kimberly ( Jason ) Marvin ; grandchildren , Marcus , Payton , Charli , Alexzander , and Colin ; siblings , other family and many friends .
Sherrie was preceded in death by her parents .
A celebration of life for Sherrie will be held Saturday , April 22 from 12 p.m. until sun up at her home . ( The Carlson Funeral Home )
MINNEAPOLIS - On Monday , the Houston Rockets scored 50 points in the third quarter at Minnesota to take control of Game 4 of their first-round series with the Timberwolves , the same total they produced for the entire first half .
It was the second-highest scoring quarter by any team in the history of the NBA playoffs . The Los Angeles Lakers scored 51 points in the fourth quarter on March 31 , 1962 , in a loss to the Detroit Pistons .
The all-time record for any game was set by the Buffalo Braves with 58 points in the fourth quarter of a loss to the Boston Celtics on Oct. 20 , 1972 .
James Harden had 22 points in the third to lead the runaway by the Rockets , who turned a one-point lead into a 31-point advantage over the 12-minute span .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MINNEAPOLIS — A city that 's spawned a surprising number of terror suspects is hosting this year 's Super Bowl , but local law enforcement officials say they 're ready to protect Sunday 's big game .
The Minneapolis-St. Paul area has been home to the third highest number of terror prosecutions in the U.S. since 9/11 , behind only the much larger metropolitan regions of New York and Washington , D.C. Twelve Twin Cities residents have been charged with providing support to ISIS and 20 have been arrested for alleged support of the Somali terror group al Shabab in the past nine years . Between 2011 and 2014 , 13 locals died fighting for al Shabab and ISIS , according to U.S intelligence officials .
ISIS has continually called for attacks on large-scale events and the possibility of someone hearing those calls is not lost on the FBI 's Joe Rivers , who 's in charge of terrorism investigations in Minneapolis .
The view from an FBI Blackhawk helicopter above Minneapolis and St. Paul . NBC News
Rivers says the FBI and local law enforcement are more concerned about the potential for lone wolves to attack with a vehicle or a firearm than a sophisticated operation . “ I think we 're more worried about the fact that an individual is inspired to potentially do something , ” said Rivers , “ and that they find the means and the mechanisms to go ahead and do that either on their own or with very little help . ”
To prepare and respond to any potential incident the FBI says it has brought in 200 extra agents who are a part of 1,000 federal agents from multiple agencies composing the largest deployment in Super Bowl history . Minneapolis and other nearby police departments will add nearly 1,000 extra officers , for a total uniformed presence of 2,000 .
The game between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles kicks off at about 6:30 p.m. at U.S. Bank Stadium in downtown Minneapolis , and features halftime performances by Justin Timberlake and Pink . The venue holds nearly 67,000 people .
Minneapolis Police Commander Scott Gerlicher , who is in charge of the city 's Super Bowl security operation says , “ There are no credible threats currently to the Super Bowl or any activities but there 's a large group of people who are looking at that and monitoring that hour by hour . ”
One of the tactics for thwarting any would-be terrorist , say law enforcement officials , is creating secure perimeters for the stadium and other public event spaces , and positioning Humvee-style trucks to prevent vehicle attacks .
A security officer with a K-9 partner stands watch at the Mall of America , site of the Super Bowl LII Media Center in Bloomington , Minnesota , on Jan. 28 . Erik S. Lesser / EPA
Around the city and at Super Bowl events , said FBI Supervisory Special Agent Brandon Grant , state , local and federal bomb squad teams from across the region and the country are ready to respond to any suspicious package . Grant said that the teams have brought in 16 small x-ray devices , worth over $ 35,000 each , to deploy with technicians – the largest-ever such deployment of the technology .
The devices are designed to quickly scan a suspicious bag or item and produce an image of the contents on a handheld tablet . Grant said the compact size of the x-ray kits means technicians can hand-carry them in a crowd and get an image 10 times faster than older devices .
If someone simply forgot a bag in the crowd of thousands , said Grant , the bomb techs can address it and “ just move on . ”
In the air , the FBI will use Blackhawk helicopters equipped with infrared cameras to surveil key Super Bowl sites . The Blackhawks can also be used to move heavily armed agents to any potential attack site , or to evacuate injured people to local hospitals or triage centers .
The FBI says it is n't disclosing where the armed teams are situated but says they will be on standby leading up to and during the big game to respond to any crisis .
The Daily Stormer , a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the `` Unite the Right '' rally in Charlottesville , Va. , will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy , after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories .
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down , with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous . That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours . But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group does n't seem to be involved .
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer , 32 , an anti-white nationalist protester . Police say James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people .
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia , prompting calls for GoDaddy , which hosts the site , to be taken down .
Posting a link to the offending story , women 's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter , `` @ GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site . Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned . ''
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message , and the web service replied late Sunday night , `` We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider , as they have violated our terms of service . ''
In the story on the Daily Stormer , the purported hackers say they 'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy . But in a break with notable hacking takeovers , the story does n't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site ; instead , it 's published alongside other pieces , including the one about Heyer .
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin , who also writes much of its most high-profile content ; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising .
The alleged hackers ' message included the hashtag # TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site 's views to celebrate its seeming demise . News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover , which had included the explanation , `` this evil can not be allowed to stand . ''
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states , `` We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous ' is involved yet . Looks more like a DS stunt . Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host . ''
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states , `` We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS ' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing . ''
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing , noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be `` sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person . ''
`` LOL , this meme just wo n't end , '' one person wrote about the Lagos reference .
Earlier this year , Anglin 's website was linked to an office in Worthington , Ohio , the Columbus suburb where he went to high school . As Columbus Alive reported , `` Anglin 's current whereabouts remain unknown . ''
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over .
`` Anglin you are a legend , '' one person wrote .
Indigenous languages as tools for technological advancement
With the Federal Government 's resolve to promote the teaching of mathematics and sciences at primary school level via the use of indigenous languages , Nigeria may not be far from sending its own scientists into space , writes Head , Education Desk , Iyabo Lawal
Three times one , three ; three times two , six ; three times three , nine ; three times four , 12 ; three times five , 15 ; three times six , 18 ; three times seven , 21…three times 12 , 36 , ” repeat after me , the enthusiastic teacher read out in Efik .
“ Three times one , three ; three times two , six , three times three , nine… ” the excited kids mellifluously sang in unison .
For the first time , their faces lit up in clear understanding of what they are being taught .
“ Now , write down your homework , ” the teacher said as she scribbled some arithmetical exercises on the chalkboard for the young pupils to copy . “ Any question ? ” she asked as she made to walk out of the classroom .
“ No Aunty ! ” the schoolchildren chorused in delight .
Shoulders high , the proud teacher stepped out . But as she left for the staff room , a frown creased across her forehead . While she speaks Efik quite fluently , her vocabulary is limited in the language .
In January this year , the Minister of Science and Technology , Dr. Ogbonaya Onu , announced what not a few parents and guardians had hoped for years , would help schoolchildren to better understand what they are being taught in the class , when he said plans were underway for mathematics and science subjects to be taught in indigenous languages in primary schools across the country ,
As the minister looked intently at pupils of Ekulu Primary School in Enugu , he had hoped that such introduction would encourage the application of science and technology in the country .
Onu had gone to the school to present computer sets and other science kits donated by his ministry to the school . But his dream is beyond the kids being computer-literate or science-savvy but he dreams of a day when Nigeria can send scientists into space .
So , how will using indigenous languages make that possible ?
“ The Ministry of Science and Technology is worried over the low interest in mathematics and the science subjects . So , we are working on plans to teach mathematics and sciences in indigenous languages in primary schools . These pupils grow up with their indigenous languages at home before they start going to school , where they are now taught in foreign languages .
“ So , we have observed that there is a challenge to understand the foreign languages first before they could even start understanding what they are being taught . We believe that this plan will help our students to understand mathematics and the science subjects , and also promote the application of science and technology for national development , ” Onu had affirmed .
Nigerians will have at least a reason to cheer that news because an information technology powerhouse like India had long before now adopted a similar strategy by teaching mathematics and the science subjects in indigenous languages at the primary school level .
But experts have noted that the government will have to first develop the vocabulary of the indigenous languages before they could be used to teach the subjects effectively .
For Onu and the Federal Government , that will not be a hard nut to crack as the Ministry of Science and Technology would collaborate with the Ministry of Education to develop the capacity of the local languages to serve as effective tools for teaching mathematics and science subjects .
“ For us to build the country of our dreams , for us to make Nigeria a truly great nation , one that is able to feed and house its citizens , a nation with a stable currency , we must embrace science and technology . It is my duty as the minister of science and technology to make Nigerians to understand this , ” he added unequivocally .
Onu 's words re-echoed Professor Babatunde Fafunwa 's position that Nigeria 's school children should be taught at the primary school level in their mother tongue .
Already , an inter ministerial committee has been set up with the task of helping to develop the capacity of the local languages to serve as effective tools for teaching mathematics and science subjects .
According to Fafunwa , educators and psychologists assume that Nigerian kids will easily switch from the mother tongue they grew up learning to a new language they are confronted with in school .
“ The fact of the matter , however , is that the child 's cognitive equilibrium has been disturbed and this abnormal situation tends to retard the cognitive process . There is little or no continuity between the child 's home experience and his school experience – a situation that does not arise in western countries where , in most cases , the child 's school experience is a continuation of his home experience and exposure , ” the first Nigerian education professor had said years back .
Scholars have noted that concerning primary school dropouts in the country , 40 to 60 per cent is traceable to premature introduction of English as a language of instruction , poorly trained teachers and inadequate teaching and learning facilities .
The World Bank and the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organisation ( UNESCO ) studies on basic education have all indicated that children learn better and faster – eagerly – when instructed in their mother tongue .
Some studies further noted that countries that rank highest in the world in mathematics and science tests , as reported by Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study ( TIMSS ) , are usually those that pay more attention to teaching schoolchildren in indigenous languages .
But some questions have been thrown up concerning this cheering news : How will children be taught in a cosmopolitan city like Lagos with pupils from various ethnic backgrounds ? What happens if a pupil has to move to another state and school where his or indigenous language is not being used ? Despite the seeming challenges , experts feel the merits outweigh the demerits .
As noted by a professor of English and Linguistics at United States International University , Nairobi , Kenya , Angelina Kioko , in countries where English is not the first language , many parents and communities believe their children will get a head-start in education by going ‘ straight for English ' and bypassing the home language .
In Kenya , she stated , some learners in urban and some cosmopolitan settings speak and understand some English by the time they join school . But learners in the rural areas enter school with only their home language . For these learners , using the mother tongue in early education leads to a better understanding of the curriculum content and to a more positive attitude towards school .
She gave a number of reasons for that . First , learning starts at home not in school with use of indigenous language .
“ Second , by using the learners ' home language , they are more likely to engage in the learning process . The interactive learner-centred approach – recommended by all educationists – thrives in an environment where learners are sufficiently proficient in the language of instruction . It allows learners to make suggestions , ask questions , answer questions and create and communicate new knowledge with enthusiasm .
“ It gives learners confidence and helps to affirm their cultural identity . This in turn has a positive impact on the way learners see the relevance of school to their lives . But when learners start school in a language that is still new to them , it leads to a teacher-centred approach and reinforces passiveness and silence in classrooms , ” Kioko argued .
She explained further that when learners speak or understand the language used to instruct them , they develop reading and writing skills quicker than when instructed in a foreign language like English .
“ Introducing reading and writing to learners in a language they speak and understand leads to great excitement when they discover that they can make sense of written texts and can write the names of people and things in their environment . Research in Early Grade Reading ( EGRA ) has shown that pupils who develop reading skills early have a head-start in education .
“ It has also been shown that skills and concepts taught in the learners ' home language do not have to be re-taught when they transfer to a second language . A learner who knows how to read and write in one language will develop reading and writing skills in a new language faster , ” the Kenya-based scholar said .
She is of the opinion that using an indigenous language to teach schoolchildren also reduces the stress of the teacher as long as she can speak that language .
Kioko added , “ Research has shown that in learning situations where both the teacher and the learner are non-native users of the language of instruction , the teacher struggles as much as the learners , particularly at the start of education .
“ But when teaching starts in the teachers ' and learners ' home language , the experience is more natural and less stressful for all . As a result , the teacher can be more creative and innovative in designing teaching/learning materials and approaches , leading to improved learning outcomes . ”
On the modalities for the take off of the initiative , the Director of information , Federal Ministry of Education , Mrs Chineye Ihuoma said the area of coverage for the policy at the initial stage would be restricted to the basic level , thereafter , it would be expanded to cover secondary school .
Determined as Onu is , educators are of the view that a proper foundation should be laid out before indigenous languages become the medium of instruction for pupils in primary schools across the country . They also urge the Federal Government to ensure that such innovation will be sustainable and will not be subjected to the political caprices of successive governments .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Israeli police arrived at the home of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday to question him in connection with corruption allegations , FoxNews.com confirmed .
A black screen had been placed in front of Netanyahu 's official residence in apparent anticipation of the investigators ' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them .
The investigation — which Netanyahu calls “ baseless ” — will address the suspicion that Netanyahu and his family received gifts from Israeli and foreign businessmen in breach of his role as a public servant .
Netanyahu and his wife , Sara , have weathered several scandals over the years , including investigations into the misuse of state funds and an audit of the family 's spending on everything from laundry to ice cream . They have denied any wrongdoing .
Netanyahu is not the first prime minister to be questioned in a criminal case . Ehud Olmert is currently serving 18 months in prison after being convicted of breach of trust and bribery in 2014 and former prime minister Ariel Sharon was questioned while in office in 2003 and 2004 over allegations of bribery and corruption involving him and his two sons .
Speaking at a meeting of his Likud faction Monday afternoon , Netanyahu again denied allegations of wrongdoing .
“ We 've been paying attention to reports in the media , we are hearing the celebratory mood and the atmosphere in the television studios and the corridors of the opposition , and I would like to tell them , stop with the celebrations , do n't rush , ” he said . “ There wo n't be anything because there is nothing . ”
Israel 's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “ favors ” from businessmen in Israel and abroad , and is the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members . It said a criminal probe is expected next week .
Israel 's Justice Ministry and police have declined to comment on the media reports .
A campaign is underway by Erel Margalit , an opposition lawmaker of the Zionist Union party , for Netanyahu to be formally investigated over suspicions of prominent donors improperly transferring money for Netanyahu 's personal use , as well as reports that Netanyahu 's personal attorney represented a German firm involved in a $ 1.5 billion sale of submarines to Israel .
FoxNews.com 's Yonat Friling and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
LAST season 's finalists Limerick FC bowed out of the EA Sports Cup at the second round stage after suffering a 3-0 defeat to Cork City at the Markets Field on Easter Monday .
Limerick have made 10 changes from the side that beat Drogheda United in the Premier Division on Saturday , with goalkeeper Brendan Clarke the sole survivor , while in-form Cork City made seven changes from the line-up that defeated Bohemians .
A Gary Buckley goal in the 22nd minute after Limerick had survived a goalmouth scramble had SSE Airtricity League Premier Division leaders Cork City 1-0 to the good at half-time before an official attendance of 845 .
When the fit-again Shane Tracy knocked the ball into his own goal in the 64th minute from Stephen Dooley 's corner , Willie John Boland 's experimental Limerick line-up was facing an uphill battle .
Shane Griffin added a third for the Leesiders four minutes later to ensure John Caulfield 's side recorded the same scoreline as when they visited the Garryowen venue for a Premier Division fixture a few short weeks earlier .
Next up for Limerick is a crucial Premier Division fixture with basement side Galway United at the Markets Field on Friday , 7.45pm , the Blues third game in the space of six days .
LIMERICK FC : Brendan Clarke , David O'Connor , Shane Tracy ( Capt ) , Garbhan Coughlan ( John O'Flynn 46 ) , Ian Turner , Stephen Kenny ( Sean McSweeney 71 ) , Dean Clarke , Barry Cotter ( Tony Whitehead 81 ) , Tobias Kainz , Bastien Hery , Tommy Walsh .
CORK CITY : Mark McNulty , John Dunleavy , Ryan Delaney , Greg Bolger ( Capt ) , Achille Campion ( Alec Byrne 57 ) , Steven Beattie , Stephen Dooley , Connor Ellis ( Sean Maguire 57 ) , Shane Griffin , Conor McCarthy , Garry Buckley ( John Kavanagh 72 ) .
REFEREE : Jim McKell
More than 50 female Democratic lawmakers on Monday asked the House oversight committee to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct against President Donald Trump .
In a letter to committee chairman Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , and ranking member Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , the Democratic Women 's Working Group wrote that the country deserves “ a full inquiry into the truth of these allegations . ”
“ At least 17 women have publicly accused the President of sexual misconduct , ” the letter , which was signed by 56 lawmakers , said . “ We can not ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations . ”
Related : Women who have accused Trump of sexual misconduct speak out
The letter added that Trump , who has called the claims false and said “ the American people voiced their judgment ” on the allegations by giving him a `` decisive victory '' in the 2016 presidential election , should be allowed to present evidence in his own defense .
Three of the lawmakers leading the effort — Lois Frankel of Florida , Brenda Lawrence of Michigan and Jackie Speier of California — planned to speak at a news conference Tuesday .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump accusers share stories , senator calls for congressional investigation 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier Monday , three women appeared on `` Megyn Kelly Today '' recalling encounters with Trump during which they said he acted inappropriately .
One of the women , Rachel Crooks , said Trump repeatedly forcibly kissed her inside Trump Tower in 2005 . Another woman , Jessica Leeds , said that Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt more than three decades ago when he sat beside her on an airline .
Related : Since Weinstein , here 's a growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
At a separate news conference , the women called on Congress to investigate the president .
Rep. Jackie Speier , D-Calif. , speaks at a press conference on sexual harassment in Congress on November 15 , 2017 in Washington . Win McNamee / Getty Images file
Recalling the allegations that in October toppled a former high-power movie producer , Harvey Weinstein , Leeds said : “ It became apparent that in some areas the accusations of sexual aggression were being taken seriously and people were being held accountable , except for our president , and he was not being held accountable . ”
`` I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump 's history of sexual misconduct , '' Crooks added .
Messages left with Gowdy 's Washington D.C. office and at the office of the House oversight committee on Monday were not immediately returned .
Young girl in Barbados became Florida Panthers the biggest fan
An 11-year-old native of Barbados had just participated in a Florida Panthers hockey clinic in her country , it was her first exposure to hockey , and she met Florida Panthers defensemen Alex Petrovic and Ian McCoshen .
OMAHA , Neb . — Nebraska athletic director Bill Moos said Tuesday night his comment about coaches Urban Meyer of Ohio State and Jim Harbaugh of Michigan “ running a little bit scared ” following coach Scott Frost 's arrival in Lincoln was “ a bit of tongue in cheek . ”
In an appearance at an Omaha Press Club luncheon earlier in the day , Moos said Frost would need time to turn around the Cornhuskers , who were 4-8 last season , but better days are ahead .
Moos added , according to the Omaha World-Herald , “ You 've got Urban Meyer and Jim Harbaugh thinking , ‘ We better put a little more into that Nebraska game coming up . ' And that 's the way we want it . They 're running a little bit scared right now . And they wo n't admit it . We 'll leave that at that . ”
The remark set off a run of sarcastic replies from Big Ten fans and media on Twitter .
Asked in the evening if he stood by his comment , Moos wrote in a text to The Associated Press , “ A bit of tongue in cheek . Meant to point out that the competition is aware that there 's a renewed energy at Nebraska and we aim to get back in the hunt . ”
Nebraska visits Michigan on Sept. 22 and Ohio State on Nov. 3 .
The defending Big Ten champion Buckeyes beat Nebraska 56-14 in Lincoln last year and 62-3 in Columbus in 2016 .
Nebraska is 2-1 against Michigan since entering the Big Ten in 2011 , with the Wolverines coached by Brady Hoke in each of those games .
The Huskers have not won a conference championship since 1999 , when they were in the Big 12 , and lost 70-31 to Wisconsin in 2012 in their only appearance in the Big Ten title game .
——
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Ed Sheeran may have told his fans he was taking a much-needed break but we got a great New Year surprise ! Ed 's message of new music !
Big Red took to twitter this morning to share the news :
Unfortunately , Ed did n't give up much more info than that ( a new album , or tour dates ) but he NEW MUSIC THIS FRIDAY ? We 'll take it ! ! !
Are you excited ?
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett runs an agility drill during NFL football practice , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Renton , Wash. Ted S. Warren AP Photo
BERLIN — German Chancellor Angela Merkel pushed Monday for quick movement toward a new governing alliance with the main centre-left party , saying that only such a coalition will bring the “ stable government ” needed at a challenging time for Europe .
Merkel stressed her interest in bolstering European unity and suggested that it could underpin a new “ grand coalition ” of Germany 's biggest parties — her own conservative Union bloc and the centre-left Social Democrats .
The two sides will begin discussions Wednesday on a possible extension of their coalition of the past four years . But it is far from certain that a new alliance will come together .
Germany is on course to easily beat its previous record of 86 days — set in 2013 — for the time from an election to the swearing-in of a new government .
After their disastrous election result on Sept. 24 , the Social Democrats said they would go into opposition . They reluctantly agreed to reconsider after Merkel 's coalition talks with two smaller parties collapsed .
If they do n't enter a coalition , the only possibilities would be an unprecedented minority government led by Merkel or a new election . President Frank-Walter Steinmeier , who alone has the power to dissolve parliament , has made clear he does n't want a new election .
Germany 's political impasse comes at a time when the European Union is considering how to shape its future after Britain 's impending departure in 2019 , and with French President Emmanuel Macron championing ambitious EU reform plans .
“ I favour quick talks . And I think a stable government is the basis on which we can work best with France and for Europe , ” Merkel said after a meeting of her Christian Democratic Union 's leadership .
“ I am not exaggerating when I say that the world is waiting for us to be able to act , ” she told reporters .
Merkel argued that there is a window of opportunity to make decisions next year , ahead of European Parliament elections in 2019 .
Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz , a former European Parliament president , last week suggested moving toward a federal “ United States of Europe ” by 2025 , with countries that do n't join up leaving the EU . Merkel has made clear that that goes too far for her , but also says there is much common ground on European matters .
The Social Democrats have stressed that the talks on a new Merkel government will be open-ended , and that they will also consider some kind of support for a conservative minority government . Any coalition deal would require endorsement by the party membership , which has shown little enthusiasm for joining a new government .
“ A minority government would , in any case , of course not be a stable government , ” Merkel said .
FILE - In this June 15 , 2015 , file photo , corrections officers watch an intersection in front of Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora , N.Y . The Department of Corrections and Community Supervision says the number of incidents involving contraband at the state 's 54 prisons more than doubled over the last decade , from 2,540 incidents in 2008 to 5,231 incidents last year . The corrections officers union says `` urgent measures '' are needed to crack down on attempts to get contraband into prisons . Mark Lennihan , File AP Photo
Kid 's Island Nursery believes that nature based learning teaches children to be curious which in turn allows them to express greater creativity .
Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( PRUnderground ) March 19th , 2018
Nature Inspired Learning at Kid 's Island Nursery
Imagine a Nursery where children are encouraged to incorporate elements of nature into all aspects of their play and learning . Where dry leaves & twigs are used for painting and rocks are used for counting . Where classes are mindful of all that surrounds them and are encouraged to stop and watch a caterpillar munching on a crunchy leaf or observe a busy bird making a nest . This rich description refers to everyday moments at Kid 's Island Nursery in Jumeirah , Dubai .
Kid 's Island Nursery believes that nature based learning teaches children to be curious which in turn allows them to express greater creativity . Introducing children to a nature rich environment such a mud kitchen equipped with real pots and pans , vegetables , water and mud , facilitates the role playing that will take place and provides endless teaching moments . The environment triggers their curiosity , while creating opportunities for sharing and getting dirty leading to a total sensory experience . Learning moments like this are intended to foster a love of nature and learning within the children .
Nature centered learning also provides teachers with a platform to educate children about environmental responsibility . This may manifest itself in children growing herbs in recycled plastic pots , or creating wind chimes from recycled items from around the home . Teachers will use these learning moments to initiate conversations about where things come from , how they are made and how they should be disposed , to create a greater awareness of the importance of nature within their lives . It is with this goal in mind that Kid 's Island Nursery strives to nurture a positive attitude towards learning and the environment .
Founder of Kid 's Island Nursery , Isabelle Amatoury , offered us a glimpse into their practices : “ We believe that each child is unique and deserves the opportunity to experience the best start to their educational journey . We offer a diverse nature-based learning program that fulfills the requirements of the British Curriculum , while nurturing a love and appreciation of the environment . Our aim is to plant seeds of curiosity and awareness while inspiring creativity . ”
About Us
Kid 's Island Nursery in Jumeirah , Dubai , was founded over a quarter century ago by Isabelle Amatoury . They follow the British Curriculum and cater to children ready for nursery , preschool and kindergarten . Parents are encouraged to visit the Nursery and explore their nature-based learning facilities .
For more information , call +971 4 394 2578 or email info @ kidsislandnursery.com
Press Release By –
Be Unique Group , a SEO Company in Dubai
About Kid 's Island Nursery
Kid 's Island Nursery school in Dubai has been founded by Isabelle Amatoury over 27 years ago . Her philosophy centers on the belief that each child is unique and deserves to be given the opportunity to experience the best possible start to education .
The organization has already found and interviewed the operator of a drone that hit an Army Black Hawk
The NTSB has issued a statement saying that it will investigate the September 21 collision of a civilian drone and an Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter east of Staten Island , New York . The Army is conducting a separate investigation , but because the drone was a civilian aircraft , it falls to the NTSB to conduct its own inquiry . Drone manufacturer DJI and the FAA will be participating in the NTSB 's investigation .
The helicopter sustained damage to its main rotor blade , window frame and transmission deck . The DJI Phantom 4 drone was destroyed by the impact . According to the NTSB , they have been able to identify and interview the operator of the drone . The drone operator also provided the NTSB with the drone 's flight data logs . The investigation is ongoing and the NTSB has stated that it is reviewing flight data from both drone and helicopter and FAA airspace and temporary flight restriction documents .
Learn more at the NTSB .
Beyond the Agency 's David Verjano , left , and Philipp Klumpp at client Lincoln 's Beard Brewing Co. in Southwest Miami . MALLORY SANCHEZ For the Miami Herald
Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semifinal , with the first leg in Germany on Wednesday .
Roma knows all about Salah , who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of his two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for 42 million euros ( then $ 47 million ) in June .
He 's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season . His double saw him surge past Cristiano Ronaldo 's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season , for example .
Salah won English soccer 's Player of the Year award on Sunday . At this rate , the Ballon D'Or could be his next year .
His first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool 's half . The ball made its way to Salah , who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar , near to the post . It could n't have been placed any better .
If that was a typical Salah finish from his first half of the season , his second goal was a replica of a couple of his recent strikes in the Premier League .
Roberto Firmino timed his through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson , just like he did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals .
Salah did n't celebrate either of his goals out of respect for his former teammates but he made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool 's devastating forward line .
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool 's fifth goal , the semifinal looked over with 110 minutes remaining .
However , Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute and Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side .
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma 's players — just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago . Yet , Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season , particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield .
`` If any of my players think Roma does n't have enough to come back , they will not play , '' Klopp said .
___
More AP Champions League soccer coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/ChampionsLeague
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
By Steve Douglas , The Associated Press
Mirbeau looks to redefine the mall experience with new day resort concept
Albany , NY ( PRUnderground ) December 11th , 2017
As leaders in the development and management of the award-winning Mirbeau resort properties , Mirbeau Inn & Spa in Skaneateles , N.Y. and Plymouth , Mass. , the Mirbeau Companies reinvents how we relax , redefining the mall experience with the introduction of an innovative and convenient Day Resort concept opening today called Spa Mirbeau . This new day resort will greatly contribute to Crossgates Mall becoming the top retail-lifestyle location in Albany and further contribute to the growing vitality of the area , by offering guests the ultimate haven just minutes away from home .
In the same signature style as the Mirbeau resort properties , Spa Mirbeau will offer a sanctuary where clients can unplug , escape , rejuvenate and renew—inside and out . With world-class spa amenities , fitness and yoga programs , as well as French-inspired dining at Le Bistro and top-rated retail products at La Boutique , the 17,000-square-foot facility provides all of the renowned spa services of a full Mirbeau resort .
“ We are excited to finally introduce this concept to our customers in the Capital Region , so they can enjoy the resort experience closer to home , ” said Linda Dower , principal , Mirbeau Hospitality Services . “ We have selected the very best team to provide the utmost quality service and hospitality to our guests , and look forward to welcoming area residents and offering a place where people can truly ‘ get away ' for a day without having to spend the night . ”
“ We are thrilled to welcome Spa Mirbeau to the Capital Region , and specifically to Crossgates. ” said Michael Gately , general manager , Crossgates Mall . “ We know it will be a worthwhile destination for visitors from near and far , as this unique day spa offers guests a truly one-of-a-kind luxury experience . Mirbeau 's new presence at Crossgates aligns perfectly with our broader mission to offer the Capital Region the best in retail , restaurants and entertainment . ”
The Spa
At the forefront of Spa Mirbeau is a state-of-the-art spa including 14 treatment rooms , all equipped with their own fireplace , offering the perfect backdrop to enjoy the day resort 's expansive menu of treatments . Services include massages and facials , as well as an extensive offering of body , hand and foot therapies , provided by therapists with the highest industry level training . Honed by years of award-winning performance , Spa Mirbeau assures an experience unlike anything else in the Capital Region . You will experience the difference from the moment you enter one of the Spa 's luxurious locker rooms , designed to help you retreat from your day-to-day grind . Start or end your visit relaxing in one of the Spa 's eucalyptus-infused steam rooms or saunas .
One of the more distinctive features of the spa is The Resting Area , providing guests with a quiet , protected environment for relaxing before or after a treatment . This area offers lounge chairs , a warm fireplace and a heated meditation pool .
Guests are also encouraged to enjoy The Aqua Terrace , a lively location providing clients with the perfect place to socialize and unwind . It features an oversized hot plunge pool , comfortable private seating , a fireplace and the Aqua Terrace Bar where guests can enjoy a light bite or cocktail , all under the ever-changing light of an oversized skylight .
With balance in mind , Spa Mirbeau offers guests access to its fitness studios featuring a spinning room , yoga studio and state-of-the-art weight training room . Spa Mirbeau created Club Mirbeau to allow locals the ability to enjoy the extensive fitness and wellness programs and facilities offered at this spa , as well as other Mirbeau properties , all designed to improve your physical , spiritual and emotional well-being .
Le Bistro
Le Bistro offers global cuisine inspired by French-speaking populations around the world . Executive Chef Michael Morelli uses classic methods featuring locally-sourced organic produce , dairy and meats . His menu at Le Bistro , which is also available in the Aqua Terrace , focuses on clean cuisine with healthful interpretations of classic French dishes . Open for lunch and dinner , Le Bistro offers a full bar with a world-class wine list , accessible to both the general public and guests throughout the Spa . Morelli 's opening menu features dishes such as Grilled Oysters with Pancetta , Fennel Pollen , Tomato Panko and Chive Fondue ; Warm Mushroom Salad with Oyster Mushrooms , Crispy Egg , Artichokes and Goat Cheese ; Potato-Crusted Salmon with Sautéed Greens and Lemon Beurre Blanc and Fall Cider Beignets with Apple Chips and Cinnamon Whipped Cream .
La Boutique
La Boutique showcases hand-selected beauty products and apparel , chosen to help you feel and look your best . With expert staff trained to help guests find personalized products to fit their lifestyles , La Boutique offers a distinct shopping experience sure to top any Spa Mirbeau visit .
The Design
Mirbeau , loosely translated as “ reflected beauty , ” serves as the underlying concept for the brand , which embraces characteristics of French Impressionist art and simple elegance throughout its facilities , including soft light and warm colors . Spa Mirbeau was designed to evoke a private French countryside estate situated within a quaint town square , and provides customers the feeling of “ getting away ” even if only a few miles from home . In the same fashion as the brand 's Mirbeau Inn & Spa locations , Spa Mirbeau 's decor blends old-world elegance with high-end comforts . Hand-painted murals by artists Chuck and Pat Gridley grace the walls throughout the Spa and include a backlit overhead dome in The Resting Area adding to the restful ambiance of the space . The property is an unparalleled showcase of craftsmanship featuring furniture designer Jacques Wayser whose company produces only the finest quality furniture with structural integrity and comfort , known for its exceptional design worldwide .
The architect behind the Spa Mirbeau concept is TPG Architecture , headquartered in New York City . TPG handled the planning and overall architectural design of the project 's interior in collaboration with the brand 's principals . Founded in 1979 , TPG is a full-service architecture and interior design firm , a recognized leader in the retail , hospitality , restaurant and spa markets .
Spa Mirbeau 's spa facilities are open daily from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. , spa treatments are available daily from 10:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. , Le Bistro is open daily from 11:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. and La Boutique is open daily from 9:00 a.m. until 9:00 p.m. To make a spa or dining reservation , please call 844-MIRBEAU ( 844-647-2328 ) , email reservations @ mirbeau.com or book online .
About Spa Mirbeau
Spa Mirbeau is a day resort conveniently located at One Crossgates Mall Road in Albany , N.Y. where guests can escape any day of the week to unplug , relax , rejuvenate and renew from the inside , out . Family-owned and operated , Spa Mirbeau is the most recent installment in the nationally-renowned French-inspired Mirbeau Inn & Spa brand , which has locations in Skaneateles , N.Y. and Plymouth , Mass . The Day Resort concept offers all of the amenities of an elegant overnight resort , close to home , with an extensive menu of spa treatments , a resting area with heated foot pool , aqua terrace , eucalyptus-infused sauna and steam room , spinning room and yoga studio , retail boutique , as well as Le Bistro , a French-inspired bistro serving light fare and exceptional wine . For more information , visit SpaMirbeau.com .
1:28
Panthers Luke Kuechly on familiarity with Buffalo Bills : 'They know us , we know them '
Yakubu Dogara , Speaker of the House of Representatives on Monday solicited for the support of traditional rulers and Nigerians as President Muhammadu Buhari 's administration works toward addressing myriad of socio-economic challenges bedevilling the country .
Dogara gave the charge during an interactive session with Emir of Argungu in Kebbi state , Samaila Muhammad Mera , in his palace according to a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media & Public Affairs , Turaki Hassan .
“ We have seen the good intention of Mr. President in addressing the socio-economic challenges in the country but he can only succeed with the prayers and support of Nigerians , ” the Speaker said .
Dogara , maintained that as fathers and custodians of our cultures and traditions , traditional rulers have a major role to play in moiling their subject to pray for and support efforts of the government to tackle the mirage of problems it inherited .
The Speaker expressed confidence in the ability of the Buhari administration to extend the same vigour and spirit with which it fights against corruption and insurgency in combating the current economic challenges in the country .
The statement quoted the speaker as stating that “ considering the mismanagement of resources by the previous administration , it is obvious that Nigerians will experience some sort of difficulties similar to what we are facing currently .
“ But I 'm confident that the Federal Government is capable of extending the spirit with which it is fighting corruption and other menaces in tackling poverty , unemployment and other economic challenges bedevilling the nation . ”
He recalled that before the inception of the current administration , some states were owing between five and seven months of workers ' salaries .
In his response , the Emir Muhammad Mera commended the House of Representatives under the leadership of Speaker Dogara for supporting the Executive arm of the government through legislative interventions in the administration 's efforts in bringing succour to the citizens .
Mera expressed his gratitude to the Buhari-led administration for implementing the Anchor Borrower programme which helped in boosting rice production in his domain .
He said in the last one year , thousands of his subjects have been financially empowered through the programme leading creation of jobs and establishment of rice processing mills in the area .
DEERFIELD TWP. , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A community is rallying together after a neighborhood restaurant went up in smoke last week .
They describe their Deerfield Township community as being like family . So when the Circle Restaurant on Route 14 caught fire early Friday morning , they immediately stepped in to help employees pick up the pieces .
It 's been a rough 72 hours for employees of the Circle Restaurant , including Diane Bevins , who said it 's stressful and emotional .
“ Dale 's standing there , watching his building burn . Said , ‘ I need to take care of my employees . ' ”
For Dale Perez , putting them first was a no-brainer .
“ My employees have families , my employees are like a second family to me , ” he said .
Within hours , the community reached out to help . Neighboring Berlin Grille agreed to temporarily hire as many Circle employees as it could afford .
“ We opened more days for breakfast to facilitate their employees , ” Scott Anderson said .
For those it could n't hire , the restaurant teamed up with several local businesses to plan a two-day benefit on August 26 and 27 at the Berlin Grille . The funds will help Circle employees and their families make ends meet .
“ This is a tight-knit community . People help . Love thy neighbor idea , you know ? ” said Jody Burkey , with Burkey Auto Recycling .
The Circle Restaurant said it 's feeling the love and could n't be more grateful to the community .
“ They 're awesome people , ” Perez said . “ They really care . ”
“ Good-hearted . Great people , wonderful , ” Bevins said .
Once the Circle Restaurant reopens , all of the employees will go back to work there .
LAFAYETTE , Colo. — Police say they 're investigating an allegation that a Colorado middle school teacher assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance .
KUSA-TV reports the teacher has been placed on paid administrative leave while officers look into the alleged incident , which occurred Thursday at Angevine Middle School in Lafayette , about 22 miles ( 35 kilometres ) north of downtown Denver .
Police did not give details about the nature of the alleged assault .
Boulder Valley School District spokesman Randy Barber says district policy allows students to stand or sit for the flag pledge .
Barber identified the teacher as Karen Smith , a 20-year employee of the district who teaches physical education . No phone number could be found for her .
Golf announced the most massive layoff in the industry 's history on Monday morning .
Armchair referees around the world were given their pink slips .
It 's a glorious jettisoning of unsolicited help .
Goodbye and good riddance .
The USGA and R & A 's announcement of a new set of protocols Monday will end the practice of viewer call-ins and emails in the reporting of rules infractions .
“ What we have heard from players and committees is ‘ Let 's leave the rules and administration of the event to the players and those responsible for running the tournament , ' ” said Thomas Pagel , the USGA 's senior director of rules and amateur status .
Amen .
The protocols , formed by a working group that included the PGA Tour , LPGA , European Tour , Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America , also establish the use of rules officials to monitor the televised broadcasts of events .
Additionally , the protocols will eliminate the two-shot penalty when a player signs an incorrect scorecard because the player was unaware of a violation .
Yes , I can hear you folks saying armchair rules officials help make sure every meaningful infraction comes to light . I hear you saying they make the game better , more honest , by helping reduce the possibility somebody violates the rules to win .
But at what cost ?
The chaos and mayhem armchair referees create can ruin the spirit of fair play every bit as much as an unreported violation . The chaos and mayhem armchair rules officials create can be as much a threat to fair play as the violations themselves .
The Rules of Golf are devised to protect the integrity of the game , but perfectly good rules can be undermined by the manner and timeliness of their enforcement .
We have seen the intervention of armchair referees go beyond the ruin of fair play in how a tournament should be conducted . We have seen it threaten the credibility of the game in the eyes of fans who ca n't fathom the stupidity of a sport that can not separate common-sense enforcement from absolute devotion to the letter of the law .
In other sports , video review 's timely use helps officials get it right . In golf , video review too often makes it feel like the sport is getting it wrong , because timeliness matters in the spirit of fair play , because the retroactive nature of some punishments are as egregious as the violations themselves .
We saw that with Lexi Thompson at the ANA Inspiration this year .
Yes , she deserved a two-shot penalty for improperly marking her ball , but she did n't deserve the two-shot penalty for signing an incorrect scorecard . She had no idea she was signing an incorrect scorecard .
We nearly saw the ruin of the U.S. Open at Oakmont last year , with Dustin Johnson 's victory clouded by the timing of a video review that left us all uncertain if the tournament was playing out under an incorrect scoreboard .
“ What these protocols are put in place for , really , is to make sure there are measures to identify the facts as soon as possible , in real time , so if there is an issue to be dealt with , that it can be handled quickly and decisively , ” Pagel said .
Amen again .
We have pounded the USGA for making the game more complicated and less enjoyable than it ought to be , for creating controversy where common sense should prevail , so let 's applaud executive director Mike Davis , as well as the R & A , for putting common sense in play .
Yes , this is n't a perfect answer to handling rules violations .
There are trap doors in the protocols that we are bound to see the game stumble into , because the game is so complex , but this is more than a good faith effort to make the game better .
This is good governance .
And compared to the glacial pace of major rules change of the past , this is swift .
This is the USGA and R & A leading a charge .
We 're seeing that with the radical modernization of the Rules of Golf scheduled to take effect in 2019 . We saw it with the release of Decision 34/3-10 three weeks after Thompson 's loss at the ANA , with the decision limiting video review to “ reasonable judgment ” and “ naked eye ” standards . We 're hearing it with Davis ' recent comments about the “ horrible ” impact distance is having on the game , leading us to wonder if the USGA is in some way gearing up to take on the golf ball .
Yes , the new video review protocols are n't a panacea . Rules officials will still miss violations that should have been caught . There will be questions about level playing fields , about the fairness of stars getting more video review scrutiny than the rank and file . There will be questions about whether viewer complaints were relayed to rule officials .
Golf , they say , is n't a game of perfect , and neither is rules enforcement , though these protocols make too much sense to be pilloried . They should be applauded . They should solve a lot more problems than they create .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) — A U.S. sailor has been arrested on allegations of stealing grenades from a San Diego-based Navy ship .
Federal prosecutors say Gunner 's Mate Second Class Aaron Booker was detained Tuesday in Great Lakes , Illinois .
He is accused of possessing 20 concussion hand grenades reported missing from the USS Pinckney guided missile destroyer .
Booker could not be reached for comment . It was not clear if he had a lawyer .
Court documents say the grenades were discovered missing Feb. 8 , 2017 .
Booker was tasked with checking the temperature of the ship 's locker where the grenades were kept .
He was later sent for duties in Illinois .
In April , an off-duty law enforcement officer in Arizona found a military-issued backpack on the side of a highway with `` GM2 BOOKER '' written on it containing 18 grenades .
Pointless star Richard Osman has said he hopes the BBC quiz show continues for many years , but that he understands there is a `` shelf life '' for most television programmes .
The TV producer and quiz show aficionado said he is `` naturally pessimistic '' and fears the popular show will run its course .
Along with presenter Alexander Armstrong , Osman has helmed the tricky teatime quiz show since 2009 , and they have so far filmed more than 1,000 episodes of its original version and spin-off Pointless Celebrities .
Asked if he hopes the programme continues for many years , Osman told the Press Association : `` I hope so , my day job is a producer so I know what the shelf life of TV shows are .
`` I 've worked on so many over the years , and most of them do n't go on for as long as Pointless - we 've done a lot .
`` And so I 'm always on the lookout for when it 's going to end , because I 'm naturally pessimistic , and Xander is naturally optimistic . ''
He said he and his co-star `` always said if it comes off-air it wo n't be because of us , we 'll do it forever because we 're so grateful to it , and we love it '' .
Osman , who co-created the show and is the creative director of its production company Endemol UK , added : `` I 'm aware it 's television and at some point , you have to ring the changes and you have to think of something new and one day they will , I know that - but we 're about to film another 200 shows ! ''
Osman has also said that he hopes his new book The World Cup Of Everything - in which he prompts people to debate about things such as the best crisps , biscuits , animals and sitcoms - has people arguing about trivial topics , rather than subjects such as Brexit .
Based on his Twitter World Cup polls , one of the most popular of which was the World Cup of Biscuits for Comic Relief earlier this year , the book encourages readers to whittle down different items in a World Cup-style league table .
He joked that it could cause serious tension among families and friends as they battle it out over their favourite things , and that he is expecting lots of angry responses on Twitter .
Osman said : `` It 's going to get crazy . But this is the way I look at it - with your family , you 're going to argue with them anyway ... you 're going to argue about something .
`` You 're either going to argue about Brexit or the fact your dad does n't like your boyfriend ... or you could argue whether Monster Munch pickled onion are the best crisps .
`` I 'm essentially taking the flak away from the normal arguments you have with your family and putting them somewhere else . ''
He said : `` I know on Boxing Day my Twitter feed is going to be full of people saying 'how dare you ? ' or saying 'why is this up against that ? ' - it 'll be carnage .
`` But that means people are enjoying it and that 's really the point of it . People love this sort of outrage they 're allowed to have . ''
Osman added he is still surprised at how much attention his World Cup polls receive on Twitter , but that he is pleased to have tapped into the nation 's psyche .
He said the popularity of the polls enables him to raise money for charity Child 's i Foundation , which helps displaced children in Uganda .
DEKALB , Ill. — Nike Sibande scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds and Miami ( OH ) beat Northern Illinois 81-65 on Saturday afternoon .
Jalen Adaway added 17 points for the RedHawks ( 13-10 , 6-4 Mid-American Conference ) who have won four of their last five . Isaiah Coleman-Lands scored 16 points on 4 of 5 shooting from 3-point range and Bam Bowman had 10 points and six rebounds .
The Redhawks opened the game on a Sibande 3-pointer and led all the way , building to a 33-16 advantage with 5:08 left and were up 38-28 at the break .
Northern Illinois closed to 58-49 midway through the second half , but Coleman-Lands replied with three 3s in the span of four possessions and Dalonte Brown included a dunk to help push it to 71-51 with 6:15 left and the RedHawks cruised from there .
Justin Thomas scored 14 points off the bench for the Huskies ( 10-13 , 3-7 ) who have lost three straight .
A trio were put to jail after breaking into an equipment rentals business in Mountain Home . Police Chief Carry Manuel stated that Robert William Martinell , Bruian Ashley Calvert and Derrick Michael Vostatek were arrested due to property theft and commercial burglary .
According to Investigator Chris Steele 's affidavit equipment and other properties were stolen by these three . A security camera recorded the scene of the crime , showing that the three alleged thieves are present .
A search was conducted by Lieutenant Terry Johnson and Sergeant brad Hurst from Baxter County Sheriff 's Office . The search was held at Calvert 's home where a commercial water pump and a four-wheeler were retrieved . Both items were identified on Steele 's affidavit as part of the properties stolen during the break-in .
These were the only words of Ashley Calvert ; “ I could retrieve some of the property we stole back ” .
“ We have planned our break-in during a party ” , Volstatek , 21 stated in the affidavit . “ Together with Martinell and Calvert , we did this for a business . Take the items to Calvert 's residence so they can be stored in a shop ” , he added . Vostatek also admitted that when he returned to Calvert 's place to sell the items , he discovered that they were already moved .
Martinell , 32 years old was also interviewed by the authorities and admitted that they planned the crime beforehand . Martinell attested that what has been said is true .
“ I was standing outside the building while my two other friends broke in . It took them several trips to carry the items and tools . The stolen goods were sent to Calvert 's residence ” , Martinell admitted .
It was also discovered that there was a witness to the said burglary and he was present when the robbery took place . He said that these three men drove to the shop , took the items and hid them at Calvert 's place . However , after a couple of days , the items were moved to another place , perhaps in exchange for drugs ” , the witness stated .
A bond was set for Calvert , Vostatek and Martinell amounting to $ 10,000 as stated on the affidavit . What happened has served as a warning to all rental business , even for video equipment rentals business and similar establishments with shops that are vulnerable to burglary and robbers . Losing one 's capital would mean a business loss . Hence , all precautionary measures must be done to prevent burglary from happening . After all , anyone can be a victim but the loss will depend on how much you have prepared when this happens .
The part-bungee jump , part-zip-wire allows you to jump 192m to the floor below , and is run by AJ Hackett , who also run a more traditional bungee jump off the Auckland Bridge which gives you a great lookout point over the harbour before you plunge towards the beautiful blue below .
Auckland is also a surfer 's delight . With your board in the boot , drive 40 minutes to Muriwai Surf Beach , west of Auckland . Along this coastline there 's a whole lot of surf , but Muriwai is particularly popular because of the consistency of the waves . On the bigger days , it 's only for the more experienced , but the majority of time you can find something to suit everyone here .
The stunning Piha is a prime spot for surf enthusiasts… Photo : Getty Images
A bit further along the coast you 'll find Piha . Head to Lion Rock to grab some waves besides the natural wonder of a rock face . You can find fantastic canyoning tours in Piha with AWOL Adventures .
For mountain bike trails in the heart of the city , ride to Arch Hill Scenic Reserve . Woodhill is the most popular place for serious riders near Auckland though , 45 minutes out and boasting over 130km of purpose-built trails .
Where to Stay
Heritage Auckland is a beautiful hotel right in the centre of the city . They offer luxury in Auckland , a whole range of different rooms and some truly amazing lookout spots over the city .
If you 're on a budget , Nomads Auckland Backpackers hostel has a rooftop spa , a sundeck and enough beds to host a small army . It 's a chain but it 's great for travellers and meeting people .
She saved millions of lives and made a critical contribution to the world of medicine , but unless you 're in the medical field — you 've probably never even heard her name .
Henrietta Lacks was a young , black , mother of five when she died in 1951 after being diagnosed with an aggressive cervical cancer at Johns Hopkins . Doctor George Gey was working at Hopkins at the time , trying to culture cells in the laboratory . Lacks ' cells were among dozens sent to his lab , but they were the first to ever survive and grow . Her cells , a unique and aggressive type , were later described as one in three billion .
Scientists called these resilient cells `` HeLa '' — taking first two letters of `` Henrietta '' and `` Lacks . '' HeLa cells were used to test the polio vaccine , develop in vitro fertilization , and several chemotherapy drugs among hundreds of medical advances .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Oprah Speaks Out to Tell Story of Woman Who Changed Medicine 3:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` When other cells are very finicky and you look at them crosswise and they die , her cells grow happily in the laboratory dish decade after decade , '' explains Dr. Francis Collins , Director of the National Institutes of Health . `` Something like half of the Nobel Prizes in medicine over the course of the last 60 years have utilized HeLa cells to make their discoveries . ''
Grown and sold around the world , Lacks ' legacy lived on in her cells : they have traveled to space , they have been embedded in a nuclear bomb . But for decades , the Lacks family had no idea .
Doctors came to test the family 's blood for more research , but Deborah Lacks and her siblings did n't understand what it meant .
Related : Dr. Hadiyah Green Wants to Use Lasers to Kill Cancer Cells
`` A lot of information was not disclosed to them . It was like , they forfeited information . And the family has been asking and wanting to know , '' said Jeri Lacks Whye , granddaughter of Henrietta Lacks . `` And nobody would give them that information . And then a simple fact that they came to the family , you know , 20 years later after they took Henrietta 's cells in the 1950 's and they came to the family to do research . And they did n't explain to Henrietta 's children , you know , what they were doing . ''
Henrietta Lacks died in 1951 after being diagnosed with an aggressive cervical cancer at Johns Hopkins . Her cells , `` HeLa Cells '' are used for scientific research . Lacks Family
While some information leaked out over the years , it was n't until science writer Rebecca Skloot tracked down Deborah , that the story began to come out . Skloot says she first heard the name Henrietta Lacks in a high school biology class .
`` Just hearing the incredible amount of advances that had come from this one woman 's cells ... And I was like , 'Well , what else do we know about her ? And did she have any kids ? And what do they think about all this ? ' ''
Deborah Lacks wanted two things in life . She wanted to learn about her mother , and once she realized what an incredible story it was , she wanted Oprah Winfrey to play her in the movie .
Deborah Lacks died before Rebecca Skloot 's book , `` Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks , '' could reveal her mother 's story to the world . But on April 22nd , in an HBO film by the same name , Winfrey portrays Deborah in her search for the truth .
Cells from Henrietta Lacks , also known as `` HeLa Cells . '' Tom Deerinck / Tom Deerinck
`` I could [ cry ] when I think about Deborah and hear her voice from the tapes , how eager she was to know about her mother and to have this story told , '' Winfrey said in an interview with NBC News correspondent Kristen Dalhgren . The mega celebrity , who was once a reporter in Baltimore , was amazed she had never heard the story before .
`` I was really like , how could I have been a reporter all those years and never heard of HeLa cells and never heard the name Henrietta Lacks ? ''
Over ten years of research , Skloot found out . It took Deborah Lacks a year to trust the author . The family had been deceived before . `` You have no idea what you 're getting yourself into , '' Deborah told Skloot in one of their first conversations , and a scene reenacted by Oprah in the film .
Related : The Urgent Need for Black Bone Marrow Donors
`` Unfortunately some members of the family are still being torn apart ... by the burden of those cells , '' Winfrey said . `` It was actually one of the things that I cared about was that the telling of the story would release the burden in a way that the telling of the story would now bring a sense of not just attention but a claim and formal acknowledgment so that everybody could be more at peace with it . ''
Oprah Winfrey with the family of Henrietta Lacks . Lacks Family
Henrietta 's oldest son Lawrence has spoken out about people profiting from the movie and book . Johns Hopkins says it never profited from HeLa cells , but millions of dollars have changed hands elsewhere , as the cells were cultured and sold around the world . The Lacks family was never compensated , but are moving forward and say the impact is bigger than money .
`` You ca n't help but be proud of what it 's done , '' said Henrietta 's grandson David Lacks . `` Okay something bad happened but so much good has come from it . ''
He now sits on the board at the National Institutes of Health helping to decide just what research Henrietta 's gene sequence is used for . Jeri Lacks Whye speaks across the country about their grandmother 's legacy .
`` She was a woman . She was black with limited education , limited finances and look what she has done for the world , '' says Jeri proudly .
Related : Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
`` I think we ought to think of the Lacks family as some of the greatest philanthropists in medicine of all time because of the way the HeLa cells have contributed to breakthroughs in many directions . That 's a form of philanthropy . We are in their debt , '' said Dr. Collins .
Using part of her book and movie proceeds , Skloot has set up a foundation for the Lacks family , and others who have contributed to science without their consent . She has helped send several Lacks family members to college . It 's something the family says Deborah would have also wanted : to see the next generation carrying on Henrietta 's legacy .
`` If nothing else happens , I think as a result of what this film will bring , I think what we 're trying to say is that [ Henrietta 's ] life really mattered , '' Oprah said .
Name : Paul Nicholas
Age : 72
Famous , why ? A musician and actor who most recently played evil Gavin Sullivan on EastEnders
Biography : Starting out his career as a musician , Paul turned to acting and starred in films like See No Evil and Stardust . He had a short-lived pop career ( one of his singles got to number 1 in the chart in New Zealand ) before returning to acting in Just Good Friends – his most famous role .
Paul says : “ I had no idea what it would be like . I 'd never had any real desire to go to India . I was a bit worried about being bitten , I was a bit worried about getting maybe a bit sick and I 'd never spent any time in that kind of situation with seven other people in quite close contact . But actually like most things in life your fears are never as bad as they turn out to be . It was a nice experience . I would n't move out there without a job – you have to work . I do n't know what retire means – that 's the thing that keeps you alive and youngish . You 've got to keep moving . ”
Then ... Appearing in an episode of Just Good Friends
Now ... Discussing his EastEnders villain Gavin Sullivan on This Morning
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
MONTREAL — Jujhar Khaira hopes he is finding his groove with the Edmonton Oilers .
The 23-year-old winger scored twice in a game for the first time to help the Oilers to a 6-2 rout of the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday night .
That gave the Surrey , B.C . native five points in the four games since he returned to the lineup after being scratched for a pair of contests .
“ Playing the last few games , I built confidence and I 'm getting confidence from my teammates , ” said Khaira , who has been in and out of the lineup since the start of the season and has five goals and nine points in 16 games . “ It 's nice coming to the rink .
“ There are always words of encouragement . Just having that on your side , you go out there with a lot of confidence . ”
Khaira 's goals helped chase listless Montreal starter Carey Price 2:24 into the second period after four goals on only 13 shots . Antti Niemi allowed two more goals on 27 shots .
“ I know I can play in this league but it always takes some time to figure it out , ” said Khaira , a third-round draft pick in 2012 . “ You play little stints here and there the last couple of years , but being on the team regularly is definitely different .
“ Over time I 'm slowly learning . I 'm getting a lot of help from the players and coaches and I 'm just trying to help the team as much as I can . ”
Mike Cammalleri , Milan Lucic , Oscar Klefbom and Yohann Auvitu also scored for the Oilers ( 12-15-2 ) , who face the Maple Leafs in Toronto on Sunday night . Edmonton has won four of its last six games and five of its last eight .
Alex Galchenyuk and Phillip Danault scored for Montreal ( 13-14-4 ) , which is winless ( 0-2-1 ) in three straight home games since going on a five-game wining streak . The Canadiens had 24 shots on Laurent Brossoit .
“ A game like that ; you know how Detroit felt after we beat them 10-1 ( on Dec. 2 ) . We felt a bit like that tonight , ” said Montreal coach Claude Julien . “ You know the importance of the game .
“ I 'm not brushing it off , but I 've got to get ready for the next game ( Thursday night against new Jersey ) . We need to get better at winning battles for loose pucks . ”
Cammalleri , a former Canadien , broke in alone and saw his wrist shot trickle through 7:36 into the game . It was Cammalleri 's third goal in three games against Montreal this season , having scored twice while a member of the Los Angeles Kings before his trade to the Oilers . He will face them again Dec. 23 in Edmonton .
“ I do n't think it has anything to do with Montreal , but there 's no doubt that I enjoy playing against the Canadiens in this building and I enjoyed playing for the Canadiens , ” said Cammalleri .
Price made a deft move to stop a shot in behind his net , but then saw his soft pass picked off by Ryan Strome and sent to Khaira , who jammed it in before the goalie could get back at 11:37 .
Price was slow to get across his net as a rebound came off the end boards for Khaira to shoot into an open side 1:11 into the second frame . Lucic scored a power-play goal on an off-wing wrist shot from the right circle at 2:24 , prompting the goaltending change . Connor McDavid got a point in a fourth straight game on the play .
Asked how he felt about getting the hook , Price said “ well , I did n't wake up this morning hoping to get pulled . ”
“ It was a big game for us . Saturday night . But we fell flat . ”
Galchenyuk drifted to the front of the net in time to redirect Jeff Petry 's feed past Brossoit on a power play at 13:44 .
Brendan Gallagher took two minor penalties early in the third and Edmonton capitalized on the second one as Klefbom 's point shot went in off Montreal defenceman Karl Alzner 's skate at 2:39 .
Auvitu finished a rush with McDavid and Jesse Puljujarvi at 3:09 . Danault got one back at 15:58 .
Jonathan Drouin returned after missing four games for Montreal .
JAMB 2017 UTME New Mock Examination Date To Be Announced Soon
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has disclosed that it may likely announce the new date for the mock examination this week . According to report , this was disclosed by a top JAMB official over the weekend . It was mentioned that the mock examination will help the board test-run the the efficiency of the 600 Computer …
The post JAMB 2017 UTME New Mock Examination Date To Be Announced Soon appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Google launched its Project Fi virtual cell service in 2015 , and at first it only supported Nexus phones . Later , Google rolled out the Pixel family of devices , and they too were available through Fi . However , the selection of Fi enabled phones has n't expanded much since then . There was just a single non-Google phone on Fi , but today Google has added three more phones in a single announcement .
Starting today , you can pre-order the Moto G6 on Project Fi . In the coming weeks , you 'll also be able to get the LG G7 ThinQ and LG V35 ThinQ on Fi . It 's nice to finally see some choices on Project Fi , in particular the new Moto G phone . The hybrid nature of Fi , which operates on several different cellular networks and technologies , means most phones are n't compatible . These new devices all have the necessary radios and software support for switching between networks .
The appearance of the Moto G6 serves as the budget offering Fi has always needed . Ever since Google stopped offering the Nexus 5X , all the phones you could get on Fi were quite expensive . The Moto X4 joined Fi last year , but it was still $ 400 . It sold poorly enough that Google often has it on sale for $ 250-300 . The Moto G6 retails for $ 250 , but it 's on sale for $ 200 if you pre-order .
The Moto G6 has a 5.7-inch 18:9 LCD , a Snapdragon 450 , 3GB of RAM , and 32GB of storage . That 's not bad for $ 200 . Fi service is inexpensive — it 's as little as $ 20 if you do n't use data , and you 'll never pay more than $ 60 for up to 15GB of LTE . So , many people interested in Fi want a cheaper phone than the $ 650 Pixel 2 .
The V35 and G7 probably wo n't be as popular because of the high asking price — $ 900 and $ 750 , respectively . These phones have flagship specs , including a Snapdragon 845 , 4-6GB of RAM , and 64GB of storage . The displays are also larger and more vibrant . The G7 ThinQ has a display notch , though . Some people will turn up their nose at that , but the V35 screen is almost as big and has no notch . You ca n't pre-order the LG phones yet , but you can sign up to be notified when they are available .
Fi service is available nationwide in the US through a combination of T-Mobile , Sprint , and US Cellular . Your phone will connect to whichever network has the best signal in your current location . Fi also offers free international roaming with high-speed data .
Del . Danica Roem , D-Prince William , left , talks with supporters of Medicaid expansion as they celebrate a vote in the gallery of the Virginia Senate at the Capitol in Richmond , Va. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Steve Helber AP Photo
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed On Guam , life goes on in the crosshairs of North Korean threats 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
HAGATNA , Guam — The North Korean army 's announcement that it is examining operational plans for attacking Guam after rising tensions with President Donald Trump has brought more global attention to the tiny U.S. territory in the Pacific than it has had in decades . Here is a rundown on the island and its strategic importance .
Geographic basics
The strip of land in the western Pacific Ocean is roughly the size of Chicago , and just 4 miles wide at its narrowest point . It is about 2,200 miles southeast of North Korea , much closer than it is to any of the United States . Hawaii is about 4,000 miles to the east . Its proximity to China , Japan , the Philippines and the Korean Peninsula has long made the island an essential possession of the U.S. military .
World Data Locator Map of Guam . Encyclopaedia Britannica / UIG via Getty Images
U.S. relationship
Guam was claimed by Spain in 1565 and became a U.S. territory in 1898 during the Spanish-American War . Japan seized it for about two-and-a-half years during World War II . In 1950 , an act of Congress made it an unincorporated organized territory of the United States .
It has limited self-government , with a popularly elected governor , small legislature , and non-voting delegate in the U.S. House of Representatives . Residents do not pay U.S. income taxes or vote in the general election for U.S. president . Its natives are U.S. citizens by birth .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What to Know About Guam , Tiny Island Threatened by N. Korea 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Military history
The U.S. keeps a Naval base and Coast Guard station in the south , and an Air Force base in the north that saw heavy use during the Vietnam War . While already taking up 30 percent of the island , the American military has been seeking to increase its presence by relocating to Guam thousands of Marines who are currently based in Okinawa , Japan . Protecting the island is the U.S. Army 's Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or THAAD , which is used to shoot down ballistic missiles .
Last month , the U.S. twice flew a pair of supersonic bombers that took off from Guam over the Korean Peninsula in a show of force after two North Korean tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles . While there has been some resistance and displeasure from the people of Guam over the U.S. military 's presence , it is also essential to the island 's economy , second only to tourism in importance .
Police and government
A U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer during a 10-hour mission from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam . US Air Force / EPA
The island was first populated about 4,000 years ago by the ancestors of the Chamorros , still the island 's largest ethnic group . Now , about 160,000 people live on Guam . Its capital city is Hagatna and its largest city is Dededo .
Its chief languages are English and Chamorro . It has seen various popular movements pushing for greater self-government or even U.S. statehood , most notably a significant but failed effort in the 1980s to make it a commonwealth on par with Puerto Rico .
CORRECTION : ( Aug. 9 , 2017 , 9:05 a.m. ) An earlier version of this article misstated the location of Hawaii in relation to Guam . Hawaii is about 4,000 miles east of Guam , not west .
SIKESTON , Mo . ( WFLA ) – An adorable 3-year-old and his little sister are getting a lot of attention on social media on Friday .
Cassidy Patterson and her son Mason White are from Missouri . They both are eagerly awaiting the arrival of a new little one on March 1 .
Patterson says Mason loves talking to his little sister and often kisses her stomach and says he loves the baby .
She says leading up to when she pushed “ record ” on the video , she told Mason it was time for bed and he asked if he “ could tell his baby goodnight . ”
Patterson said her stomach rumbled and Mason asked what the baby was doing .
They waited for the next rumble and Mason instead received a surprise kick from the little one !
“ Mason is such a ham ! ” Patterson said . “ He loves being the center of attention at all of the events and will talk your head off . He is probably the only 3-year-old you will ever meet that [ asks ] to watch ‘ Family Matters ' and ‘ Full House ' instead of cartoons . ”
She says Mason will start preschool in August , just after she graduates in May with a bachelor 's degree in criminal justice .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW :
WASHINGTON — The entire political world is watching Alabama 's Senate race , but what happens Tuesday is anybody 's guess .
The highly unusual nature of the election , along with the difficulty faced by pollsters , has made the race murkier than a cypress swamp .
Recent polls show Republican Roy Moore leading Democrat Doug Jones by single digits , and most experts would bet on the Republican to prevail in the heavily red state — but they probably would n't wager much on it .
`` There is no like election like this one , '' said Zac McCrary , a Democratic pollster based in Montgomery , whose firm , Anzalone Liszt Grove Research , has been involved in some of this year 's biggest races .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Alabama Senate race , 'nobody is comfortable ' with Moore-Jones showdown 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Turnout is always tough to predict in a special election , especially one two weeks before Christmas . Even establishing a baseline of expectations for the race is slippery , since few have bothered polling a state where elections are generally predetermined for candidates with an `` R '' next to their name on the ballot .
The allegations of sexual impropriety against Moore may keep some Republicans home and could lead others to cast write-in votes , following the example of Sen. Richard Shelby , who said Sunday on CNN , `` I could n't vote for Roy Moore . '' But the extent of those GOP defections is impossible to gauge .
Also confounding pollsters in Alabama is the degree to which President Donald Trump 's election has disrupted the political environment in ways that are still not fully understood , but are clearly energizing Democrats in places they are usually dormant . And finally , add to the muddled mix Jones ' heavy advantage on ad spending and get-out-the-vote operations . How much difference that will make on Election Day is another `` X '' factor .
Taken together , the only thing analysts and pollsters know for certain about the race is that they 're uncertain about it .
David Byler , the chief elections analyst for the conservative Weekly Standard , said observers are `` flying blind in Alabama , '' while the Washington Post 's Philip Bump wrote that the cascade of complications makes the race `` all but impossible '' to forecast .
Tom Bonier , the CEO of the data analytics firm Target Smart , said `` nobody has any clue what turnout is going to look like , '' writing on Twitter that his overall assessment of the race is : ¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ . ( That 's a `` shruggie '' emoji , indicating a `` who knows ? '' lack of knowledge about a particular topic at hand . )
Uncertainty about the contest even led one online polling firm , Survey Monkey , which regularly partners with NBC News , to take the highly unusual step of publishing the results of its latest poll on Saturday without making a prediction .
Instead , Survey Monkey offered estimates of 10 different potential outcomes , based on varying turnout scenarios .
`` Data collected over the past week , with different models applied , show everything between an 8-percentage-point margin favoring Jones and a 9-percentage-point margin favoring Moore , '' Survey Monkey 's Mark Blumenthal wrote . `` ( T ) he findings make a projection of the outcome virtually impossible . ''
What few polls that do exist in Alabama generally come from lesser-known firms that do n't use the more sophisticated — and expensive — techniques favored by experts . They rely on automated robocalls , which generally are prohibited from calling cell phones , and online surveys , which vary widely in quality .
Survey Monkey , while using online surveys , has developed a reputation as more credible than many competitors because of a special models they employ .
Even under more favorable circumstances , polls of Senate races tend to be less reliable than those of presidential contests . An analysis by The Economist found an average error of 6 percentage points in Senate race polling from 1998 to 2014 .
Just last month , pollsters missed the mark by a similar margin in Virginia 's gubernatorial campaign , which was this year 's only `` normal '' major competitive general election . Polls there were all over the place heading into Election Day , finally landing on a prediction , according to the Real Clear Politics average , that Democrat Ralph Northam would win by about 3 percentage points . He ended up winning by nearly 9 .
A six-point polling error Tuesday would easily put Jones ahead of Moore , who trailed by 3.8 percent in the Real Clear Politics polling average of the most recent eight polls , as of Sunday . Averages help provide a better picture than individual polls .
Fewer than 500,000 Alabamians voted in the GOP runoff election in late September , when Moore beat Sen. Luther Strange . Turnout is expected to be higher in Tuesday 's election , but Alabama 's Secretary of State is still only predicting turnout of about 25 percent of registered voters , well under 1 million .
Low turnout magnifies even small errors in pollsters ' assumptions , along with marginal changes to the landscape , such as weather , since every individual vote carries more weight . By the same token , even a limited number of write-ins could tip the balance in a tight race .
And pollsters say there are few lessons to apply to Alabama from the handful of other elections this year , given the stark differences between those races .
For example , Georgia and South Carolina both held special congressional elections on the same day in June . But the outsize attention and money brought to bear in Georgia 's contest led more than 250,000 voters to cast a ballot , while fewer than 90,000 did so in South Carolina , despite both districts having roughly the same population .
Then there 's the fact that , given the questions around Moore , many Alabama Republicans may not yet know themselves what they 're going to do , or whether they 're going to vote at all .
And there 's even concern that some voters may be lying to pollsters about their intentions because they feel uncomfortable revealing their support for someone accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers . For that matter , there may also be `` shy '' Jones voters who do n't want their conservative friends and family to know they 're considering breaking ranks to vote for a Democrat .
Given the antipathy some Moore supporters feel for the media , which sponsors many public polls , it 's possible some are refusing to accept pollsters ' calls . At a Moore rally last week , several supporters declined interview requests because they said they did n't trust the press .
`` There are so many wildcards here , '' said McCrary . `` This race is so idiosyncratic : You have the state 's basic political DNA butting up against a climate that is better for Democrats , butting up ( against ) a Republican with extremely unique baggage . You have the disparity in the campaign finance , 10-to-1 . ''
`` All of that makes it very difficult to pinpoint exactly what is going to happen , '' he added .
There are a few players on this year 's Hall of Fame ballot with ties to the Toronto Blue Jays
It 's that time of year again , when writers and fans alike debate the career credentials of some of baseball 's greatest players . The Hall of Fame votes are already in , and the announcement will be made on January 18th .
This year , there are 34 players on the ballot , including 5 candidates with ties to the Toronto Blue Jays . The last former Jay to be enshrined was Frank Thomas in 2014 , who played north of the border for the 2007-08 seasons .
This year , there are 5 players with connections to the Blue Jays , some more significant than others . Let 's take a look :
For a look at all of the candidates and how they 've performed on public ballots thus far , Ryan Thibodaux ( @ NotMrTibbs ) , has put together a public spreadsheet .
Roger Clemens
“ The Rocket ” signed with the Blue Jays in 1997 , after 13 seasons with the Boston Red Sox . At the time , the Red Sox and then GM , Dan Duquette , let Clemens leave and commented that the 34-year-old was “ in the twilight of his career ” . The flamethrower proved Duquette very wrong , and pitched another 11 seasons .
As a Blue Jay , Clemens was as good as the Jays could have possibly asked for . He won the Cy Young award in both seasons in Toronto , finishing his first season 21-7 with a 2.05 ERA over 264 innings . He threw 9 complete games , including 3 shutouts , and lead the league with 292 strikeouts . 1998 brought more of the same as he went 20-6 with a 2.65 ERA over 234 frames . He even garnered some MVP votes , finishing 10th in 1997 , and 11th in 1998 .
20 years ago today , Roger Clemens joins the Blue Jays as a coveted free agent and would go on to win consecutive triple crowns as a pitcher . pic.twitter.com/ms6GsNKl6i — Ari Shapiro ( @ ari_shapiro ) December 13 , 2016
For his career , Clemens finished with 354 wins , over 4600 K 's , and 139.4 WAR in 24 seasons . He was n't a Blue Jay for long , but it was fun while it lasted . The 7 time Cy Young winner is on the ballot for the 5th time , and would have been a slam dunk choice long ago , if not for PED allegations . According to Thibodaux 's spreadsheet , Clemens is currently at 69.9 % , and trending toward eventual enshrinement in the Hall .
Fred McGriff
Fred “ Crime Dog ” McGriff , debuted with the Blue Jays in 1986 as a 22 year old , and stuck as a starter in the 1987 season . His smooth left-handed swing produced 125 home runs in 4+ seasons as a Blue Jay from 1986-90 , and he also won the Silver Slugger award in 1989 . He also finished 6th in MVP voting that season , with a .269/.399/.525 with 36 home runs and 92 RBI , and an OPS of .924 .
McGriff was also a part of ( in ) arguably the biggest trade in Blue Jays history in 1990 . The Blue Jays sent their star first baseman and shortstop Tony Fernandez to the San Diego Padres in exchange for second baseman Roberto Alomar , and outfielder Joe Carter . For as good as McGriff and Fernandez both went on to be , it 's hard to argue that things did n't work out for Toronto .
McGriff is in his 8th year on the ballot and appears to be a long shot , currently showing at 13.7 % .
Jeff Kent
Jeff Kent with the Blue Jays ? Yep , for a very brief time .
The 5 time All-Star began his career with the Blue Jays in 1992 , getting 192 at bats in 65 games . He showed promise , especially on offence , but few saw his career developing into a case for the Hall of Fame .
The Blue Jays certainly did n't see it coming , and also did n't have a need at second base with Alomar in house , so they traded Kent to the Mets in exchange for David Cone . The move ended up working out for both sides , as the Blue Jays benefitted from Cone 's presence in the rotation on the way to the 1992 championship , even if trading Kent stung a little .
The 2000 NL MVP currently shows at 12.4 % in his 4th year on the ballot , making it unlikely he 'll reach the 75 % needed in order to qualify .
Matt Stairs
A fan favourite while in Toronto , Canadian , Matt Stairs is unlikely to survive his first go-around on the ballot . That 's not to say his career is n't worth celebrating , as Stairs was elected to the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 2015 , but the MLB Hall is a more difficult nut to crack .
More from Jays Journal
For the Blue Jays , Stairs was a member of the club in 2007-08 as a 39 and 40-year-old part-time player . In 230 games , Stairs actually provided a lot of value , hitting 21 home runs and 64 RBI in 2007 with a semi-regular role , and another 11 home runs and 44 RBI the following season before he was sent to the Phillies prior to the trade deadline . All told , he played for a record 13 MLB teams during his career . He also holds the record for pinch-hit home runs , with 23 .
Stairs ' powerful swing and veteran presence made him an endearing figure to Jays fans in his short time in Toronto . He has not appeared on a public ballot as of yet , and appears to be a candidate to be “ one and done ” . The minimum requirement to stay on the ballot is 5 % , which is likely a reach for the 19 year veteran .
And last but not least… .
Vladimir Guerrero
Vladimir Guerro is on the ballot for the first time , and might be the strongest candidate for first time induction this year . “ The Impaler ” dominated the big leagues over 16 seasons with the Montreal Expos , Anaheim Angels , Texas Rangers and Baltimore Orioles , hitting a career .318/.379/.553 with 449 home runs .
We could be here all night discussing his credentials ( note : there are many ) , but his candidacy is a no-brainer , even if he does n't get in on the first crack .
He signed a minor league contract with Toronto in 2012 , but never actually made it to the big league club . In 4 games for the Class A Dunedin Blue Jays , he showed he could still hit , going 9-20 with 4 home runs . He was then promoted to Triple A , where he went 10-33 ( .303 ) in 8 games , before asking for his release in June , much to my personal disappointment
Of course , Vladimir Guerro Jr. is now a Blue Jays prospect as well , which could keep the future Hall of Famer around Toronto a little more in the near future .
Guerrero Sr. is currently showing at 77.1 % , making it possible he could enter the Hall this season .
The results of the voting process are set to be announced on January 18th , 2017 , and next year 's class will be inducted during the Hall of Fame weekend on July 30th .
This article originally appeared on
Galería Weekend Santiago :
Four days to discover the art of Santiago , Chile .
During the weekend of May 10 to 13 , 2018 , Galería Santiago Weekend will invite everyone to discover the city through the visual arts and it 's
protagonists . During these four days , people can build their own tour within an offer of more than 23 spaces throughout Santiago , and participate in various free activities such as openings , visits , tours , book launches , video art cycles , performance and open chats .
I was Invited by Camilo Huinca to animate this year 's promo , and joined by Spiro Bunster to create a simple , but distinct animation .
__
Illustrations : Camilo Huinca .
Animations : Felipe Vargas , Spiro Bunster .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
All sorts of strategies have been offered up as ways to stem the nation 's opioid crisis , from new drug warning labels to new laws aimed at making it hard for patients to get multiple prescriptions for the powerful — and powerfully addictive — drugs .
But opioid overdoses continue at a tragic pace ; each day , they claim the lives of about 78 Americans . The crisis is fueled in part when people suffering from chronic pain turn to opioids in an effort to curb their often debilitating discomfort .
Scientists have been working to develop painkilling medications that work as effectively as opioids without carrying the risk of addiction . Unfortunately , these efforts have met with little success . But ironically , new research on a rare genetic condition known as chronic insensitivity to pain , or CIP , could soon lead to the development of such drugs .
No Pain May Bring Big Gain
Just a few hundred people around the world suffer from CIP . One is Steven Pete , a 36-year-old drug dependency counselor in Kelso , Washington . Like others with the disorder , Pete is impervious to pain of all kinds . Cut a finger ? Touch a hot stove ? Pete does n't feel a thing .
Pete was diagnosed with CIP when he was just a few months old . “ I was teething , and I ended up chewing a good portion of the tip of my tongue off , ” he recalls . “ My parents rushed me to a pediatrician , and he held a lighter to the bottom of my foot . I did n't show any response , and he was like , ‘ Yeah , I 'm pretty certain this is what he 's got . ' ”
As a child , Pete broke bones more times than he can remember , often when he tried dangerous stunts to impress his peers . His left knee is now so badly damaged that he faces the prospect of having his left leg amputated .
“ CIP is such a rare condition , partly because very few individuals who have it reach adulthood , ” says Dr. Ingo Kurth , who studies the condition at the Institute of Human Genetics in Aachen , Germany . “ Many end up killing themselves because they do n't understand what constitutes a harmful situation . ”
For the better part of three decades , Pete had little idea of the precise defect in his DNA that caused him to have CIP . But in 2012 , he was contacted by a small biotech company in Canada . Xenon Pharmaceuticals was using Facebook to track down people with CIP in order to sequence their DNA through saliva samples . Pete obliged , and he — like many others with CIP — was found to have a mutation in a particular gene known as SCNP9A .
The finding suggests that it may be possible to develop painkillers that work not by mimicking the body 's natural pain-killing endorphins — as opioids do — but by blocking the transmission of pain signals within the body .
The Race Is On
Pain is a complex neurological process mediated by long nerve fibers that extend from the spinal cord throughout our bodies to the tips of our fingers and toes . The ends of these fibers are studded with protein molecules that sense acidity , pressure , and temperature . If activated , they generate a tiny electrical current that triggers the sensation of pain . ( Opioid drugs interrupt this process by attaching directly to receptors in the brain , stimulating the reward and pleasure systems and causing the brain to ignore pain signals . )
But as a result of the SCNP9A mutation , Pete and many others with CIP lack one of these all-important proteins , Nav1.7 . That finding suggests that it might be possible to develop molecules that can “ switch off '' the pain signals in chronic pain sufferers , who , of course , have the protein . Such molecules might be able to curb pain quickly and effectively — and , since they do n't act directly in the brain , without the risk of addiction .
“ The Nav1.7 discovery has enabled us to design novel drugs for a range of pain syndromes from inflammatory pain to lower back pain , osteoarthritis , and neuropathic pain such as pain from diabetic neuropathy , ” says Dr. Robin Sherrington , a Xenon neuroscientist who was involved in the SCNP9A discovery .
She said the research has been facilitated in part by recent advances in gene sequencing . “ In the past , we have n't been able to use DNA sequencing in this way as it 's been too expensive , ” she says . “ But with sequencing becoming cheaper , we have the opportunity to identify the cause of these rare disorders in a way that we have n't had before . ''
Pain is a complex neurological process mediated by long nerve fibers that extend from the spinal cord throughout our bodies to the tips of our fingers and toes Getty Images/Ikon Images
Xenon , working in partnership with big pharmaceutical and biotech firms Teva and Genentech , now has three Nav1.7-inhibiting drugs in clinical trials , with the hope that they will be commercially available within the next few years . One is being developed as a treatment for pain associated with shingles , the often extremely painful infection of the nerves caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox . The two others are being developed for pain associated with cancer and diabetic neuropathy .
Xenon , Teva , and Genentech are n't alone in the quest to develop a new breed of safer painkilling drugs . Merck , Amgen , Lilly , Vertex , and Biogen are also among the companies involved in the race to develop Nav1.7-inhibiting medications .
The hope for Nav1.7 inhibitors is that they will be able to control pain more effectively than non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) like aspirin and ibuprofen while avoiding the risk of addiction that make opioids so perilous for long-time use .
“ This has the potential to give us a whole new family of analgesics which did not exist a couple of years ago , ” says Dr. Geoff Woods , a pain researcher at the Institute for Medical Research in Cambridge , United Kingdom . “ These new medications are potentially capable of switching off pain before it is even perceived by the central nervous system . ”
What Next for Painkillers — and Pete ?
The Nav1.7 discovery may not be the only potential breakthrough to come from studying the DNA of people with CIP . Ongoing research by scientists at Xenon and elsewhere is pinpointing new gene mutations that may point the way to additional ways to switch off pain .
Woods is studying PDRM12 , another gene involved in switching neurons on and off . Targeting this gene may lead to a new treatment for individuals with fibromyalgia . “ We 're hoping to find a way to activate PRDM12 so that it switches the pain neurons from an overactive state back to a normal state , ” he says . “ We think this could provide a painkiller with very few side effects . ”
Pete long ago came to terms with his own condition . But finally being able to understand its molecular underpinnings — and foreseeing the day when it could bring drugs capable of helping millions of people around the world — has been extremely gratifying .
“ It 's pretty awesome , ” he says . “ When you spend your entire life in a hospital room , especially as a child , you see a lot of people in pain , up , close and personal . And especially children in pain . So knowing that just going through a small amount of testing could make such a major life-altering impact on so many people 's lives is a pretty amazing feeling . ''
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Can We Use Sound Waves to Fight Cancer ? 00:01:15
EDMONTON — A 40-year-old man has been seriously hurt after being hit by a pickup truck in Edmonton .
Police say the man had life-threatening head injuries after the truck hit him while he was crossing a street in the area of 82 Street and 130 Avenue just after 8 p.m. Thursday .
It 's not known if he was in a crosswalk when he was hit .
Police say the driver of the truck did not stop .
The truck is a 2011 white Ford F-250 Superduty crew with a long box and licence plate BDC 1081 .
It is also described as being covered with thick white/grey dust , having a construction rack/rebar in the box with “ Backrack ” on it , tinted windows and damage to the front end .
Anyone with information is asked to call police .
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer . He joined The Telegraph in 2006 .
A military helicopter crashed on a golf course in Maryland Monday , killing one crew member and injuring two others , authorities said .
A UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter from U.S. Army Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County , Virginia , was conducting a training flight when it crashed at Breton Bay Golf Course in Leonardtown , Maryland , at around 1:37 p.m. , the U.S. Army Military District of Washington said in a statement Monday afternoon .
One of the injured crew members was in serious condition and the other in critical condition , the statement said .
`` We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community , '' Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker , commanding general for Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington , said in the statement . `` Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy , and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time . ''
The cause of the crash was under investigation .
Earlier Monday , a U.S. military official told NBC News the helicopter had `` suffered a hard landing '' near Leonardtown , and that at least one was medically evacuated to a local hospital .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Blackhawk Helicopter Suffers 'Hard Landing ' in Maryland , 3 Crew Aboard 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The St. Mary 's County Sheriff 's Office said in a post on Facebook that deputies and EMS personnel were at the scene of the crash , and urged people to avoid the area .
The incident came about two weeks after a fighter jet crashed in a wooded area near Joint Base Andrews in Maryland . That pilot , who was on a routine training mission at the time , was able to eject himself from the D.C. Air National Guard F-16C fighter jet . No one was injured on the ground , according to NBC Washington .
Share
Home improvement projects can quickly become overwhelming . Streem ‘ s augmented reality-enhanced video communications platform now connects customers directly to Porch ‘ s network of home service professionals nationwide . The goal is greater convenience and efficiency for both homeowners and service providers .
In the last 12 months , Porch 's more than 250,000 professional members completed more than 2 million home improvement projects . The website features project cost calculators for a comprehensive list of home improvements and repairs . When you seek an estimate for a project directly on the Porch , the platform guides you through a series of relevant questionnaires before sending your project profile to area professionals who then contact you by text , phone , or email .
“ Streem and Porch both aim to help homeowners connect with top home professionals and get projects done quickly , ” said Porch CEO Matt Ehrlichman . “ This partnership brings homeowners a whole new level of convenience and confidence , and provides our pros with unprecedented information to quote and prepare for the job . ”
Streem ‘ s mobile communications platform uses a combination of augmented reality and machine learning to help home service pros diagnose problems or needs , prepare quotes , and provide customer support . Android smartphones require Google 's ARCore to run the app ; iPhones use Apple 's ARKit .
After you download Streem to your iOS or Android smartphone , the app connects you with a Porch assistant . It uses the phone 's camera , microphone , and speaker to view the project remotely and guides you with AR tools such as a laser pointer and 3D arrows .
According to Streem , the app lets the Porch assistant capture project details quickly and accurately . It can capture images of brands , models , serial numbers , and measurements to share with Porch network service providers .
Using the information captured by the Porch assistant , the home service professional and the homeowner save the time and hassle of setting up appointments for contractors to visit the home to gather information to provide an estimate to complete the home improvement job .
“ Our goal is for the Porch assistant and pro to have as much insight as if they were in the room with the homeowner , but without all the scheduling and transit hassles , ” said Streem CEO and co-founder Ryan Fink . “ Porch will use these insights to match customers with the right pro and ensure they have the correct crew , replacement parts , and materials to do the work as efficiently as possible . ”
Yes , it 's a coffee house , but the food will wake you up , too , when Charlotte 's newest food space opens Thursday .
Owner Todd Huber plans for Undercurrent Coffee , 2012 Commonwealth Ave. , to be both a coffee house , small restaurant and `` coffee education lab , '' with involvement from the likes of Diana Mnatsakanyan-Sapp as director of operations . Huber , Mnatsakanyan-Sapp and culinary consultant Courtney Blake were all on hand Tuesday for a preview . ( Chef Dwayne Howard will actually be the person running the kitchen once they 're fully open . )
Local coffee expert Diana Mnatsakanyan-Sapp puts the new espresso maker through its paces at Undercurrent 's preview . Kathleen Purvis
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Here 's an example of the coffee education : On Tuesday , Mnatsakanyan-Sapp was serving `` 1 + 1 , '' a small pure of espresso ( this one Peruvian ) and serving it side by side with a latte , so you could taste it with and without milk to experience how milk changes the coffee .
Since the menu is focused on vegetarian and vegan ( there 's one meat dish , the Bacon Bomblette , an breakfast sandwich for $ 4 ) , there 's also an emphasis on non-dairy milks , such as turmeric and coconut cream Golden Milk , which turns up in drinks and on the menu as a yogurt bowl topped with buckwheat , pecans and strawberries ( $ 6 ) .
Diana Mnatsakanyan-Sapp , director of operations for Undercurrent , explains the experience of the `` 1 + 1 , '' a small espresso and latte , so you can see how milk changes the taste of the coffee . Kathleen Purvis
The coffee comes from Onyx Coffee Lab in Arkansas , which works directly with coffee farmers in South and Central America . Since a warming climate is driving coffee farming to higher elevations , one of the Onyx projects involves helping farmers switch to growing cocoa beans at lower elevations . You 'll find two kinds of chocolate bars at Undercurrent that are a part of that project .
How about a lovely cortado to start your Thursday ? Kathleen Purvis
On the menu , expect a short list of breakfast offerings , from $ 4 to $ 6.50 , three toasts ( avocado , peanut butter and banana and chevre with strawberry ) for $ 7 , and two salad bowls , The Farmer 's Tan ( Anson Mills Sea Island red peas and Carolina Gold rice grits , navy bean and lemon hummus , kale , avocado and pickled onions ) , for $ 14 , and Benne 's Bowl ( warm roasted broccolini , carrots , crimini mushrooms , wheat berries , mizuna , miso-benne vinagrette , peanuts and cilantro ) for $ 13.50 .
Blake says the menu is designed to be low in meat and high in locally sourced ingredients while still being filling .
`` People can come a few times before they even realize its vegetarian . ''
For the education part , expect public coffee cuppings , brewing workshops and barista-certification courses .
Undercurrent opens officially at 7 a.m. Thursday . Hours after that : 7 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Thursday , 7 a.m.-7 p.m. Fridays , 8 a.m.-7 p.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m.-4 p.m. Sundays . You 'll find it across from the original Common Market .
For the socially-savvy , Instagram 's new collections feature is bound to be a useful addition for de-cluttering your saved posts . Now , you can categorize each as you like with custom labels , making post-hoarding a much more organized endeavor .
Instagram only recently added the ability to save posts ( and later , live video as well ) , but without a means of sorting or categorizing them you had a slowly growing pool of social effluent . That dam has finally burst today as Instagram has started rolling out the new feature , giving us a means of individually adding each item into a collection . Now , categories of interest can be separated , so you need not fear accidentally showing friends your appreciation for women 's handbag design while you 're looking for that sweet bike you saw .
To avail yourself of this new feature , one need only tap and hold the bookmark-esque save button or tap the plus icon on the saved posts screen . We have n't seen the feature go live on our Android devices quite yet , although the relevant version ( 10.16 ) is out . It could be a short period before that switch gets flipped , or the rollout may be gradual .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — The doors to the Virginia 's locker room opened , the last protection for a group of players sitting in a state of shocked quiet after the most improbable of losses . Some fought back tears . Some hung their heads or stared blankly down at their cellphones . Others could only shake their head . And now it was time to confront the questions along with the disbelief : how could this have happened ? How could Virginia — the team that rolled through the Atlantic Coast Conference and claimed the No . 1 overall seed in the NCAA Tournament — become the first top seed to lose to a No . 16 seed with Friday 's 74-54 loss to UMBC ? “ If you play this game and you step into the arena , this stuff can happen , ” Virginia coach Tony Bennett said .
Yet it was a jarring turn of events specifically because it had n't happened . Ever . 135-0 . That 's where No . 1 seeds stood in NCAA Tournament history against 16-seeds . Sure , there had been a few close calls — most notably Georgetown surviving against Princeton in 1989 for a 50-49 win when a freshman named Alonzo Mourning blocked Kit Mueller 's final-play shot . But there had been nothing like this before .
The questions following the Cavaliers ( 31-3 ) to Charlotte were more about whether this would be the year for Bennett 's program to shake a modest history of postseason stumbles and make the leap to the Final Four , which had eluded him in two previous NCAA Tournaments as a top seed . Virginia had its calling-card defense allowing just 53.4 points per game , while the offense offered more perimeter scoring options in Kyle Guy , Devon Hall and Ty Jerome even as the Cavaliers still played the methodical offensive pace that reduced the number of possessions and often turned games into grind-it-out , ugly crawls . Even after losing ACC sixth man of the year De'Andre Hunter to a broken left wrist suffered during the league tournament , Virginia ( 31-3 ) arrived at the NCAA Tournament with a school-record win total and five straight weeks at No . 1 in the AP Top 25 — the program 's first time atop the AP rankings since the days when 7-foot-4 great Ralph Sampson roamed the paint .
That Virginia team lost the top spot after a December 1982 loss to NAIA team Chaminade in what many have considered the biggest upset in college sports . And now the first Cavaliers team to make it back there has perhaps an even more shocking loss , this one to end a season . “ It 's not the end of the world , ” senior forward Isaiah Wilkins said of Bennett 's postgame message to the team . “ It feels like the end of the world . But it 's not . ”
As stunning as the loss itself was the way it unfolded . The America East Conference champion Retrievers — who had lost by 44 points at Albany on Jan. 21 — turned a 21-all tie into a second-half romp . They scored 53 points and shot 68 percent while spreading out Virginia 's suddenly flummoxed defense . Meanwhile , Virginia could n't make a key shot to stem UMBC 's surge , making just 3 of 13 3-pointers after halftime and 4 of 22 for the game . The lead grew and grew , sending murmurs at first through the Charlotte crowd that soon began to churn into a growing buzz and a tangible feeling that a historic moment was quickly becoming inevitable . Virginia never figured out a way to stop it , either .
“ I do n't know , I ca n't think about it , ” Hall said when asked when he felt it was getting away . “ I do n't know , man . They were hitting mostly every shot they took . We were scrambling behind the plays . Do n't know , ca n't tell you. ” By the final minutes , the Retrievers were up big and in celebration mode with constant gestures seeking more noise from their already-rowdy section of fans . It was the kind of position everyone expected the Cavaliers , not the Retrievers , to be in as the game wound to a close just like every other 1-seed before them .
These games are supposed to be routine , almost a formality . Instead , the Cavaliers ended up trying to find answers to locker-room questions when no easy ones were to be had . “ Somewhere in the game , we just got lost and we lost our heads and lost what our vision was and what we 've been doing all year , ” graduate guard Nigel Johnson said . Asked whether he worried one bad night would overshadow the season , Wilkins cut off the question .
“ I do n't care about that , ” Wilkins said as he fought back tears . “ I do n't care about that. ” It certainly creates a complicated legacy . This was a team that went 20-1 against ACC opponents , won the program 's third ACC Tournament title and spent the past two weeks of the season as a unanimous AP No . 1 . It was all part of wildly unexpected climb from being picked to finish sixth in the ACC . In the end , the Cavaliers stunned everybody one last time .
New York , NY Today Verizon Communications Inc. ( NYSE , Nasdaq VZ ) closed its acquisition of Moment , a New York based design and strategy firm founded in 2002 . Beginning immediately , employees will join the company 's growing in house design team and be responsible for creating end to end customer experiences including in store , online , mobile and live customer service by phone or chat .
`` We 're thrilled to welcome this team of talented designers into the Verizon family as we push into more integrated experiences across every consumer touch-point , '' said Verizon Chief Customer Experience Officer Scott Zimmer . `` We know our customers expect an experience that 's as legendary as our network , and Moment 's wealth of experience will position us to deliver for our customers on their terms , wherever and whenever they need us . ''
The Moment team will focus on increasingly personalized digital experiences such as the Verizon app , and play a key role in the development of new services and experiences across Verizon 's businesses .
For over 15 years , Moment - whose mission was to work with its clients to redefine what lies ahead - built a design practice balancing business with the technology and human elements necessary to bring digital products into the world .
`` We 're excited to join Verizon to create breakthrough experiences with real-world impact , '' said Brendan Reynolds , former CEO of Moment and now Head of Customer Experience Design for Verizon Wireless . `` This is our passion , and we ca n't imagine a better place to do amazing work . ''
Previously , Moment 's client roster included ESPN , Bloomberg , Tiffany & Co. , American Express , Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , Sports Illustrated , J.P. Morgan Chase , and Johnson & Johnson .
The much-hyped reboot of 80s super soap Dynasty has finally arrived on Netflix , but how does it compare to the iconic original and which elements have been retained ?
Advertisement
The basic premise is intact – we follow the fortunes of a wealthy but dysfunctional American family as they grapple for power in the bedroom and the boardroom , with backstabbing , business deals and catfights aplenty .
There are tweaks from the original concept that put a contemporary spin on the characters – remember this is a reimagining , not a continuation like the 2012 revival of it 's counterpart Dallas so we 're starting from scratch .
So what feels familiar and what 's changed as we catch up with the Carringtons in 2017 , and do all the differences work ?
BLAKE CARRINGTON
Then… Entrepreneurial patriarch of a powerful clan with a brood of unruly grown-up kids , an absent ex-wife and a new , considerably younger , fiancée that started as an eyebrow-raising office romance .
Now… Blake is pretty much the same , with grizzled Melrose Place star Grant Show doing a solid turn as the head of the family , though he 's more reminiscent of Donald Trump than John Forsythe 's wholesome Ronald Reagan-alike 1981 version . One of the least-tinkered with characters .
FALLON CARRINGTON
Then… Blake 's eldest daughter was a tough , feisty and often tragic heroine with a big heart and a fierce loyalty to her family . Her love life was a mess and she was famously abducted by aliens .
Now… Daddy 's little princess is now a poisonous , power-hungry bitch . In the absence of mum Alexis ( so far , more of her later ) Blake 's daughter is the baddie of 2017 , clashing with new stepmum Cristal over her father 's affections and desperate to seize control of family firm Carrington Atlantic . A very different approach .
CRISTAL CARRINGTON
Then… Sweet , blonde and nice as apple pie , Krystle Jennings was the softly-spoken secretary who married the billionaire boss and had to convince his suspicious family she was n't a gold-digger .
Now… Hispanic Cristal Flores is evidence the reboot is addressing the diversity issue from the predominantly white original . Catching Blake 's eye as associate PR at his company before becoming the next Mrs C , she has a harder edge than Linda Evans 's goodie-two-shoes portrayal – her and Fallon share the first catfight of the series in episode one . An ex-boyfriend and a troublesome relative soon reveal she has a shady past .
STEVEN CARRINGTON
Then… Gay Steven struggled with his sexuality and for acceptance from his homophobic father . In a bid to fit in he tried playing it straight by way of an ill-advised romance with Krystle 's minxy niece Sammy Jo .
Now… Steven is out of the closet and Blake could n't be happier – even using his son 's sexuality in the hope he 'd seduce a gay client into sealing a business deal . He 's still a sensitive soul who wants no part in the toxic family politics .
SAMMY JO
Then… Gold-digging minx Samantha Josephine was Krystle 's nubile niece , immortalized by 80s pin-up Heather Locklear . A girl from the wrong side of the tracks , she followed her classy aunt to the Carrington mansion and schemed her way in for a slice of the family fortune .
Now… The big difference here is the gender swap with the character now a gay man called Samuel Josiah Jones , but it 's a neat update to have Steven 's love life still complicated by the presence of his stepmother 's raunchy relative . Like his female 80s counterpart , Sammy Jo is minxy bag of trouble and one to watch .
JEFF COLBY
Then… The heir to the throne of the Carringtons ' rival clan the Colbys , good guy Jeff grew up with Fallon and the pair had a Romeo and Juliet style romance that eventually grew into its own spin-off , The Colbys .
Now… In another effort to increase diversity among the cast , the Colbys are now African American and still fulfil the role of contemporaries/enemies of the Carringtons . Jeff and Fallon went to high school together and there 's a definite spark – it seems likely they 'll get together .
JOSEPH ANDERS
Then… Loyal manservant to Blake who ran the Carrington mansion from below stairs . Initially wary of his master 's new missus , Joseph and Krystle eventually became firm friends .
Now… There 's a touch of Mrs Danvers from Rebecca in Alan Dale 's edgy performance as the butler , whose dislike of Cristal is immediately more sinister . We ca n't see them hitting it off .
MATTHEW BLAISDEL
Then… Krystle 's blue collar ex , married to the wobbly Claudia , and a former employee of Blake 's business Denver-Carrington . He was later thought to have died in an accident in the Peruvian jungle but in true vintage Dynasty style came back from the dead a few years later .
Now… Overall little has changed with Mr Blaisdel – still vying with Blake for Cristal 's heart – but a tragic twist to the opening episode means we might not get the chance to see how he develops…
CLAUDIA BLAISDEL
Then… Fragile Claudia suffered a mental breakdown and was abandoned by hubby Matthew who had fallen for his boss 's squeeze . Claudia 's demons eventually consumed her and she died in a fire she 'd started at a hotel .
Now… We 've not seen much of her yet , but Claudia is still struggling with mental health and playing second fiddle to Cristal in Matthew 's heart . But the shock ending of episode one sets up a vendetta for Claudia against the Carringtons akin to the character 's tragic story arc in the original . Fans of classic Dynasty will be hoping she does n't get her hands on any candles…
ALEXIS CARRINGTON
Then… Blake 's first wife and the mother of his children , Joan Collins made evil Alexis TV 's most famous bitch as she played out with malevolent glee her quest to destroy her ex . Deceptive , duplicitous , sexy , powerful with a wild wardrobe of shoulder pads and opulent accessories encapsulating the excesses of 80s fashion , she was the female equivalent of JR Ewing .
Now… She 's not actually in it yet , but Alexis did n't appear in the original until the first season finale when she returned to the family she 'd abandoned years before , and even then it was under a wide-brimmed hat as the role had n't been cast . Who could possibly fill Dame Joan 's shoes if Alexis turns up at some point ? Our dream recasts would be Kristin Scott Thomas or Catherine Zeta-Jones…
Advertisement
The first episode of Dynasty is available now on Netflix with new episodes being added every Thursday .
Kylian Mbappe does not believe it is down to him to `` save the day '' for France and ensure Les Bleus qualify for the World Cup .
Although France is one point clear at the top of Group A ahead of Saturday 's game against Bulgaria , only maximum points from the trip to Sofia and a home game against Belarus will guarantee a place at Russia 2018 .
Mbappe scored his first international goal in a 4-0 thumping of the Netherlands in Paris in August , only for Didier Deschamps ' men to fail to break the deadlock against a stubborn Luxembourg three days later .
That goalless draw leaves France vulnerable to being caught by second-placed Sweden , while the Netherlands and Bulgaria both retain slim hopes of automatic qualification , but Paris Saint-Germain forward Mbappe is unconcerned by the pressure .
`` No , I wo n't save the day , '' the 18-year-old told a press conference on Thursday . `` We have 11 players on the pitch .
`` People expect more from me and that 's normal . When you have good players , it 's reasonable to want them to make a difference .
`` But I think we have a quality squad with a lot of good players . It 's not just one player who will make the difference , but everyone will .
`` I really ca n't wait to play this crucial game . We love it when there is so much pressure . We want to be on the pitch to play the game and defend the colours of France . ''
Mbappe has made a flying start to life at PSG , where he teams up with the world 's most expensive player Neymar , but he opted not to compare the Brazilian with his international team-mate Antoine Griezmann .
`` They are two different players , '' Neymar said , dodging a question about which forward he would rather play with . `` Neymar is more creative and Griezmann is more clinical in front of goal . So they are two different players and I can learn from both of them every day .
`` I think I can improve in every aspect . Tactically , I sometimes miss things . I can also do better technically , score more when I have chances and defend more . There are a lot of things I need to improve . But I still have time and I will get better .
`` Olivier [ Giroud ] is very nice . He made me comfortable from the beginning . He 's still doing that , by the way . I think Olivier has been here a long time . He 's already shown how much he can bring to France . He has a particular profile . He is very accurate in front of goal and our relationship is very good , as it is between two team-mates who like each other . ''
The state-backed fund Innovation Network Corp of Japan is looking at the auction of Toshiba Corp 's < 6502.T > chip unit but did not participate in first-round bidding , INCJ Chairman Toshiyuki Shiga said on Tuesday .
Continue Reading Below
Sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters INCJ may invest in the business as a minority partner – a move that would help the government prevent a sale to bidders it deems risky to national security .
( Reporting by Taiga Uranaka ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
PHILADELPHIA — B.J . Johnson scored 25 points and Amar Stukes added 20 and La Salle outlasted St. Joseph 's for an 81-78 win on Saturday .
La Salle ( 10-13 , 4-6 Atlantic 10 ) outscored the Hawks 13-7 in the last three minutes and Stukes put the Explorers up for good . Johnson and Pookie Powell made six free throws combined , and Taylor Funk and Shevar Newkirk each missed 3s for a chance to tie .
Right before halftime , following Pierfrancesco Oliva 's 3 , Johnson reeled off eight straight with a layup and two 3s in succession , Stukes added a layup and Powell made a pair of free throws and La Salle reduced its deficit to 41-38 .
La Salle continued to chip away , tied it at 58 with Saul Phiri 's two free throws and went up six with a pair of Jamir Moultrie 3s . Newkirk responded with back-to-back 3s to even it .
Moultrie scored 18 and Powell scored 15 with 11 assists .
For the Hawks ( 9-13 , 4-6 ) , Newkirk scored a career-high 30 points , James Demery scored 21 with 11 rebounds and Oliva scored 10 .
Holtby made one of his biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play , diving to his right , stopping Alex Tuch 's point-blank shot with his stick to keep the score 3-2 .
`` That was huge . I was backchecking . I 'm three feet too late , '' said Caps forward Jay Beagle . `` You see that kind of develop in your mind , you 're thinking there 's no way that bounces to them across crease and then comes back across . Holts just makes the save of the year . Maybe the save of a lifetime . It 's unreal .
`` He 's our rock back there . ''
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker , but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage .
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena , which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice , also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture .
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday 's 10-goal outburst , and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first .
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa 's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov , who tried to knock the puck down with his glove , before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for his fifth .
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games , with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes .
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov , who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points , took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding his left arm .
The Russian centre , who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room , did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury .
The same way Wilson 's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights , the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring his sixth with 2:33 left on the clock .
With the teams playing 4-on-4 , Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny , who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting .
Eller signed a five-year , US $ 17.5-million contract extension in February , and now has the same amount of goals ( six ) in these playoffs as he did in the first 50 post-season games of his career .
Notes : The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues , although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises . ... The Capitals ' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings .
___
Follow @ JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
This is a year Genevieve Fisher is unlikely to forget .
First , the 25-year-old country singer-songwriter saw her song , Take It On Home , break through the Top 40 country music charts after four successive songs reached the Top 50 .
A month later Fisher won the country music category at the Jack Richardson London Music Awards .
Then , the Country Music Association of Ontario announced Fisher and London native Jessica Mitchell were both nominated for the association 's female artist of the year award , later won by Meghan Patrick .
And , now , Fisher 's newest single , You Me We , is her second consecutive single to break into the Top 40 , up against Canadian and American country stars .
“ It 's just been amazing , ” said Fisher , who also found time along the way to get married to Brian Shaw .
“ This year 's been crazy .
How far You Me We will climb is anyone 's guess . So far , Fisher said it 's been a “ roller coaster ride ” with the tune .
“ Every song is different and you never know what 's going to happen , ” Fisher said . “ This was a tough song . I was getting worried because it was n't getting picked up ( by radio stations ) but then all of a sudden they started playing it . ”
Other songs by Fisher that made the Top 50 , but not beyond , include July ( 2012 ) , Shut Down This Day ( 2013 ) , Bad Enough ( 2013 ) and Night In Night Out ( 2014 ) .
The graduate of Western University 's Don Wright Faculty of Music was identified by the TopCountry.ca website , as one of the emerging country artists to watch in 2017 and she has not disappointed .
To date , there is no plan to put out an album . Fisher is an independent artist not signed to a ­label .
“ I want to make sure I 'm putting out songs that I really want to sing , ” said Fisher , who 's not opposed to signing with a label .
“ So I feel like there are more pluses to be an indie artist right now because you have the freedom to do what you want and when you want to do it . ”
Fisher said her calendar for next summer 's festival season is “ packed ” and she has n't yet heard if she 'll be performing at this year 's Country Music Association of Ontario 's awards gala being held in London June 3 at Centennial Hall .
“ I 'm not sure , but I would love to , ” said Fisher . “ It 'll be an interesting year and we 'll have to wait and see what happens . ”
jbelanger @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
( Joshua Gunter/The Plain Dealer via AP , File ) . FILE - In this March 15 , 2018 , file photo , Cleveland Browns ' Damarious Randall speaks at an NFL football news conference in Berea , Ohio . Randall underestimated two things : the power of social media and the ...
By TOM WITHERS
AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND ( AP ) - Browns safety Damarious Randall underestimated two things : the power of social media and passion of Cleveland fans .
Randall said Wednesday he never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story - and maybe something he lives to regret .
A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry , Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the `` 2018 NBA finals , I 'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey . ''
By Wednesday afternoon , Randall 's tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times .
`` Honestly , I did n't think it was going to get over 100 , '' Randall said after practice . `` I did n't think people were going to actually view that as a serious tweet from me . But obviously it got the whole world excited about it , and I mean now I 'm actually excited about it . It is a great , great opportunity to interact with the fans and we 're just going to watch the series and just see how everything folds out . ''
Randall , who came to the Browns in a March trade from Green Bay , said he could n't track the number of re-tweets because his phone locked up when he tried to access his Twitter account .
`` I definitely did n't think it would go as viral as it did , '' the 25-year-old said . `` I definitely did n't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it . Obviously , it was a joke , but just to know how passionate this fan base is , I mean , it 's just really encouraging . ''
Randall would say he planned to pay off his promise if the Cavs win .
`` We 'll talk about this after the series is over , '' he said .
Randall is from Florida , but said he became a fan of Curry 's after the shooting star made a name for himself at Davidson College and went pro . Randall said he also likes Cleveland 's superstar LeBron James , but not as much as Curry .
`` I am not anti-LeBron . I am actually a big LeBron fan as well , but when he 's going against Steph , I would rather Steph over LeBron , '' he said . `` But at the end of the day , I mean they are both great , great players , and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state . He is one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me . ''
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media .
`` Do n't hit send , '' he said . `` Should have been smarter about the whole situation , about the tweet . Whether you feel that way or not , do n't tweet it . ''
Coach Hue Jackson , who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise he made when the team was going 0-16 last season , knew Randall would get some heat for his tweet .
`` I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here , and you 've got to be careful about what you say , '' Jackson said . `` I do n't think he meant any harm . I think he has a love and a respect for Curry , obviously . But he found out that , 'Hey , look , in this city it 's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James . ''
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland 's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns .
`` Just the other day , I was able to show them LeBron 's message to the media in Game 7 when he talked about team , '' he said .
`` I thought it was tremendous . I thought what he said about his other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win . I thought that was sensational . I said that to our football team . ''
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Many of the deaths they found on the U.S. territory were caused by the interruption of health care , electricity and utility services after the hurricane decimated the island .
Hurricane Maria made landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane on Sept. 20 , knocking power out to the entire island and leaving long-lasting damage in its wake .
`` The question is , why did it happen ? Why did people die ? Well , they died mostly because they did n't have access to medical care , they did n't have access to their medication , there was no pharmacy open , they did n't have running potable , clean water , '' said Domingo Marqués , an author of the study and associate professor of psychology at Albizu University San Juan .
Marqués , who himself was without power for 100 days and without water for two months , said he and his students first started talking to families and providing psychological support seven days after the storm .
It was then that he immediately realized that `` there was no way '' the government 's official number could be accurate , he said .
`` We had cases where people left the bodies of their loved ones in a car , '' he said . `` They had no access because of landslides or flooding or destroyed roads . People who buried their loved ones in their backyard . ''
Marqués said he hopes that the Puerto Rican government uses the data , not only for its implications on the death toll , but also as a measure of the suffering and needs of the people who survived .
The researchers , with the Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health and other institutions , surveyed nearly 3,300 households across Puerto Rico and asked people about causes of death , displacement and loss of infrastructure . The study estimated a mortality rate of 14.3 deaths per 1,000 persons during the three months after the hurricane hit .
That toll was then extrapolated to the island as a whole and compared with the mortality rate for the same time period in 2016 , according to the study .
Destroyed communities in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Toa Alta , Puerto Rico , on Sept. 28 . Gerald Herbert / AP
“ Our estimates also indicate that mortality rates stayed high throughout the rest of the year , ” the researchers wrote .
While the official death toll remains at 64 , several news organizations had already placed the number of island deaths from Hurricane Maria at more than 1,000 . And after months of pressure , the Puerto Rican government ordered an independent in-depth review of the death toll , calling in George Washington University to lead it .
The results are expected this summer , Mina Radman , a spokeswoman for the university 's Milken Institute School of Public Health , said in an email .
In a statement on Wednesday , the Milken school said the study was `` a welcome addition to the scientific literature on the impact of the hurricane in Puerto Rico . ''
`` The Harvard study used methods that are commonly used following disasters where there are few or no official records of death , '' the statement said .
The school added that because the Harvard study used estimates from household surveys and not from actual death records , the two reviews would be `` fundamentally different . ''
The Milken investigation will use `` actual data about deaths — death certificates and other mortality data from September 2017 to the end of February 2018 — in order to estimate the excess deaths related to Hurricane Maria , '' according to the statement .
`` Estimating deaths using such mortality data is a time-consuming and difficult task , one that has rarely been done after a disaster of this magnitude , '' the statement added .
In a statement on the new study , Carlos R. Mercader , executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration , said :
`` The government of Puerto Rico welcomes the newly released Harvard University survey and we look forward to analyzing it . As the world knows , the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities . We have always expected the number to be higher than what was previously reported . That is why we commissioned The George Washington University to carry out a thorough study on the number of fatalities caused by Hurricane Maria , which will be released soon . Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost . ”
Just a month ago , an islandwide blackout hit the island — seven months after the storm .
The mayor of San Juan , Carmen Yulín Cruz , an outspoken critic of the local and federal response to the hurricane , said in a series of tweets that the estimated death toll was `` unthinkable '' and asked if the government of Gov . Ricardo Rosselló will now believe that the numbers are higher .
`` There are many deaths caused by poor crisis management , '' she tweeted . In another post , she added , `` It took too long to understand the need for an appropriate response was NOT about politics but about saving lives . ''
Speaking about the death toll estimated by the study , Rosselló said during a news conference on disaster management Tuesday that `` from the beginning , we said that the number [ of dead ] was going to increase . ''
He said he welcomed `` all studies '' and noted the decision to bring in George Washington University to conduct an independent review .
`` Certainly , one of the main objectives that we 've had and that we 've established is to significantly improve our public health care response to a natural disaster , with the objective not only to have better , clearer data in the death toll , '' he said . `` The main part of it is to have a better overall response so that we can save more lives , so that we can attend to people 's needs . ''
`` We want the real number to come out , '' he added . `` We had a protocol that really was subpar and we recognize it , and now towards the future we want to make sure that it 's effective . ''
More Videos 1:43 Tom Petty dies ; his lyrics spoke for underdogs Pause 3:06 Police release bodycam footage of Las Vegas shooting 26:44 One Day with President : 24 hrs with Bolivia 's Evo Morales 1:26 Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico 2:58 Trump praises first responders and survivors ' bravery in Vegas mass shooting 0:44 Aventura police charge woman with animal cruelty 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it 's funny to hear a 'female talk about routes ' 2:14 Catastrophic claims specialist help South Florida after Irma 1:19 UM School of Nursing and Health Studies Simulation Hospital 1:34 Miami mayor makes case for infrastructure improvements to protect from King Tide flooding Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico Seaman Dylan Garcia-Gonzalez talks about delivering medical supplies in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands . Seaman Dylan Garcia-Gonzalez talks about delivering medical supplies in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands . USCGSoutheast‏
Seaman Dylan Garcia-Gonzalez talks about delivering medical supplies in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands . USCGSoutheast‏
The Bowie Bass high school club competed at Lake Texoma on Saturday .
It was a tough , but fairly good day for the club as four of the five teams were able to catch some fish .
The team of Jeremy Stone and Kyler Ratliff had the best day for Bowie as they caught four fish for a weight of 10.24 pounds . This was good enough for 16th place .
To read the whole story , get a copy of the weekend edition of the Bowie news .
On the final day of her snowy trip to Norway , Duchess Kate revealed that four-year-old Prince George has already tried to ski .
According to Rebecca English , the royal reporter for the Daily Mail , the Duchess confirmed that Prince George `` tried skiing last year 'but he was just two and a half so was just starting . '' ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Duchess of Cambridge has confirmed that Prince George tried skiing last year ‘ but he was just two and a half so was just starting . ' # RoyalVisitNorway — Rebecca English ( @ RE_DailyMail ) February 2 , 2018
However , English thinks the Duchess might have misspoken , given that George turned four last year . Perhaps Duchess Kate was thinking about their family vacation to the French Alps in March of 2016 .
`` The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to share new photos of their family enjoying a short ski break , '' Kensington Palace tweeted at the time . `` This was their first holiday as a family of four and the first time either of the children have played in the snow . ''
Either way , a two-year-old out on the slopes ( even if they 're the bunny hills ) is pretty impressive . But George 's aptitude in the powder should n't come as too much of a surprise ; he comes from a long line of ski-enthusiasts .
See a few photos of royals skiing through the years below :
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Prince William , Princess Diana , and Prince Harry on a skiing holiday in Lech , Austria , in 1993 Getty Images
Prince Harry and Prince William skiing with their cousins Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie in 1995 . Getty Images
Prince William on the slopes in 2004 . Getty Images
Princess Anne with her daughter Zara in 1989 . Getty Images
WASHINGTON — The House Intelligence Committee 's release of a memo declassified Friday by President Donald Trump alleging a government cover-up creates a dangerous precedent of partisans politicizing the government 's secrets , according to veterans of the intelligence world .
`` There is no precedent for this : to take a memorandum about the FISA application process , write a memo , vote it out on party lines — and then clearly there was some coordination with the White House , '' said Michael Allen , a former staff director for the committee under then-Chairman Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican .
`` If this leads to widespread condemnation ( of the committee ) and the whole exercise becomes discredited , people will not want to go there again , '' Allen said . `` But if this comes off well for the committee , this will increase the risks that people will use the intelligence committee as a political platform . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Will the Nunes memo affect American politics ? 6:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , a member of the Senate 's Intelligence Committee , condemned her House colleagues for pushing forward on partisan lines .
`` Oversight of the intelligence community , the FISA process and this investigation are far too important to be tarnished by partisanship , '' she said Friday . `` When the Senate Intelligence Committee released a controversial report some years ago , we spent months meeting with the intelligence community to redact sensitive information . We also simultaneously voted on a bipartisan basis to release a rebuttal from the CIA and minority views , which were Republican views at that time . ''
The memo , drafted by aides to the House Intelligence Committee 's chairman , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and released Friday , alleges that officials at the Justice Department and the FBI acted improperly in obtaining a special Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court 's authorization of warrants to monitor Carter Page , a foreign policy adviser to Trump 's 2016 campaign .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fmr . Intel official : All FBI sources have bias , our job to find out why 7:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The preamble asserts that the memo 's findings `` raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality '' of DOJ and FBI officials with the court and `` represent a troubling breakdown '' of processes put in place to prevent abuses of Americans ' civil liberties . In particular , the memo takes issue with U.S. officials using an anti-Trump dossier compiled by onetime British spy Christopher Steele as part of the justification for obtaining the warrants without disclosing to the court that Steele had been paid by Democrats .
The creation and release of a classified memo by the committee — typically the domain of the executive branch of government — represents the first use of an obscure clause in the House rules that was established in 1977 .
Democrats are furious about what they see as an attempt by congressional Republicans and the Trump administration to undermine the credibility of an ongoing investigation into whether Trump 's campaign coordinated with Russia .
`` The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies , '' said Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . `` If potential intelligence sources know that their identities might be compromised when political winds arise , those sources of vital information will simply dry up , at great cost to our national security . ''
While Trump 's most loyal allies on Capitol Hill pushed for the release of the memo , some Republicans expressed concern about the potential fallout .
`` No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain , '' Rep. Charlie Dent , R-Pa. , wrote on Twitter Friday . `` This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fmr . CIA Dep . Director : Russia has us arguing over the truth 5:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The criticism was n't limited to Congress . On MSNBC Friday , former acting CIA director John McLaughlin said the White House should not have declassified the memo in the face of concerns expressed by top law-enforcement officials .
`` Just to step back a bit here , it 's worth saying in a single sentence what 's happening , '' McLaughlin said . `` We have the president of the United States now having issued to the American public a memo that the director of the FBI says is false . That has never happened in our democracy . ''
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , an ex-officio member of the Intelligence Committee , supported Nunes ' decision but said Thursday that the allegations should not be taken as `` an indictment '' of the FBI , the Justice Department or special counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia investigation .
Orin Kerr , a former Justice Department lawyer and U.S. attorney , wrote in a Lawfare blog post this week that the origins of Steele 's payment would likely have little relevance to a court .
`` The apparent idea is that the failure to adequately document the funding behind Steele 's work is a huge deal and a fraud on the court , '' he wrote . `` But as a matter of law , that seems pretty unlikely to me . When federal judges have faced similar claims in litigation , they have mostly rejected them out of hand . ''
Stephen Stigall , who worked on cases requiring FISA court authorization as a lawyer in the U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey , suggested the precedent set by House Republicans could lead to politics being prioritized over national security interests in the handling of U.S. secrets .
`` If this starts to be a way to force declassification and analyze only parts and not the whole , then you 're running the risk every time of revealing any source or method and then allowing other aspects that have nothing to do with the law to take over , '' said Stigall , who now works as a white-collar defense lawyer at the firm Ballard Spahr .
That would `` start to erode our ability to keep material classified , '' he said , `` and that puts people in harm 's way . ''
FILE - In the May 2 , 2017 file photo , a TV screen shows images of U.S. President Donald Trump , left , and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul , South Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . Ahn Young-joon , File AP Photo
Israeli riot policemen secure the area following a shooting incident in what an Israeli police spokesperson described as a terrorist attack , in Sheikh Jarrah in East Jerusalem Oct. 9 , 2016 . ( Reuters/Ronen Zvulun )
`` European governments should stop undermining the sovereignty of the State of Israel—the sooner the better , '' says a Zionist student group .
A new report released by Im Tirtzu exposes the industry of foreign government-funded lawfare that works to provide protection for Palestinian terrorists in Israeli courts .
The report focuses on the NGO `` HaMoked : Center for the Defense of the Individual , '' which has submitted dozens of petitions to the Supreme Court on behalf of Palestinian terrorists and their families .
The report surveys the activities of HaMoked over the past two and a half years , during which the NGO has submitted nearly 60 petitions to the Supreme Court on behalf of 48 families of terrorists responsible for the murder of 50 Israelis .
Im Tirtzu said the report aims to raise public awareness about the phenomenon of foreign government-backed NGOs operating in Israel 's Supreme Court in order to alter Israeli policy , specifically with regard to state-sanctioned demolitions of terrorists ' homes , which is carried out as a means to deter terrorism . The flood of petitions submitted to the Supreme Court hampers the ability of the IDF and Defense Ministry to operate .
This sentiment was echoed in 2016 by Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman . `` There is currently a war of legal attrition being waged by international bodies funded by other international elements , including European countries '' he said .
Millions to Defend Terrorists
According to the report , in 2012-2016 , HaMoked received over NIS 15,500,000 ( $ 4,080,000 ) from the European Union ( EU ) , United Nations ( U.N. ) and 11 European governments : Belgium , Sweden , Switzerland , Denmark , Holland , Finland , France , Germany , Norway , Spain and the United Kingdom .
In addition , in 2008-2012 , HaMoked received nearly NIS 3,000,000 ( $ 790,000 ) ) from the New Israel Fund ; and in 2014 , NIS 3,300,000 ( $ 870,000 ) from a Palestinian foundation based in Ramallah .
advertisement
During the most recent wave of terror , HaMoked petitioned the Supreme Court against the demolition of the home of the murderer of the Henkin couple , the murderer of Malachi Rosenfeld , the murderers of Danny Gonen , the murderer of Yeshayahu Krishevsky , the murderers of Aharon Banita-Bennett and Nehemia Lavi , the murderer of Baruch Mizrahi , the murderer of American tourist Taylor Force , the murderer of Shlomit Krigman , the murderers of Hadar Cohen , the murderer of Halley Arieland the murderer of Rabbi Mimi Mark .
HaMoked also filed petitions against the demolition of the homes of the terrorists who kidnapped and murdered teenagers Eyal Yifrach , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel in Gush Etzion in 2014 , and the terrorists who murdered Rabbi Moshe Twersky , Rabbi Calman Levine , Rabbi Aryeh Kupinsky , Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Goldberg , Chaim Rotman and Zidan Saif in an attack on a synagogue in Har Nof , Jerusalem , in the fall of 2014 .
'Murdered for the Second Time '
Devorah Gonen , the mother of Danny Gonen , who was murdered by a terrorist while hiking near the village of Dolev in 2015 , said : `` We feel as if our loved ones were murdered a second time . This is a dangerous snowball ; today they are defending terrorists in court , and I fear that the next step will be even more extreme . It is sad that we need to beg in order to end this absurdity in which an Israeli organization defends , and at times justifies , those who murdered our loved ones . ''
Im Tirtzu CEO Matan Peleg said that the findings of the report highlight the need for the Israeli judicial system to adopt a new approach in dealing with political NGOs that serve the agendas of foreign governments .
`` The judiciary needs to toughen its stance against foreign government-funded organizations that utilize their extensive bank accounts to harm the State of Israel , '' said Peleg . `` Increasing transparency and applying heavy court fees on these organizations , which for all intents and purposes act as foreign agents in the Supreme Court , are only some of the measures that need to be taken in order to protect Israel 's legal system . ''
`` European governments should stop undermining the sovereignty of the State of Israel—the sooner the better . Providing assistance to terrorists and their families not only encourages terror , but poses a real threat to democracy , '' Peleg concluded .
This article originally appeared at unitedwithisrael.org .
Leaders are readers ! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1 . Get Ministry Today , Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $ 24 . YES - Sign me up !
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit . 1 ) Get to know the Holy Spirit . 2 ) Learn to enter God 's presence 3 ) Hear God 's voice clearly ! Click Here to draw closer to God !
Did you enjoy this blog ? Click here to receive it by email .
-
See an error in this article ? This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
UPDATE ( 10/6/17 5:28 p.m. ) :
Officials said that a 5-year-old girl and her mother are dead . A 7-old-boy has been transported to a nearby hospital and is in grave condition .
According to Cabell County Sheriff Chuck Zerkle , the shooter is dead .
ORIGINAL ( 10/6/17 2:11 p.m. ) :
Sheriff Chuck Zerkle with Cabell County Sheriff 's Department told our sister station , 13 News , that crews are responding to a domestic shooting in Culloden , WV .
The incident occurred in the Benedict Road area around 1:20 p.m .
Officials said that multiple people have died and that children were involved .
According to officials , at least one person has been transported to a nearby hospital in critical condition .
The Cabell County Sheriff 's Department and West Virginia State Police are responding .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
There are a few contenders for signing of the season in this , the most unpredictable Super League season in history : but Jake Mamo must surely be among the favourites .
The former Newcastle full-back had to wait patiently for his debut at Huddersfield , not appearing for Rick Stone 's side until the middle of April . Since then however , he 's had a huge impact on the Giants in the league .
Things started slowly but , as Huddersfield prepare for a game against St Helens which could see them strengthen their position in the top eight following a great run of form , the stats behind Mamo 's first eight games in a Giants shirt are impressive – and a real reason in their upturn in form .
Form before and after Mamo 's debut
Huddersfield started the season strongly , winning two of their first three games , only suffering a defeat to Salford in between victories against Widnes and Wakefield . However , after that they failed to win a game until Mamo was back to full fitness and playing for Stone 's side .
Since then , they have n't lost a game by more than seven points and they 've won four from the last six . Clearly the return of other key players such as Leroy Cudjoe has aided Huddersfield 's fortunes , but Mamo playing has given the Giants a huge lift and helped to turn their form around .
Mamo 's impact in attack
The four tries Mamo scored in last Saturday 's victory against Catalans grabbed the headlines – but he 's been consistently on the try-scoring sheet prior to that . In fact , his 12 tries in seven games have been fairly evenly spread – and he 's only failed to score in one game : the 18-10 win over Catalans at Magic , which Huddersfield won .
The numbers also back up how much of an impact Mamo has made on their influence with ball in hand , too :
Average points per game scored before Mamo 's debut : 17.25
Average points per game scored after Mamo 's debut : 30.25
Mamo 's impact in defence
Those numbers in attack are matched by superb figures in defence too . Huddersfield were shipping over 31 points per game on average in the eight Super League games before Mamo debuted – including conceding 48 and 52 on two different occasions .
However , the eight league games since and including Mamo 's debut have been far more impressive . They 're now averaging under 19 points per game . Impressive form to say the least . And with those figures , it 's no surprise the Giants are forcing their way up the Super League table .
Average points per game conceded before Mamo 's debut : 31.25
Average points per game conceded after Mamo 's debut : 18.375
Modern technology can make us more sedentary and unhealthy , but developer Six to Start has released a few games that aim to do the opposite . Games like Zombies , Run ! can make exercise kind of fun , but its latest release is a bit more casual . The new game , developed in cooperation with the UK 's NHS and the Department of Health , is called The Walk . To play , just start walking .
The Walk plugs into Google Fit to track your steps . In the game , a bomb has detonated in Inverness station , and someone hands you a mysterious package that could save the world . To keep the story going and keep ahead of your pursuers , you need to keep moving . The more you walk in the game , the more of the story is revealed . The main story takes place over 500 miles of walking , but you can also choose to take detours to pick up secret items .
Each episode is structured like a series of checkpoints , each one unlocking a bit more of the audio story . There are 65 episodes and more than 800 minutes of audio to unlock . You can save the story to listen to later , or have it play as you walk . The first four episodes are free , but you 'll have to pay $ 4.99 via an in-app purchase to unlock the whole thing .
The latest Oscar de la Renta fall/winter 2017-18 runway show is one of the most discussed from New York Fashion Week , probably even more than Raf Simons ' debut with Calvin Klein . Showcased a few hours ago , Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia 's Oscar de la Renta fall 2017 rtw collection did n't get off to a good start , with the curtain failing to open and preventing some audience from watching the show properly . Then , as soon as the shows were over ( they showed both their Monse and Oscar de la Renta collections together ) , a few unrests were relieved .
As it often happens when it comes to Oscar de la Renta 's runway shows , the collection 's finale is the most anticipated , as it often features one-of-a-kind dresses that take the breath away for sure . This time around , unexpectedly , Kim and Garcia did n't include an ultra pompous array of evening dresses for their grand finale , leaving many disappointed .
They did , however , treat us to an abounding number of elegant staples that , thanks to their vibrantly rich colors , never failed to look timelessly modern . Between one formal dress and another , Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia also managed to serve up cool day-to-day cozy options , such as oversized coats and long , shiny blazers , the figures of which were always incredibly sharp even when embellished with the most fluid prints .
What was really surprising , in fact , was the duo 's color palette of choice . For their Oscar de la Renta fall/winter 2017-18 collection , the designers opted for multicolored layers of colors and prints that do n't necessarily recall the winter cold-toned hues , such as , for example , Schiaparelli pinks and pastel yellows . Red is present , too , although filtered through a more summer-approved garish lens rather than the usual autumnal burgundy .
Among those many pinks , yellows and blacks , however , it is with the shimmery , metallic colors that the duo gave their best , revamping the catwalk with a jocose dynamicity we yet had to see with Oscar de la Renta ( the duo was specifically asked to revisit the fashion house 's signature style with something more youthful ) .
Colors aside , most of the silhouettes and cuts looked rather summer-approved , with sweetheart necklines , one-shoulders and dramatic flared lines dominating the scene . The overall impression that we got was that Kim and Garcia wanted to overwhelm us with unconventional staples to channel at the biggest formal events around , yet without looking too formal wearing them .
The Oscar de la Renta fall/winter 2017-18 line-up did present , however , even more conventionally formal proposals , such as suit jackets and long , black trousers , which are also the perfect separates to keep in our wardrobes just in case something fancy to attend comes up .
Photos courtesy of Vogue
Citizens will have more time to comment on the draft environmental assessment for Crocker Wind Farm proposed in Clark County , according to an …
A 13-year-old boy was injured after a tree fell onto his tent at Camp Michaels in Union , KY .
Dean Beard Council Scout Executive Tom Dugger said the tree fell on the tent of two scouts about 3 a.m. Wednesday morning .
He said the tree landed on one of the scouts , the second scout removed the tree and covered his tent mate with his sleeping bag to prevent him from going in shock . He then ran to get help .
This incident happened in the north end of the camp in the 3400 block of Hathaway Road just west of Union in Boone County .
The injured scout is in stable condition at Children 's Hospital .
Dugger said the 13-year-old asked his doctor if he would be able to attend summer camp and the doctor said he could .
They were at camp for a leadership training for older scouts . The uninjured scout is remaining at camp to complete his training .
Copyright 2017 WXIX . All rights reserved .
[ April 24 , 2018 ] New Henry Set to Help Millions Suffering this Allergy-season
CHARD , England , April 24 , 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- A new addition to the nation 's most reliable vacuum brand , the U.K manufacturer Numatic International has announced plans to launch Henry Allergy later this year . With peak allergy-season just around the corner , allergy-sufferers across the U.K are bracing themselves for the arrival of sneezes , sniffles and scratches . For others , allergies are part of life all year round , even in the comfort of their own home . ( Photo : https : //mma.prnewswire.com/media/681467/Numatic_International_Henry_Allergy.jpg )
Many suffer scratchy eyes , itchy skin , sneezes and runny noses without realising they are caused by common household allergens . Up to one in three have a dust-related allergy , triggered by tiny allergens , like pollen , pet dander and dust mites , found hiding all around the home . Virtually invisible , these uninvited guests easily escape een the most powerful of household vacuums , triggering asthma , hay fever and pet allergies . Engineered with an innovative , market-leading filtration system , and built into the familiar Henry design , the new Henry Allergy is to be introduced later in the year with the aim of creating a cleaner and allergy-free home . Equipped with an advanced three-tier filtration system , Henry Allergy is scientifically proven to reduce allergens around the home , trapping 99.97 % of particles up to 800 times smaller in width than a human hair . Unlike most bagless vacuums , the triple-layer filtration bags and innovative self-seal tab eliminates dust and other mess . Proudly designed , developed and manufactured in Great Britain , Henry is independently rated as the U.K 's the most reliable vacuum brand . The Henry brand continues to thrive , creating employment for a growing team of a thousand , and exporting worldwide . With more than 10 million made , and most still in use , Henry continues to be the nation 's favourite vacuum cleaner .
5 Quick Tips to allergy-proof your home Dust , vacuum and mop those tricky spots , like behind the sofa , beneath the radiator and above the wardrobe . Just because we ca n't reach them , does n't mean they 're out of reach of allergens . They may be part of the family , but try to keep pets out of the bedroom and off the furniture . Not only do they carry their own allergens , they also bring in pollen from outdoors . Do n't let wardrobes turn into floordrobes . Piles of clothes are the perfect place for dust to gather . Dust mites love beds too . Keep them at bay by vacuuming the mattress and changing your sheets frequently . A shower a day washes allergens away . Shower and change clothing at the end of the day to avoid carrying allergens around . myhenry.co.uk
[ Back To TMCnet.com 's Homepage ]
SYDNEY , Australia — Cardinal George Pell , the most senior Catholic official to face sex offence charges , was jeered by protesters as he made a court appearance in his native Australia on Friday in a case that has rocked the Vatican and placed scrutiny on the pope 's stance against abusive clergy .
Australia 's highest-ranking Catholic and Pope Francis ' top financial adviser , Pell entered the Melbourne Magistrates Court flanked by police and media as a small group of placard-waving protesters yelled from the sidewalk . He did not react to the hecklers .
The 20-minute hearing focused on planning for the committal hearing starting March 5 that will determine whether he goes to trial . As many as 50 witnesses could be called for that proceeding , expected to last a month .
Pell , who remained silent throughout , has been charged with multiple offences involving multiple complainants . The exact detail and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public , though police have described them as “ historical ” sexual assault offences , meaning they are alleged to have occurred years ago .
Pell through his lawyer has vowed to fight the charges . The 76-year-old cardinal has taken leave from his position as Vatican treasurer to return to Australia and defend himself . He has not been required to enter a plea in court , though his attorney said at his first court appearance in July that Pell intended to plead not guilty .
Pell 's attorney , Robert Richter , told Friday 's hearing at least one of the allegations could not have happened .
“ We propose to demonstrate to Your Honor that what was alleged was impossible , ” Richter told magistrate Belinda Wallington .
Today 's brief hearing centred on which witnesses would be cross-examined at the committal hearing , and touched on a factor likely to feature prominently in the case — the memories of witnesses speaking about incidents alleged to have occurred up to several decades ago .
Richter pointed out one witness had given police a “ vague ” statement . Wallington noted the man was age 11 at the time .
“ We 're dealing with historical events . Memory 's not static , ” Wallington said .
The magistrate refused Pell 's lawyers permission to cross-examine five witnesses they had hoped to question , but granted permission for them to cross-examine dozens of others at the committal hearing , saying it was appropriate to allow those witnesses ' memories to be “ further explored . ”
Outside the court , protester Helen Dawson told Melbourne 's Herald-Sun newspaper that although brief , today 's court appearance by Pell was very significant .
“ This trial is a very important display that the days of special privileges for high-ranking religious officials are finished and gone , ” she said .
After years of alleged coverups and silence from the church over its pedophilia scandal , abuse survivors and their advocates have hailed the prosecution of Pell as a monumental shift in the way society is responding to the crisis .
The case places both the cardinal and Pope Francis in potentially perilous territory . For Pell , the charges are a threat to his freedom , his reputation and his career . For Francis , they are a threat to his credibility , given he famously promised a “ zero tolerance ” policy for sex abuse in the church . Advocates for abuse victims have long railed against Francis ' decision to appoint Pell to his high-ranking position in the first place ; at the time of his promotion in 2014 , Pell was already facing allegations that he had mishandled cases of clergy abuse during his time as archbishop of Melbourne and , later , Sydney .
So far , Francis has withheld judgment of Pell , saying he wants to wait for Australian justice to run its course . And he did not force the cardinal to resign . Pell said he intends to continue his work as a prefect of the church 's economy ministry once the case is resolved .
In recent years , Pell 's actions as archbishop came under particular scrutiny by a government-authorized investigation into how the Catholic Church and other institutions have responded to child sex abuse . Australia 's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse — the nation 's highest form of inquiry — revealed earlier this year that 7 per cent of Catholic priests were accused of sexually abusing children in Australia over the past several decades .
In testimony to the commission last year , Pell conceded that he had made mistakes by often believing priests over accusers . And he vowed to help end a rash of suicides that has plagued abuse victims in his hometown of Ballarat , near Melbourne in Victoria state .
But over the past year , the allegations against Pell moved beyond the way he had handled cases of clergy abuse to accusations that he , himself , had committed abuse . Australian detectives flew to the Vatican to interview him last year and he was formally charged in June .
Nadir Ciftci scored his first goal for Motherwell as the Steelmen fought back from a goal down to earn a 1-1 home draw against Partick Thistle at Fir Park on Saturday , writes Craig Goldthorp .
In doing so , Motherwell continued an impressive unbeaten home record against the Maryhill men which stretches back to January 1996 .
Thistle were first to threaten early on in Saturday 's clash when Martin Woods shot over the bar from the edge of the box after a Cedric Kipre clearance had fallen to him .
'Well then came close to breaking the deadlock after two minutes , Craig Tanner 's brilliant cross to the back post being controlled by Ciftci before his close range prod was turned round the post by Thistle keeper Tomas Cerny .
But it was mostly Thistle creating the early chances with Mustapha Dumbuya shooting over after Miles Storey 's right wing cross had been struck clear by Kipre .
And Ryan Edwards then sent an effort off target from close range after brilliant spadework by the impressive Storey on the left .
Tanner then shot wildly wide for the Steelmen before a Chris Cadden cross from the right caused panic in the Thistle area and Curtis Main had a close range shot saved . Referee Nick Walsh then called proccedings back for a foul in any case .
Motherwell 's best effort of the first half came on 39 minutes when Main took a Tanner pass and sent a lob over Cerny but the backpedalling ex-Hamilton keeper stretched to save .
Late action in a largely uninspiring first half saw Abdul Osman booked for a crunching foul on Campbell .
And the young 'Well midfield ace soon returned the compliment with a strong challenge on Osman before half-time .
Motherwell debutant Stephen Hendrie - on loan from Southend United - was replaced at half-time by Richard Tait as gaffer Stephen Robinson looked to boost his side 's hopes of securing a vital three points .
And the hosts thought they had hit the front when a 51st minute Cadden corner appeared to be met by Tom Aldred in a mass of bodies and the ball was adjudged to have been blocked on the goal line .
Motherwell were then hit by a second major blow within the space of 60 seconds when Thistle took the lead in a goal that was a disaster for the home defence .
Prolific Thistle striker Kris Doolan was totally unmarked when he headed in his 99th goal for the club after Martin Woods ' free-kick from the left .
Motherwell kept battling manfully and thought they had netted a 75th minute equaliser when Main 's headed 'goal ' was disallowed for offside against Ciftci who had nodded the ball across goal from a long Frear free-kick from the right .
But the Dossers did level the scores with 10 minutes remaining when a knock down by the outstanding Charles Dunne was blasted into the net by Ciftci , who ironically had appeared exhausted and on the verge of being substituted .
The final action of the match saw 'Well defender Cedric Kipre make a rare mistake which was pounced upon by Blair Spittal whose shot from a tight angle hit the inside of Trevor Carson 's post .
Motherwell : Carson , Hendrie ( Tait 45 ) , Cadden ( Petravicius 88 ) , McHugh , Main , Dunne , Aldred , Kipre , Campbell , Ciftci , Tanner ( Frear 55 ) .
Referee : Nick Walsh
Crowd : 4607
A multi-million pound project funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund has been launched to restore areas of Wigan borough and other parts of the North West transformed by heavy industries like coal-mining , peat extraction and iron and steel production .
Led by the Lancashire Wildlife Trust , The Carbon Landscape aims to restore more than 130 hectares to nature , train more than 1,000 volunteers and offer free education to 40 schools , and is spearheading the latest Government thinking on the environment .
While work has already been happening to create green areas , the project aims to connect these areas - and to get local people involved in the restoration work .
It will include the Carbon Trail - a route linking wild space between urban areas ; Carbon Volunteers - getting people involved in improving the landscape , and the Mossland Gateway - which will improve pedestrian and cyclist assess to Chat Moss in Salford .
Other plans include activities for all ages , an educational programme for schools , interpretation of the landscape and wildlife monitoring .
There will be physical improvements to sites including Wigan Flashes , Hey Brook in Wigan , Risley Moss , Rixton Clay Pits , Woolston Eyes and Paddington Meadows in Warrington .
“ The Carbon Landscape encompasses both nationally and internationally important wetlands , so we have a responsibility to save them , ” said LWT chief executive Anne Selby . “ The sheer scale of this project is bigger , better and more joined up conservation , creating a resilient , inspirational landscape . ”
“ This project is changing the way in which we approach landscapes and communities in Wigan , Salford and Warrington , ” said Carbon Landscape Programme Manager Anna Hetterley .
A total of 22 interlinked projects will provide a radical and effective programme that will have lasting benefits for local communities and wildlife .
The Carbon Landscape is part of the Great Manchester Wetlands , a partnership of councils , statutory organisations , environmental charities and community groups which aims to deliver improvements to nature and wildlife for the benefit of local communities .
Authorities say a Tennessee sheriff 's deputy has fatally shot a man he was pursuing after the man confronted him with a weapon .
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says in a statement that the shooting occurred Sunday evening in Cosby after the Cocke County Sheriff 's Office responded to a call about a man who had outstanding warrants walking along a road .
When the deputy arrived , the man fled into a wooded area and the officer pursued on foot . Police say a confrontation occurred , and the deputy fired his weapon .
The man was hit and died after being taken to the Newport Medical Center . The statement did not include the names or races of the deputy or the man .
As an NBA deadline approaches , Brian Bowen still awaits an NCAA decision , his basketball future on hold .
Bowen , who transferred from Louisville to South Carolina during his freshman season after being caught up in the FBI 's investigation into college basketball , entered the 2018 NBA draft but did not sign with an agent , giving himself the option of withdrawing from the draft and returning to school . The 6-7 forward , who was a Class of 2017 5-star recruit coming out of La Lumiere School in Indiana , has until Wednesday at 11:59 p.m. , the deadline for leaving the draft and returning to school , to make that decision .
His decision , however , is n't an easy one . He 's unsure of his chances of being drafted by an NBA team . And he does n't know if the NCAA will rule him eligible to play as a freshman .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
So Bowen remains in limbo , caught in the middle of the FBI 's investigation into college basketball , NCAA eligibility rules and the NCAA 's deadline for when players can leave the NBA draft and return to school .
Bowen , once a recruiting target of N.C. State coach Mark Gottfried , committed to Louisville and coach Rick Pitino last June , about four months before the FBI announced an investigation into fraud , bribery and corruption in college basketball that involved adidas , agents and schools such as Miami and Louisville . Ten people were arrested , including four college assistant basketball coaches .
Through information in the FBI 's documents , such as when he committed to Louisville , Bowen was identified as the player whose father , Brian Bowen Sr. , was alleged to have agreed to accept $ 100,000 in exchange for the younger Bowen to go to Louisville , sign with adidas when he got to the NBA and retain the services of Christian Dawkins , who worked for ASM Sports agency . According to FBI documents , between May 2017 and September 2017 , adidas representatives Jim Gatto and Merl Code , along with Dawkins , conspired to funnel that money from adidas to Bowen 's father .
Brian Bowen Sr. allegedly received about $ 19,500 before the FBI 's investigation was announced . Bowen and his father were not named in the FBI 's indictment . Bowen Jr. has denied the allegations , and Bowen Sr. is cooperating with the investigation , his attorney , Tony Ricco , told ESPN in December .
`` I was shocked , '' Bowen Jr. told ESPN in December . `` I did n't believe it at all . ... They have to be lying . There 's no way I 'm involved in it . ''
Pitino and athletic director Tom Jurich were fired in September , part of the fallout from the school 's alleged involvement in the scandal .
Bowen was suspended indefinitely from Louisville and was told by the university in November that he would never play for the Cardinals . He transferred to South Carolina in January . If Bowen is deemed eligible by the NCAA , under transfer rules he would have to sit out for a year before he 's eligible to play for the Gamecocks .
In February , Yahoo released a report that contained Aug. 2016 emails that allegedly link Bowen and his father to agents . One email that specifically mentions Bowen is to ASM Sports agent Andy Miller from Dawkins , Miller 's associate and one of the 10 arrested in the FBI 's investigation .
“ ( Sports agent Andrew ) Vye if you have to make a call to these guys the kid that they want from me is Brian Bowen . Joe ( Pasternak ) is telling me the kids dad wants him in school for 2 years , not sure how true that is , ” Dawkins wrote in the email . “ My kid is n't going to decide anytime soon , so I would act quickly and try to make a relationship with the kids dad now . Arizona will pretty much do whatever we ask of them right now , until my kid decides on a school . ”
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK The FBI on Tuesday announced the filing of a superseding indictment in the college basketball investigation that alleges payments to include additional families of student athletes , including an athlete at NC State that appears to be Dennis Smith Jr. Kevin Keister
Gottfried , the former N.C. State coach who heavily recruited Bowen , was fired in February 2017 , and Bowen 's interest in the school waned after that . N.C. State in April was named in an FBI superseding indictment that alleges that an unnamed coach at the school agreed to deliver $ 40,000 from an adidas representative , believed to be Dennis Smith Sr. , the father of former N.C. State guard , Dennis Smith Jr. , in exchange for the younger Smith to play at N.C. State . Neither Smith Sr. nor Smith Jr. are named in the report .
Meanwhile , as the NBA draft withdrawal deadline nears , Bowen , after a path that went from being recruited by N.C. State to signing with Louisville to transferring to South Carolina , is caught in the middle , waiting for the NCAA to rule on whether or not he can play college basketball .
“ It 's not fair , ” sports attorney Don Jackson , who does not represent Bowen , said Tuesday . “ The problem with the system is that a rational way of resolving this would be for the NCAA to make a decision based on the currently available information . The NCAA 's rationale for delaying this is the fact that the available information is limited . The reality of the matter is with the ongoing criminal investigation , this could be going on for a year or conceivably several years .
“ Putting this family in a situation where they have to make a decision ( on the NBA ) based on the NCAA 's inaction is fundamentally unfair . But the NCAA has a history of this . ”
The NCAA was not immediately available for comment .
Jason Setchen , Bowen 's Miami-based attorney , called the situation `` mind-boggling '' in a tweet this past weekend . But South Carolina athletic director Ray Tanner told The ( Columbia ) State on Tuesday it was possible Bowen and the school could have “ some clarity ” on the issue from the NCAA before the Wednesday deadline ..
“ He 's got to make a decision on what his future is going to be , ” Tanner said . “ I 'd love for him to have all the information he needs to make that decision . ”
Bowen 's situation could be another cautionary tale for other athletes , Jackson said , when it comes to gaining NCAA eligibility ..
Nassir Little , a 5-star forward from Orlando , Fla. , who signed in November with North Carolina , also was swept up in the FBI 's investigation amid allegations of payments to his family in exchange for him to attend Miami , an adidas school . Little and his father denied any involvement in the scheme , and UNC basketball coach Roy Williams has said he trusts what Little and his father have said based on their sworn affidavit , in which they denied any school offered them money for their commitment and that they did not take money .
Little , who like Bowen was not named in the FBI indictments , still must go through the normal NCAA eligibility process .
Jackson , while not speaking specifically about Little , said , “ There are cases that drag into the regular season , where a young man misses six , eight , 10 games and then is cleared . In effect , that 's a de facto suspension . They serve a punishment without having been found ‘ guilty ' of any NCAA violations . ”
Jackson , whose firm The Sports Group is based in Montgomery , Ala. , has represented hundreds of athletes in eligibility and amateurism matters , including former N.C. State basketball players Omer Yurtseven , C.J . Leslie and Rodney Purvis .
It still rankles Jackson that Yurtseven , after signing with the Wolfpack , had to wait five months for an eligibility ruling from the NCAA . The NCAA ruled the 7-foot center from Turkey — who has since transferred from N.C. State to Georgetown — was eligible to play but had to sit out the first nine games of his freshman year and pay $ 1,000 to a charity of his choice for receiving compensation for expenses from a European professional team .
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK The FBI on Tuesday announced the filing of a superseding indictment in the college basketball investigation that alleges payments to include additional families of student athletes , including an athlete at NC State that appears to be Dennis Smith Jr. Kevin Keister
“ He should have never been suspended , not for a single game , and that was an investigation that should not have taken that long , ” Jackson said . “ And it 's not just Omer . It 's all of these cases that involve high-level players . ”
Bowen , who 's eligible for the NBA draft because he 's 19 , attended the NBA Draft Combine in Chicago earlier this month , telling reporters at the combine he was staying focused and not offering an opinion on the NCAA process or NCAA 's system of ruling on eligibility cases .
“ The system has been like that for so many years. ” Bowen said . “ You have to use it as a learning experience , use it as motivation and have a chip on my shoulder . ”
Bowen has had several workouts with NBA teams , but there are no guarantees he will be selected in the June 21 draft and several mock drafts have him not being taken . He has not competed against high-level competition since the Jordan Brand Classic in April 2017 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn .
Bowen said in Chicago he would like to stay at South Carolina and play basketball , but there 's the risk involved .
ESPN 's Jay Bilas was at the combine and was another who called Bowen 's situation unfair .
“ I know a lot of people want to see him stay ( in college ) , ” Bilas told The State . “ But it 's his decision . To me , if I 'm in his seat , there 's uncertainty in the college space . And I could go back for all the right reasons and still have to sit . Or do I just move on and leave all that mess behind me , when I have no certainty whether it 's going to be figured out in my favor or not ? ”
When Louisville landed Bowen last summer , Pitino said he was surprised .
“ In my 40 years of coaching this is the luckiest I 've been , ” Pitino said then of the late signing of the 5-star recruit .
Bowen has said he was not aware of any payment made to his father , a lack of knowledge that Jackson said was a mitigating factor the NCAA should consider in its ruling on Bowen .
`` The NCAA has an obligation to move this young man 's case along and allow him to make an informed decision about his basketball future , '' Jackson said .
ITHACA , N.Y. — Chris Lewis scored 17 points and Harvard came from four-points down in the final minutes to pull out a 76-73 win at Cornell in an Ivy League battle Saturday night .
The Crimson , the preseason Ivy League favourite , remains a game back of unbeaten conference leader Penn .
Stone Gettings hit two free throws with 4:43 to put the Big Red up by four , 66-62 , but Lewis made two free throws and Danilo Djuricic hit a 3 with 3:09 left to put Harvard in front , 67-66 .
Jack Gordon got Cornell even with the first of two free throws , but Seth Towns drilled a 3 with 2:25 remaining and from there Justin Bassey , Christian Juzang and Corey Johnson each hit a pair of free throws to preserve the win .
Towns finished with 15 points , seven boards and six assists for Harvard ( 10-11 , 5-1 ) .
Gettings scored 32 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead the Big Red ( 8-11 , 2-4 ) . Matt Morgan added 16 points and dished six assists .
The killing of the North Korean leader 's outcast half brother adds to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan , turncoats and South Korean public figures .
Kim Jong Nam told medical workers he had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before he died , Malaysian officials have said . Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011 , and experts believe he might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to his leadership . Others think he was enraged over recent news reports that his brother tried to defect to the South in 2012 .
North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others . Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing :
TRAITOR COUSIN
Lee Han-young , a nephew of one of the former wives of the country 's second leader Kim Jong Il , was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997 . Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982 , but Seoul kept his arrival secret until 1996 , when his mother also fled the North . Lee had harshly criticized the country and his dictator uncle . The investigation into his death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang 's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured .
BLAST IN YANGON
North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea 's leader while he was visiting Burma in 1983 . President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack , but more than 20 people were killed , including four of his Cabinet ministers , his ambassador to Yangon and several top aides . One North Korean agent was shot to death by police , a second was executed and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008 . Burma , now known as Myanmar , cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast , but they restored relations in 2007 .
SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT
A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace . South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute . The only commando that was captured said he had come to `` slit the throat of ( then-President ) Park Chung-hee . ''
A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea 's founder . Tensions later eased , but the South Korean commando team , incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted , mutinied in 1971 , killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped .
HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR
In 2010 , two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop , a former Workers ' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South . South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea 's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang 's throat . Hwang , who once tutored Kim Jong Il , bitterly criticized the North Korean government after his 1997 defection . North Korea called him a traitor and `` human scum . '' He died six months after the arrests at the age of 87 .
Before the U.S. presidential election last November , software engineer Suresh Kolichala was n't too interested in politics .
He 'd voted in previous elections and enjoyed listening to NPR , but he could n't name the member of Congress representing him and his city of Johns Creek , a northeastern suburb of Atlanta , Georgia , and he 'd never donated to a political campaign , he told NBC News . The results of the election changed the way he thought about civic participation .
RELATED : Ossoff Leads Handel in The Latest Poll in Georgia After Announcing $ 15 Million Haul
“ I 've been living in America for years and have always had a great deal of respect for the Constitution and this country 's system of checks and balances , ” Kolichala , who emigrated to the U.S. from India in 1992 , said . “ But the fact that we elected a president who has this anti-immigrant rhetoric and hateful supporters made me ashamed to be American . I felt like I had to get up and do something . ”
Countdown to the June 20th Runoff Election : 7 Days - The impact & importance of the AAPI Vote in GA ! # AAPIVOICES # AdvancingJustice pic.twitter.com/HK6CfkWEBA — AdvancingJusticeATL ( @ AAAJ_Atlanta ) June 13 , 2017
Kolichala would n't have to wait long before getting involved . After then Republican Rep. Tom Price vacated his seat to join President Donald Trump 's administration as secretary of health and human services in February , Kolichala began volunteering with a campaign during the ensuing special election , phone banking and canvasing houses .
His efforts are leading up to the scheduled June 20 runoff election in Georgia 's 6th Congressional District between Republican Karen Handel and Democrat Jon Ossoff . The 6th District , which covers northern Atlanta neighborhoods and sections of Cobb , DeKalb , and Fulton counties , has been a steady Republican stronghold since 1979 .
“ When you consider Asian Americans , African Americans , and Latinos in the 6th District , we comprise 25 percent of the total electorate . We 've been telling people at the door that if one of every two voters of color turned out to vote , we could be the deciding factor in this election . ”
Based on the district 's demographic makeup , Asian-American residents like Kolichala could play a major role in determining the final winner . While there are approximately 420,000 Asian Americans living in Georgia — roughly 4.2 percent of the state 's total population , according to the U.S. Census bureau — Asian Americans make up more than 10 percent of the 6th District .
Certain subsections of the district are also known for their high concentration of Asian Americans , including Johns Creek , where approximately a quarter of the city 's population identifies as Asian .
“ Generally what attracts a lot of first generation Asian Americans to the area are the good school districts , ” Sam Park , a Georgia state legislator and current Asian outreach director for Ossoff 's campaign , told NBC News . The son of Korean immigrants , Park grew up in the 6th District .
“ If you look at the northern end , we have some of the best schools , from Walton High School in Marietta to Chattahoochee High School in Johns Creek , where I attended , ” he said . “ We 've seen a trend of Asians moving out of the city of Atlanta and into the northern suburbs to send their kids to the best educational institutions . ''
Jon Ossoff meets with Asian-American voters at a community event . Courtesy of Long Tran
Both Handel and Ossoff have attended events hosted by volunteers and community organizations in May to celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month .
Ossoff appeared at an Asian-American outreach block party held on Mother 's Day to meet voters and take pictures . Handel was a guest at the Indian Friends of America Awards Ceremony on May 20 . Last Saturday , Rep. Grace Meng ( D-NY ) joined Ossoff in Atlanta on behalf of his campaign to push a canvassing effort specifically targeted at Asian voters .
Some individuals have also volunteered on behalf of the campaigns .
Lani Wong , the chairperson of the National Association of Chinese Americans , turned her 70th birthday party into a political rally for Ossoff — who made an appearance — and requested her friends donate money to various PACs in lieu of birthday gifts . More than 120 people showed up at her house , she said .
“ You can feel this energy throughout the neighborhood , ” Wong , who has resided in the city of Dunwoody since 1977 , told NBC News . “ Some Asian Americans here have been apathetic in the past because they feel like their voices do n't count , but in this election , our vote might be the one to make a difference . There 's this hope that did n't exist before . ”
Republican US House of Representatives candidate Karen Handel ( C ) participates in a 'Get Out The Vote ' rally at a restaurant in Marietta , Georgia , USA , 10 June 2017 . ERIK S. LESSER / EPA
The candidates ' campaigns have also worked to reach out to Asian-American voters that have felt ignored by the political process in the past .
Former Republican state senate candidate Garry Guan has been coordinating grassroots efforts for Handel 's campaign within the Chinese-American community , and the campaign has recognized the need to accommodate Asian immigrant voters ' language preferences .
“ It is not uncommon for us to get requests from newly naturalized citizens [ Guan ] is working with in Mandarin , ” Handel campaign spokesperson Kate Constantini told NBC News . “ We have field representatives that have installed Mandarin translation software specifically to be able to work with these volunteers and voters in our district . ”
Asian Americans Advancing Justice — Atlanta , a civil rights nonprofit , has also been working both on the ground and in the courts to educate and empower voters .
The organization was a co-plaintiff in a lawsuit against a Georgia law that would allow voters to cast a ballot in a runoff election only if they had registered 30 days before the initial election , a full 90 days before the runoff . On May 4 , a federal judge issued an injunction to extend the voter registration deadline to May 21 . According to Advancing Justice 's preliminary reports , since the original voter registration deadline on March 20 , an additional 5,500 voters were registered .
“ This was an instrumental victory because voter registration policies that restrict the right to vote , or make it more difficult to vote , disproportionately affect people of color , and that includes Asian Americans , ” Advancing Justice – Atlanta program associate Raymond Partolan told NBC News .
“ When you consider Asian Americans , African Americans , and Latinos in the 6th District , we comprise 25 percent of the total electorate , ” Partolan added . “ We 've been telling people at the door that if one of every two voters of color turned out to vote , we could be the deciding factor in this election . ”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
Can anyone top Tesla , who this week beat out General Motors in terms of market capitalization and who hopes to deliver a five-fold increase in sales between 2016 and 2018 ?
Some folks are pointing to another small battery-car start-up , Lucid Motors , as the most serious challenge . The start-up made a splashy debut at the New York International Auto Show on Thursday , previewing not only a prototype of the production car it hopes to bring to market in 2019 , but a test vehicle that recently clocked a record 217 mph test track runs .
The Lucid Air is part of `` an absolute revolution on the horizon , '' said Derek Jenkins , the company 's chief designer . Paul A. Eisenstein
Lucid 's numbers are certainly impressive , the production model expected to punch out 1,000 horsepower from a pair of electric motors , one driving the front axle , the other on the rear , creating what is sometimes called a through-the-road all-wheel-drive system . Chief Technical Officer Peter Rawlinson expects it to launch from 0 to 60 in less than three seconds , nearly as fast as the jaw-dropping Dodge Demon that was one of the stars of the auto shows press preview .
Related : New Dodge Demon Is the Fastest Production Car in the World
Fast is good , but beating `` range anxiety '' is something that matters even more to electric vehicle buyers and wannabes . And Lucid is projecting its optional 130 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery will yield more than 400 miles in range . A base car , with `` just '' 400 horsepower and more than 200 miles range will go for $ 60,000 , Lucid announced at its New York news conference .
The Electric Revolution
The Lucid Air is part of `` an absolute revolution on the horizon , '' promised Derek Jenkins , an industry veteran who serves as the company 's chief designer .
From his standpoint , the real revolution is in the way the Lucid Air is laid out . By burying that bulky battery pack in the car 's skateboard-style platform and mounting the motors directly on the Air 's axles , that frees up space normally used for a gas engine , transmission and other components . In Lucid 's model , it all goes to passenger and cargo space .
With an exterior footprint the size of a compact to midsize sedan , the Lucid Air delivers a cabin as big as the long-wheelbase version of a Mercedes-Benz S-Class .
`` We can deliver an executive jet experience on wheels , '' said Jenkins , adding that , `` the notion of a big , long hood providing prestige and power is out of date . ''
Some are questioning Lucid 's decision to debut with a sedan , considering the dramatic shift in the global automotive market . In the U.S. , in particular , utility vehicles now account for more than 40 percent of new vehicle sales , with forecasts suggesting that will reach 45 to 50 percent within five years . That trend is now sweeping through Europe , China , and other key markets .
A Challenge to the Luxury Class
Rawlinson and Jenkins said they recognize that transformation , revealing in an interview they have a ute in development and that it would follow soon after the Lucid Air sedan . But they also stressed that the start-up needed to start out with a direct counter to luxury market flagships like the Mercedes S-Class and BMW 7-Series .
The interior of the Lucid Air is spacious and luxurious -- but do n't call this electric car a 'Tesla killer . ' Courtesy of Lucid
The biggest challenge , Rawlinson acknowledged , will be locking down the finances Lucid needs to transform the Air from concept to production . That has been the downfall of a number of other automotive start-ups . Rival Faraday Future recently had to put construction of its factory near Las Vegas on hold due to a cash shortfall .
Lucid has locked down its own factory site , this one in Casa Grande , Arizona . But Rawlinson said Lucid will not break ground until it has the necessary cash in hand .
Related : Faraday Future : Tesla Competitor or Also-Ran ?
`` We do n't have the money in place , '' he confirmed , adding , `` That is why we need a Series D ( equity offering ) to put this into production . ''
The company hopes to lock that down in the next few months . If it does , expect the comparisons to Tesla to mount , though Rawlinson insists he does n't like Lucid to be called `` a Tesla killer . '' He thinks there is plenty of room for new electric vehicle entrants into the luxury market . He thinks the bigger opportunity is to challenge existing manufacturers relying on traditional powertrain technology , such as Mercedes and BMW .
Not that they are standing still . BMW has created a separate division , BMW i , devoted to electrified vehicle propulsion , and the new Mercedes-EQ sub-brand will launch by 2020 .
But Lucid is clearly generating buzz and if it can deliver on the promised numbers , it could tap into a significant market .
DAYTON — Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine and Montgomery County Sheriff Phil Plummer announced the arrests of four suspected drug traffickers , believed to be associated with the Sinaloa Cartel in Mexico .
The Miami Valley Bulk Smuggling Task Force , which is part of the Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission , also seized approximately 20 kilograms of drugs ( mostly heroin and fentanyl ) , 20 pounds of marijuana , and approximately $ 120,000 in cash .
The drugs are worth a street value of approximately $ 2 million .
Dagoberto Verdugo-Aguirre , 45 , of Dayton ; Julio Castillo-Egurrola , 30 , of Dayton ; Emmanuel Sanchez-Perez , 28 , of Harrison Township ; and Cabrera Alvarez , 42 , of Phoenix , Arizona were arrested and charged with Possession of Drugs , Trafficking of Drugs , and Money Laundering .
Sanchez-Perez is not a U.S. Citizen . He faced a previous deportation , but returned to the United States .
Throughout the investigation , the Miami Valley Bulk Smuggling Task Force searched several residences , which included : 110 Klee Avenue in Dayton , 115 South Delmar Avenue in Dayton , and 332 Hillway Drive in Harrison Township .
“ Task force members have made a significant bust with this investigation , ” said Attorney General DeWine . “ Most of the drugs seized were heroin and fentanyl – poison that will not make it to our streets to endanger the lives of Ohio families . ”
“ If you 're thinking about bringing drugs into the Miami Valley , do n't . We 're very good at what we do , ” said Sheriff Phil Plummer . “ I believe our message is clear , and our unified efforts with federal , state and local law enforcement are working . ”
The investigation is ongoing , and more arrests are expected .
In Montgomery County so far this year , there have been approximately 200 opiate overdose deaths .
The Miami Valley Bulk Smuggling Task Force , which is part of the Ohio Attorney General 's Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission , is made up of officers from the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office , The Ohio State Highway Patrol , Miami Township Police Department , Butler Township Police Department , Montgomery County RANGE Task Force , Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation , Homeland Security Investigations , Drug Enforcement Administration and Montgomery County Prosecutor 's Office .
Established in 1986 , the Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission ( OOCIC ) assists local law enforcement agencies in combating organized crime and corrupt activities . The Commission is composed of members of the law enforcement community and is chaired by the Ohio Attorney General . In 2016 , authorities working in OOCIC task forces across the state seized more than $ 33 million worth of drugs and more than $ 5.65 million in U.S. currency . So far in 2017 , in addition to this investigation , OOCIC task forces have seized nearly $ 9 million worth of drugs and $ 1.7 million in U.S. currency .
December trudges onward , meaning that we 've come back around to another Monday . Finals week is about to kick off for me , so good luck to you if you 're in the same boat , but that wo n't interfere with the first round of app sales for the week . Peruse and browse the lists below at your leisure . No personal recommendations to be found today , sadly .
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Crawley residents are being urged to be extra vigilant to fraudsters after a man was recently conned out of nearly £20,000 .
Con artists pretending to be police officers , other officials or tradesmen are currently active in the Crawley area , Sussex Police have warned .
Since the end of September , a 66-year-old man from Crawley has been conned out of £19,000 , which he paid out in several instalments as and when requested .
Sussex Police are now keen to alert other elderly or vulnerable people and their relatives to the scam , while trying to discover exactly how it has been carried out and by whom .
Previously , both phone calls and personal contact have been used to dupe victims .
Detective Constable Gillian Sadler , of West Sussex Investigations , Crawley , said : `` Unexpected demands for cash payments should be treated with the utmost caution and the credentials of callers should be carefully checked to ensure they are genuine .
“ If there is any doubt , contact police immediately on 999 with as much detail as possible . ''
Banks in Crawley have also been alerted to watch out for any cash transactions which appear to be unusual or suspicious .
Anyone who believes they may have fallen victim to fraudsters , or who has other information about such activity , is asked to contact Sussex Police online or call 101 , quoting Operation Signature .
Alternatively , visit the Crimestoppers website or contact the independent charity anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial .
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial .
( AP Photo/Matt Rourke , Pool ) . Bill Cosby walks from the courtroom during jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa. , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/Matt Rourke , Pool ) . Bill Cosby walks from the courtroom during jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pa. , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/Matt Rourke ) . Bill Cosby walks from the Montgomery County Courthouse during jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at in Norristown , Pa. , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/Matt Slocum ) . Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during his sexual assault trial , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Norristown , Pa . The jury has wrapped up a second day of deliberations without reaching a verdict .
By MARYCLAIRE DALE and MICHAEL R. SISAKAssociated Press
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) - Jurors in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial reviewed portions of his accuser 's testimony Wednesday as they deliberated for a third day over whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia estate .
Jurors made the request to have portions of Andrea Constand 's testimony read back to them after deliberating about 21 hours without reaching a verdict in a case that has already helped demolish Cosby 's nice-guy reputation .
Constand , 44 , who spent seven hours on the stand last week , was in the gallery as the jury scrutinized her story .
She testified that Cosby gave her pills that left her woozy , helped her to a couch and then violated her while she was passed out , unable to say no or fight his advances .
The jury had previously reviewed Cosby 's version of events , contained in a deposition he gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand 's lawsuit against him and introduced by prosecutors at the criminal trial .
Cosby said he gave Constand three half-tablets of Benadryl , an over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine , to help her relax . His lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner .
Constand denied there was any romance between them and told jurors she had rebuffed his advances before the assault . She believes he gave her something stronger than Benadryl on the night she says he molested her .
`` Can you find 12 people who will agree ? That 's the question , '' said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber , who was n't involved in the case .
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault . Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term , though the counts could be merged at sentencing if he is convicted .
The first prosecutor to review the case in 2005 passed on it . A new one , District Attorney Kevin Steele , reversed course a decade later , after dozens of women came forward to accuse Cosby of sexual misconduct and after the public release of his startling deposition in which he spoke about giving the powerful sedative quaaludes to women he wanted to have sex with .
The long-married Cosby , once known as America 's Dad for his portrayal of kindly Dr. Cliff Huxtable on `` The Cosby Show , '' called all the encounters consensual .
The Rev . Andrew F. Kline , a vicar of a historic black church in Norristown who stopped by the courthouse steps Wednesday to check out the scene , said his congregation is `` absolutely '' talking about the case given Cosby 's place in their lives .
`` He was huge . He was huge . He was a role model . He could n't escape that , '' Kline said . `` You probably want it on one level , as a celebrity . He made some powerful statements that people either said , 'Yeah , Amen , ' or 'That 's not the way we are . '
`` So it 's always difficult to look under the hood and see the reality of our lives , '' Kline said . `` I pray for him . I pray for her . I pray for everybody here that justice be done , but that there be some mercy , too , right ? I mean , we need to be about that . ''
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission , which Constand has done .
___
For more on Cosby , including trial updates , historical photos , videos and an audio series exploring the case , visit http : //www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A Wisconsin McDonald 's manager is facing a felony theft charge after being accused of stealing thousands of dollars from her employer by issuing fake refunds on Big Macs that customers never returned .
According to the Greenfield Patch , Mary Ruelle , a manager who worked at a McDonald 's restaurant in Greenfield , Wis. , has been accused by her supervisor of stealing money from the franchise location from mid-January to March 24 .
MCDONALD 'S SWITCHING UP THE MCFLURRY ?
According to a criminal complaint , Ruelle would select food items that had been sold at the location that day and issue refunds using a code only certain employees could access . To maximize the amount of cash refunded , the supervisor says Ruelle chose higher-ticket , popular items like Big Macs .
After reviewing the store 's surveillance video , Ruelle 's supervisor told police that he witnesses his employee authorizing refunds for the food and then take money directly from the register– but no customers were present .
Normally , refunds issued at McDonald 's are just a couple of dollars but the supervisor noticed something was off when refunds were coming in for $ 31.32 on Jan. 14 to $ 132.62 on March 24 , with some refunds over $ 200 .
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
In all Ruelle stole $ 3,827.17 — the equivalent of 1,071 Big Mac burgers .
If convicted , the former manager now faces up to a year and a half in prison or up to $ 10,000 in fines .
Carmen is trying to book a fancy reservation for a very fancy person . Will they be able to accommodate her request ?
So THAT 's J Niice ... …is a common phrase you 'll hear once someone meets me for the first time . My voice has been heard on some of the country 's biggest Top 40 radio stations ( Hot995 DC , 965 KissCleve ...
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Roy Hodgson says it makes no difference with Crystal Palace being back at the bottom of the Premier League .
Palace slipped back to the bottom of the table after missing a late penalty against AFC Bournemouth , with the Eagles dropping below West Ham United and Swansea City after their victories against Chelsea and West Bromwich Albion respectively .
But the Palace boss insists that is irrelevant at this stage of the season , with 22 games still to be played in the campaign .
However , he says that his players only have themselves to blame after failing to claim all three points against the Cherries .
“ I do n't care really , whether it is bottom , second to bottom or third from bottom [ at the moment ] , ” he said .
“ I want to be near the middle of the table and it does n't make a lot of difference .
“ Obviously I would have preferred to win [ against Bournemouth ] , but I have got to say that I thought merited the victory and we were the architects of our own downfall , because their second goal should never have been scored and we should n't have missed the penalty .
“ I do n't think anyone is trying to blame anyone but themselves , but we are here talking about moments or decisions , and we came short again .
“ I thought we were a little hard done by though because I think we deserved more than that . ”
Palace are back in action tomorrow night ( Tuesday ) when Watford is the visitors to Selhurst Park .
The European Parliament has voted to approve the EU-Canada trade agreement known as CETA .
The Comprehensive Economic Trade Agreement was approved after 408 MEPs voted in favour and 254 voted against .
There were 33 abstentions .
CETA will be provisionally applied from April , before being ratified by member states .
Protesters earlier gathered outside the European Parliament in Strasbourg to voice their opposition to CETA .
During a debate on the deal this morning , Fine Gael MEP Sean Kelly said he was annoyed by claims that are in `` vogue '' surrounding CETA and criticised the suggestion that it would put 90 million jobs at risk .
The European People 's Party member said no one would vote for the agreement if that was the case .
Independent MEP Luke Ming Flanagan pointed out that the European Parliament 's Employment Committee was against CETA . Mr Flanagan told MEPs that Mr Kelly came from a party whose leader who is `` openly a liar '' .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is due to address the European Parliament tomorrow .
JOHN HANNA , AP Political Writer
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — Big questions about taxes and spending will shape the Kansas Legislature 's work after its annual session opens Jan. 9 .
But the biggest question might be how much GOP moderates work with conservatives and how often they seek deals with Democrats .
Lawmakers and Gov . Sam Brownback must close a projected shortfall of more than $ 345 million in the current budget and estimated gaps in funding for existing programs that total almost $ 1.1 billion through June 2019 .
It 's not clear whether the Republican-controlled Legislature will increase taxes or pressure Brownback to rethink income tax cuts he championed in 2012 and 2013 .
And with a Kansas Supreme Court ruling on education funding expected soon , lawmakers will face pressure to provide more money for public schools .
In his telling , that bureaucracy , now run by his own appointees , is a nest of political saboteurs out to undermine him — an accusation that raised fears that he was tearing at the credibility of some of the most important institutions in American life to save himself .
“ I ca n't think of another time when this has happened , ” said Jack L. Goldsmith , a Harvard law professor who headed the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel under President George W. Bush . “ And it 's happening largely because the president is being investigated . ”
The attacks are having an impact . A new SurveyMonkey poll for Axios , a news website , released on Saturday showed that only 38 percent of Republicans have a favorable view of the F.B.I. , compared to 64 percent of Democrats . In interviews , more than a dozen officials who work at or recently left the Justice Department and the F.B.I . said they feared that the president was mortgaging the credibility of those agencies for his own short-term political gain as he seeks to undercut the Russia inquiry led by the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III .
“ Thanks to this rhetoric , there is a subset of the public that wo n't believe what comes out of the Mueller investigation , ” said Christopher Hunter , a former F.B.I . agent and prosecutor who left the Justice Department at the end of last year . Mr. Hunter said he worried that juries might be more skeptical of testimony from agents in criminal trials . “ All it takes to sink a case , ” he said , “ is for one juror to disbelieve the F.B.I . ”
Since taking office , Mr. Trump has assailed a number of major institutions in society , including Congress , the courts , the news media , intelligence agencies , Hollywood , professional sports and even his own party . But the attacks on law enforcement are tied up with his own political fate as investigators bear down .
The closest analogy historians summon is the Saturday Night Massacre in 1973 , when President Richard M. Nixon ordered the firing of the Watergate prosecutor , and both the attorney general and his deputy resigned rather than comply , leaving it to the Justice Department 's No . 3 official to carry it out . Even then , Nixon was publicly targeting the prosecutor , not the institutions themselves .
Ever since , the notion of a president dismissing investigators looking at his own actions had been unthinkable in Washington — at least until Mr. Trump fired James B. Comey , the F.B.I . director , last year . President Bill Clinton 's surrogates relentlessly attacked Kenneth W. Starr , the independent counsel investigating him , but ousting him was never a viable option , and as much as Mr. Clinton detested Louis J. Freeh , the F.B.I . director at the time , he did not launch a sustained public attack on him or the agency .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even before this past week , Mr. Trump had publicly assailed Attorney General Jeff Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation and left open the possibility that he might even fire him . Last summer , Mr. Trump sought to fire Mr. Mueller , only to back down after the White House counsel threatened to resign , The New York Times reported last month . He also considered firing Mr. Rosenstein , who oversees Mr. Mueller .
“ It 's scary when someone can use the forces of government for their own benefit , the way Nixon did and the way this president is now doing , ” said Sidney Davidoff , a onetime adviser to Mayor John V. Lindsay of New York and one of 20 people on Nixon 's original enemies list . “ As an attorney and as a private citizen , I 'd like to believe that the investigatory agencies are doing a job for the American people , not at someone 's whim . It 's not a monarchy . ”
Photo
Mr. Trump 's advisers dismiss such concerns as overwrought . They said the memo , drafted by Republicans led by Representative Devin Nunes of California , the Intelligence Committee chairman , and declassified by Mr. Trump , raised serious and legitimate questions about the way the F.B.I . used information gathered by a former spy paid by Mrs. Clinton 's campaign and the Democrats to help justify a warrant for surveillance on a former Trump campaign adviser tied to Russia .
Mr. Trump 's critics , his advisers argue , are turning a blind eye to government misconduct out of their own partisan animus toward the president . Neither the F.B.I . nor the Justice Department should be above questioning , they say , and Mr. Trump 's willingness to do so should not be taken as a slight against the vast majority of people who work there .
“ The president has stated many times that he respects the rank and file of the F.B.I. , the 25,000 men and women who do a great job there , ” Kellyanne Conway , the president 's counselor , said on Fox News . “ This particular investigation has taken a lot of twists and turns , and it 's led us to a few bad actors who had direct responsibility for an investigation about his political opponent who are obviously biased against him . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Trump seized on the memo on Saturday to assert that it renders the Russia investigation moot . “ This memo totally vindicates ‘ Trump ' in probe , ” he wrote on Twitter . “ But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ”
For Mr. Trump , the memo represents the latest example of a secret document containing explosive information that shadowy , powerful figures do not want made public , like the famous long-form birth certificate that President Barack Obama was supposedly hiding to cover up that he was born in Kenya . ( Mr. Obama eventually released the form , which showed that he was born in Hawaii , and Mr. Trump ultimately acknowledged that Mr. Obama really is a native-born American . )
During the 2016 campaign , Mr. Trump often seized on documents as a potential holy grail . At one point , it was the sealed pages of the congressional report into the Sept. 11 , 2011 , terrorist attacks , which he argued would show who was behind them . At other moments , he pointed to Mrs. Clinton 's deleted emails or the hacked emails of Mrs. Clinton 's campaign chairman , John D. Podesta , which were released by the website WikiLeaks .
Mr. Trump 's current campaign threatens the autonomy of the F.B.I . and the Justice Department , which was seared into the public consciousness after Watergate , according to veterans of the legal system . “ Starting with Jimmy Carter , every president has embraced norms that preserve the independence of the D.O.J. , law enforcement and intelligence matters from the White House , ” Mr. Goldsmith said . “ What is happening now is a violation of post-Watergate norms . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
David Strauss , a University of Chicago law professor , said Mr. Trump 's accusations were not mere political rhetoric , but messages with consequences . “ It 's got to undermine public confidence in the F.B.I . to a certain degree . And it 's got to undermine morale at the F.B.I . and the Justice Department to an even greater degree , ” he said .
“ We have a president who seems to have no understanding of the professional ethos of the Justice Department , who has no understanding how these people think about their jobs , ” he added .
Especially upsetting , some former officials said , is how Mr. Trump has publicly taunted specific individuals — a top F.B.I . official , an F.B.I . lawyer and an F.B.I . supervisor .
“ It 's one thing for the president to criticize political appointees — although it is quite odd for him to criticize his own political appointees , ” said Alan Rozenshtein , a lawyer who left the Justice Department 's national security division in April and now teaches at the University of Minnesota law school . But to attack career employees at the F.B.I . who are barred by regulations from publicly responding , he said , “ that 's really bad . ”
Some agents are leaving as a result . Josh Campbell , who spent a decade at the F.B.I . and worked directly for Mr. Comey at one time , wrote in The Times on Saturday that he was resigning so that he could speak out . “ These political attacks on the bureau must stop , ” he wrote . “ If those critics of the agency persuade the public that the F.B.I . can not be trusted , they will also have succeeded in making our nation less safe . ”
One F.B.I . supervisor in a field office said public shaming of his colleagues had wiped out any desire he had to work at the bureau 's headquarters in Washington . “ I 'd rather chew glass , ” he said .
Mary McCord , a former acting assistant attorney general for the national security division , left the Justice Department in May after 23 years . Every new administration , she said , ushered in new priorities and policies . But only Mr. Trump , she said , had put the entire department under a cloud .
“ I 've never seen attacks on the F.B.I . or the D.O.J . like we 've seen in the last year , ” she said . “ It makes me just really sad . ”
The casting announcement for a new historical drama set during World War II is being met with accusations of whitewashing .
On Tuesday , Deadline reported actor Zach McGowan has been cast as Medal for Merit and Purple Heart recipient Benehakaka “ Ben ” Kanahele in director Gabriel Robertson 's film `` Ni'ihau . ''
Benehaka `` Ben '' Kanahele ( left ) , of Niihau , Hawaii , displays the Medal for Merit and Purple Heart awarded to him for killing a Japanese Pilot who landed on Niihau after the Dec. 7 , 1941 , attack on Pearl Harbor . The pilot shot Mr. Kanahele three times before being killed by the Hawaiian . Courtesy of the University of Hawaii at Manoa
The film is set during World War II and tells the true story of the Ni'ihau Incident , which occurred after Native Hawaiian Ben Kanahele rescued Shigenori Nishikaichi , a Japanese Navy pilot who participated in the bombing of Pearl Harbor .
The 36-year-old McGowan will play Kanahele who , along with his wife Kealoha `` Ella '' Kanahele , ultimately killed Nishikaichi after the pilot 's involvement in Pearl Harbor became known . Ben Kanahele , who was shot by Nishikaichi , was later hailed by the U.S. government as a hero for helping stop the attack on Hawaii .
McGowan 's casting comes at a time when Hollywood has increasingly come under fire for whitewashing the roles of Asian Americans and other Americans of color . Following low box office numbers in the U.S. for `` The Great Wall '' and `` Ghost in the Shell , '' both films that were associated with `` white savior '' and whitewashing narratives , some industry executives have noted `` the conversation regarding casting '' affected the films ' performances .
“ We have a really serious issue here , and that 's Polyface . Instead of Blackface , it 's Polyface , ” writer and filmmaker Anne Keala Kelly told NBC News . “ We in Hawaii have seen George Clooney and Shailene Woodley and Emma Stone play Hawaiians . And Grace Park , who is Asian American , plays Kono Kalakaua every week on ‘ Hawaii 5-0 . ' So it 's only Hawaiians who ca n't be Hawaiians on screen . ”
But while Kelly says she is encouraged by the fact that more people are speaking out on social media when Hawaiian and Pacific Islander roles are erased by Hollywood , she added that she also hopes that Americans begin thinking more about what it means when Hawaiian voices in particular are erased . “ It 's about cleansing a narrative , ” she said , noting that this new film comes at a time of increased tensions between the United States and Asian nations like North Korea . “ Pacific Islanders are constantly dealing with being ethnically cleansed into nonexistence . That kind of narrative is very dangerous . ”
NBC News has reached representatives for the film and will update with their response .
Social media users took to Twitter shortly after McGowan 's casting was announced to voice their displeasure .
This is BS that Zach McGowan is playing native Hawaiian Ben Kanahele ( a real person ) . This is blatant whitewashing . https : //t.co/0g0NpSf1nZ — jes vu ( @ jesthevu ) May 9 , 2017
leave it to hollywood to hire a white dude to play a native hawaiian https : //t.co/iJYtpuRRR8 — Susan Cheng ( @ scheng_ ) May 9 , 2017
Brah , we Hawaiians grew up performing . Everybody had a turn on stage . Nobody tours in Hawaii so we have to make our own entertainment . — Celeste Noelani ( @ runningnekkid ) May 9 , 2017
The now-expired casting call for `` Ni'ihau '' published on Backstage.com listed several Asian-American and Pacific Islander roles for the film 's other characters . It also notes that filming will begin later this month and will be filmed partially in Malaysia .
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
The iPhone 8 Might Be Capable of Reading Your Facial Expressions 00:01:29
This Week in Pioneering 00:03:37
This Is the History of the Internet 00:03:28
Build Your Own Eclipse Viewer 00:01:43
Take a Tour of This Incredible Oceanic Research Vessel 00:01:16
Could The First Human Embryo Editing Experiment in U.S Mean a ‘ Designer Babies ' Future is Close ? 00:01:46
Celebrating The Curiosity Rover 's First Five Years On Mars 00:02:47
What Secrets Lie At The Bottom Of The Ocean ? 00:03:06
Why The August 21st Solar Eclipse Is Important For Americans 00:02:18
These Places Will Offer The Best Views Of The Great American Eclipse 00:01:21
This Algorithm from the 1950s Powers Modern Mapping Applications 00:01:58
These Animating Sneakers Let You Express Your Artistic Side 00:01:05
Apollo Astronauts Reunite to Celebrate 50th Anniversary 00:01:03
Celebrating NASA 's 59th Anniversary 00:02:53
The iPod Era Is Ending 00:01:11
The Moon Might Be Hiding A Lot More Water Than We Thought 00:01:24
Space Camp Lets You Become An Astronaut Without Leaving The Planet 00:10:30
Relive Apollo 11 's Historic Moon Landing 00:02:00
This Is the Closest You Can Get to Zero Gravity Without Leaving Earth 00:02:36
Take a Seat in the Cockpit of NASA 's T38 Jet 00:02:09
Take a Tour of NASA 's Full Size Mockup of the ISS 00:01:55
This Week in Pioneering 00:04:35
Relive the Historic Launch of Apollo 11 00:01:43
How to Garden in the Arctic 00:06:21
TRUMP AGENDA : The latest news out of Charlottesville
From the Washington Post : “ A man accused of plowing a car into a crowd of activists here — killing one person and injuring 19 — long sympathized with Nazi views and had stood with a group of white supremacists hours before Saturday 's bloody crash . The alleged driver , James Alex Fields Jr. , a 20-year-old who traveled to Virginia from Ohio , had espoused extremist ideals at least since high school , according to Derek Weimer , a history teacher . ”
The AP sums up criticism of Donald Trump 's response to the deadly violence .
“ The development of Trump 's statement Saturday afternoon offered a revealing window into how the White House works in such situations , according to two people familiar with the response , ” writes the Washington Post . “ They said that when Trump was first briefed on Charlottesville , he was told that various groups had entered the city and were protesting even though the white supremacists and neo-Nazis organized the rally and others were there to protest against them . That context — that many groups were involved in violence and not just white nationalists — quickly colored his thinking and prompted him to comment to others in broad terms about the crisis , the people said , speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe private conversations with White House officials . ”
POLITICO notes the number of Republicans who stood up to Trump over his comments about Charlottesville .
Jeff Sessions said on TODAY that Trump “ made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred and violence. ” ( He also said that the president “ has a right to scold his cabinet members if he 's not happy with them . ” )
This was remarkable , on Sunday 's Meet the Press : Asked if he can work with Steve Bannon in the White House , H.R . McMaster would only say this : “ I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president 's agenda and advance the security , prosperity of the American people . ”
Mike Pence is taking issue with “ the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday . ''
NBC 's Marianna Sotomayor and Daniella Silva look at how Charlottesville is taking stock of itself after the deadly attack .
The New York Times reports that white nationalist groups are claiming victory . “ Yet it is by no means clear what the demonstrations mean for the future of this movement and what , if any , lasting effect they will have . Will the overt displays of racism return the extreme right-wing to the margins of politics , or will they serve to normalize the movement , allowing it to weave itself deeper into the national conversation ? ”
Charlottesville 's mayor is becoming one of Trump 's strongest critics , the Washington Post reports .
POLITICO : “ Inside President Donald Trump 's White House , no one seems to be looking forward to September . Senior officials have described the coming month as `` brutal , '' “ bad ” or “ really tough ” because of the confluence of complicated issues — but they also say it 's pivotal to get the presidency back on course . ”
The AP notes how critics of Rex Tillerson are questioning whether he has what it takes .
From the New York Times : “ North Korea 's success in testing an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears able to reach the United States was made possible by black-market purchases of powerful rocket engines probably from a Ukrainian factory with historical ties to Russia 's missile program , according to an expert analysis being published Monday and classified assessments by American intelligence agencies . ”
And do n't miss this from over the weekend : “ In a sign that the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election will remain a continuing distraction for the White House , the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , is in talks with the West Wing about interviewing current and former senior administration officials , including the recently ousted White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus , according to three people briefed on the discussions . ”
OFF TO THE RACES : One day until Alabama 's GOP Senate primary
AL-SEN : The Alabama Senate race gets the NYT treatment : “ Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States , is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association . But Mr . Strange is wheezing into Tuesday 's Republican Senate primary here . He is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore , the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright . Mr . Strange is in a political vise , pinched by his links to a pair of Republicans , one local and one national , held in low esteem by many in the party here : the disgraced former Gov . Robert Bentley , who appointed Mr . Strange , and Mr. McConnell . ”
And in the Washington Post : “ For Republicans , the Alabama contest is a snapshot of the party 's churning base at this moment in the Trump presidency . In a deep-red state , the dominant squabbles are not over ideological purity — that GOP test of old — but over loyalty to Trump and over who has the most visceral connection with his core voters . ”
Al.com looks at what a Strange loss would mean — and what kind of preview it could offer in advance of the midterms .
James Dobson endorsed Roy Moore .
VA-GOV : Here 's Ed Gillespie 's statement on the events in Charlottesville : “ `` Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right . It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville last night and today . These displays have no place in our Commonwealth , and the mentality on display is rejected by the decent , thoughtful and compassionate fellow Virginians I see every day . I know we all appreciate the law enforcement officials maintaining order and protecting public safety there . ''
And here 's Ralph Northam : “ To the white supremacists who terrorized Charlottesville this weekend : Go home and do n't come back . ”
Helen Beth ( Worley ) Curry
July 26 , 1931 – January 31 , 2018
BOWIE – Helen Beth ( Worley ) Curry fondly known as “ Becky , ” 86 , passed away on Jan. 31 , 2018 in Bowie , TX .
A memorial service will be at 11 a.m. Feb. 3 in the chapel of The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie .
Becky was born July 26 , 1931 , in Bowie to Dave and Erle Worley . She was a retired elementary school teacher , serving in the Graham Schools as well as the Irving School District .
Becky was a Bowie High School graduate in the class of 1948 where she participated in the Jackrabbit band and where she received the honors from her classmates of once being named “ Miss Congeniality ” as well as “ Most Beautiful. ” She loved her years at BHS where she met many life-long friends . One of those special classmates was Roy Curry , whom she later married .
She was a faithful wife and loving mother of two children , a daughter , DiAnne and a son , Bronc . After they were in school , Becky made the decision to go back to school herself . She graduated from Midwestern State University , cum laude , where she earned her teaching degree .
Following her retirement , Becky and Roy moved back to Bowie and became involved in various community interests such as delivering Meals on Wheels , supporting the Bowie Library , as well as supporting the education of young people through their interest in the Bowie Educational Foundation . Becky participated in Maids and Matrons , Precepts Bible Studies and various bridge clubs .
Becky is preceded in death by her husband , Roy L. Curry , Sr. ; her parents ; brothers , Dave and Bob Worley and a sister , Mary Jo Carlisle .
She is survived by her sister , Kathryn “ Bunny ” Sanders , Bowie ; daughter , DiAnne and husband Dr. James Dunn , Bowie ; son , Bronc Curry and wife Lisa , Grand Prairie ; and grandsons , James W. Dunn and wife , Jennifer , and Daniel W. Dunn .
In lieu of flowers , donations may be made to The Bowie Educational Foundation at P.O . Box 992 , Bowie , Texas 76230-0992 .
Arrangements entrusted to The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie .
Paid publication
Oil prices have fallen in thin trade today after the Easter holiday break shut many markets for as long as four days and as a US government report indicated rising production .
Benchmark Brent crude futures were down 4 cents at $ 55.32 at 7.49am Irish time .
They ended a quiet session yesterday down 53 cents at $ 55.36 , after rising the three previous weeks .
US West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures were also down 4 cents at $ 52.61 a barrel .
They settled down 53 cents at $ 52.65 a barrel .
The benchmark for US oil had also risen for three straight weeks through Thursday , before the Easter break .
`` The speculators have been pushing oil up for almost a month , '' said Jonathan Chan , investment analyst at Phillip Futures in Singapore . `` There should some healthy price correction this week . ''
Mr Chan said he expected Brent to test $ 54 and WTI $ 51.70 .
US shale production in May is likely to post the biggest monthly gain in more than two years , government data showed yesterday , as producers step up the pace of drilling with oil prices holding above $ 50 a barrel .
May output is expected to rise by 123,000 barrels per day to 5.19m bpd , according to the US Energy Information Administration 's drilling productivity report .
If that is right , May will have the biggest monthly increase since February 2015 and the highest monthly production level since November 2015 .
More barrels could be on their way to market from US shale fields as financial companies are investing billions in production , a Reuters analysis shows .
Any increase in output in the United States , now the world 's third-biggest oil producer , will likely put pressure on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) – which agreed to curb output at the end of last year – to cut production further .
OPEC is due to meet on 25 May to weigh an extension of output cuts beyond June to alleviate a glut that has depressed prices for nearly three years .
Still , Saudi Arabia 's energy minister has said it was too early to discuss an extension .
`` The market just seems a little frightened , '' said Matt Stanley , a fuel broker at Freight Investor Services in Dubai .
`` In one corner we have high output compliance , seemingly rising demand ( apparently ) and strong Chinese economic data but , in the other corner , we have the 1m tonne elephant in the room and that is US production and exports . ''
A local boy scout group is involved in a police investigation .
Over $ 11,000 from Cub Scout Pack 41 , out of west Toledo , was stolen .
Leaders of the pack said the suspect , who had access to the pack 's accounts , was using the funds for various different things for months . The money came from popcorn sales and other fundraisers .
Pack officials added that $ 1,000 that was supposed to be used to purchase Toledo Walleye tickets was never deposited .
No charges have been filed , but Toledo Police are looking into these claims .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
Eusebio Di Francesco accused Roma of giving up in the second half of their 5-2 defeat to Liverpool , although he insists the Champions League semi-final is not over .
The visitors looked dead and buried 68 minutes into Tuesday 's first leg at Anfield , with Mohamed Salah , Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane scoring to put the home side 5-0 up .
However , late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti have given Roma some hope of a repeat of their dramatic quarter-final comeback , when they beat Barcelona 3-0 in the second leg to go through on away goals .
Di Francesco was upset at the way his side failed to win enough battles in midfield and furious that they conceded three times in 13 minutes after the break , but he insists they must believe they can reach the final .
`` We started to lose too many duels and lost shape after the first goal , '' he told a news conference . `` We did n't read the game as we should have done and we lacked quality .
`` I think we deserved to score those two goals , the team proved to have soul , but I did n't like that we gave up during the second half . We controlled the first 20-25 minutes but then we started to lose too many duels .
`` Football is not a game about systems , it is about winning those individual duels . It could have been more than five at one stage .
`` We do n't need miracles , we just need to believe like against Barcelona and our fans will be there supporting us .
`` This is the first Champions League semi-final for Roma in three decades , we 're not used to it . But let me remind you : the tie is not over . Whoever does not believe in the comeback can stay at home . I feel responsible , I am the most responsible here , but we are still playing in a semi-final . ''
Roma 's dismal start to the second half was compounded when Di Francesco was seen exchanging angry words with midfielders Radja Nainggolan and Kevin Strootman .
The head coach explained that his players had misconstrued his instructions , prompting them to set up in a different system .
`` There was a misunderstanding with the substitution , I asked them to play 4-3-3 and they played 4-2-3-1 , then they scored the fifth goal , proving details make the difference , '' he said .
`` What I did n't expect was to concede so many goals one after the other in second half . When you lose so many midfield duels , it 's hard to change the trend of the game .
`` We gave away too many balls , we worked on it and knew they were lethal on the break in that area . I changed things as we lost shape , too much space and needed vitality and another striker to try to play and hold up the ball more . ''
A Waffle House waitress in Georgia says she was fired for shooting her gun at three fleeing robbers .
Heather ( Shorty ) Burkinshaw-Stanley said she was only trying to defend herself and her co-workers , The Newnan Times-Herald reported Sunday .
“ I was in fear for my life , my co-workers ' lives , and I did what I thought was right , ” she told the paper .
Three men ate at Burkinshaw-Stanley 's Waffle House early Thursday . Instead of paying for their meal , the men gave the cashier a note threatening to shoot everyone if their demand for money from the register was n't met , the paper reported .
Police said they left after another waitress gave them $ 200 .
Burkinshaw-Stanley said her gun was in her car .
“ I safely fired a round in the air in an attempt to scare the robbers who were in the process of getting in their vehicle , not knowing if they were retrieving their weapon to return to the Waffle House , ” she said on GoFundMe . “ My shot must have gotten their attention as they rapidly drove off . ”
The paper reports that Burkinshaw-Stanley was told she was fired on Friday . She had worked at the Waffle House for two years .
A Waffle House spokesman declined to discuss the matter , the paper reported .
Burkinshaw-Stanley said she was seeking donations because she is raising three kids and her husband is disabled .
HuskerOnline.com Publisher Sean Callahan and Recruiting Analyst Nate Clouse answer all of your Nebraska football and recruiting related questions in our Live RSS Chat from 10:00-11:00 a.m .
* * * Click here to enter the Live Red Sea Scrolls Chat * * *
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
Tomorrow brings us the high-profile special congressional election in Georgia to fill the seat vacated by Republican HHS Secretary Tom Price . If no one gets more than 50 % of the vote in the 18-candidate field , the race heads to a June 20 runoff . Here are the answers to eight big questions about the race :
Can Democrat Jon Ossoff get 50 % -plus and avoid a runoff ?
Probably not , but he has a chance . The polls show Ossoff in the low-to mid-40s , but that percentage could grow if Democratic turnout is sky-high compared with GOP turnout .
Is Ossoff doomed if he ca n't crack 50 % tomorrow ?
Not at all . While Republicans ' odds of holding on to this seat increase in a two-person race , the polling — which has n't been of the greatest quality , mind you — shows Ossoff running competitively against the top-tier Republicans in a runoff . The nonpartisan Cook Political Report is designating the overall contest as a Toss Up .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Democrats See Opening in Georgia Special Election 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
How much is the race about Trump ?
Ossoff has definitely tried to make it about the president . `` When President Trump embarrasses our country or acts recklessly , I 'll hold him accountable , '' he has said in one of his ads . `` Donald Trump does n't represent our values , '' Rep. John Lewis says to the camera in another Ossoff ad .
Trump inserted himself in this race on Monday , tweeting : `` The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [ sic ] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! ''
Related : Trump Rips Top Democrat in Georgia Special Election
Republicans , meanwhile , first targeted Ossoff by resurfacing video of him drinking and acting out as Han Solo during his college days . Then they tied him Nancy Pelosi . And then they played the Osama bin Laden card in this video .
Is this district Trump country ?
No . And this is an important point if Ossoff wins ( either on April 18 or June 20 ) . Tom Price got 62 % of the vote in this highly educated and affluent Atlanta-area district in 2016 , and Mitt Romney took 61 % in 2012 . But Trump barely beat Hillary Clinton here in 2016 , 48 % -47 % , and that was on his best day of the general election .
Who are the top Republicans ?
They include former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel ( who has been the top Republican in most polls ) , former state Sen. Dan Moody ( who has been endorsed by U.S. Sen. David Perdue ) , and businessman Bob Gray ( whom the Club for Growth is backing ) .
How much national money is going into this one contest ?
About $ 14 million has been spent on advertising in this district by both sides . Ossoff himself raised at least $ 8.3 million for his run - an astounding sum for a House candidate - but he has also had to contend with the widely-publicized fact that just 5 % of those donations came from his home state .
What time do polling places close ?
Polls in Georgia close at 7:00 pm ET . There has been a sizable early vote in this race , and so early vote totals will probably show Ossoff with a significant early lead . The question is whether that holds up when Election Day totals come in .
How predictive are special elections for upcoming midterm elections ?
They are n't . While an Ossoff win would send shockwaves throughout Congress and open GOP eyes about the current political mood , special elections do n't predict how a later midterm cycle will turn out . Indeed , back in 2010 , Democrats won a highly contested special election to fill the seat of the late Rep. Jack Murtha ( D-PA ) . But that Democratic victory did n't stop the GOP from its huge midterm victories that year .
A search resumed Monday for 17 people reported missing after a ferry fire off the coast of Indonesia 's capital that left at least 23 dead , officials said .
The victims died Sunday when the vessel , Zahro Express , carrying more than 260 people from a port near Jakarta to Tidung , a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain , caught fire , officials said . Most of the passengers were Indonesians celebrating the New Year holiday , according to local media reports .
Dito , an official from the Jakarta Search and Rescue Agency , said at least five ships and a number of speedboats and rubber boats were deployed in the search .
Of the 224 passengers who were rescued , 32 were being treated at three hospitals , said Dito , who uses a single name .
Seply Madreta , an official from the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency , said the fire gutted about half the vessel , and that 23 bodies had been recovered .
Twenty bodies that were found inside the vessel were burned beyond recognition and were transferred to a police hospital for identification , said Col. Umar Shahab of the Jakarta police health department .
Witnesses told MetroTV that the fire broke out about 15 minutes after the ferry left the port of Muara Angke .
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear . Some passengers told local media that they first saw smoke coming from the ferry 's engine .
The director for sea transportation , Tonny Budiono , said the initial suspicion was that the fire was “ most probably caused by a short circuit in the engine room . ”
He told a news conference the short circuit might have led to the fuel tank exploding .
TV footage showed people in the water with the ferry in flames in the background . A woman in the water can be heard screaming “ Ya Allah ! Ya Allah ! ” or “ Oh God ! Oh God ! ”
Another woman told the TV station that she and other passengers were rescued by a small boat .
Despite the high number of people who were rescued , the ferry 's manifest showed that only 100 were registered as passengers , along with six crewmen , said Denny Wahyu Haryanto , head of the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency . He said the vessel 's captain was under police investigation over the incident .
Ferry accidents are common in Indonesia , the world 's largest archipelagic nation , with more than 17,000 islands . Many accidents are blamed on lax regulation of boat services .
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
Dom Manfredi should discover as early as today the extent of a knee injury which cut short his comeback .
The winger failed to finish his first game since suffering a serious knee injury 12 months .
We 're not jumping to any conclusions , we 're not going to try and second-guess what it might be until he 's had it scanned Shaun Wane
Playing for the reserves on Saturday , he “ felt something ” in the joint and left the action .
The 23-year-old will have it scanned early this week and coach Shaun Wane is hoping it is n't a serious problem .
Wane said : “ Dom pulled up , he felt something in his knee and came off .
“ We 're not jumping to any conclusions , we 're not going to try and second-guess what it might be until he 's had it scanned .
“ It could be something or nothing . ”
Manfredi was due to have it scanned today , as long as the swelling as eased .
Either way , it would appear to rule the winger - a member of last year 's Super League Dream Team - out of the Wembley frame .
Wigan face Salford this Friday before turning their attention to the Challenge Cup Final .
St Helens reserves won Saturday 's match at Langtree Park by 40-30 .
Wigan 's side featured first-team players such as Jack Wells , Liam Forsyth , Liam Marshall , Nick Gregson and Joe Bretherton , and Wane was far from impressed with their performance .
“ The team we had out should n't have lost , ” he said . “ There were some good individual performances but overall , we did n't do enough . ”
He picked out prop Ollie Partington , a former Orrell St James junior , and towering forward Sammy Kibula for praise .
PARIS ( AP ) — A quick look at the French Open :
LOOKAHEAD TO THURSDAY
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal is back on court as he resumes his bid for a record-extending 11th title at the French Open against Guido Pella in the second round . After a straight-sets win in her first Grand Slam match following maternity leave , Serena Williams faces a tougher test on center court against 17th-seeded Ash Barty of Australia in another second-round match . Serena won their previous encounter , but that was in a completely different context four years ago at the Australian Open . Two-time winner Maria Sharapova is also in action against Donna Vekic of Croatia . The Russian has never lost a second-round match in Paris .
THURSDAY 'S FORECAST
Sunny spells with a risk of storms . High of 74 degrees ( 23 Celsius ) .
WEDNESDAY 'S WEATHER
Sunny . High of 77 degrees ( 25 Celsius ) .
WEDNESDAY 'S WINNERS
Seeded winners in the men 's second round : No . 2 Alexander Zverev , No . 4 Grigor Dimitrov , No . 8 David Goffin , No . 10 Pablo Carreno Busta , No . 13 Roberto Bautista Agut , No . 19 Kei Nishikori , No . 20 Novak Djokovic , No . 26 Damir Dzumhur No . 30 Fernando Verdasco , No . 32 Gael Monfils .
Seeded winners in the women 's first round : No . 1 Simona Halep .
Seeded winners in the women 's second round : No . 2 Caroline Wozniacki , No . 4 Elina Svitolina , No . 8 Petra Kvitova , No . 10 Sloane Stephens , No . 13 Madison Keys , No . 14 Daria Kasatkina , No . 21 Naomi Osaka , No . 25 Anett Kontaveit , No . 26 Barbora Strycova , No . 31 Mihaela Buzarnescu .
WEDNESDAY 'S LOSERS
Seeded losers in the men 's first round : No . 17 Tomas Berdych .
Seeded losers in the men 's second round : No . 12 Sam Querrey .
Seeded losers in the women 's second round : No . 23 Carla Suarez Navarro , No . 32 Alize Cornet .
STAT OF THE DAY
25 — The number of points dropped by second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki in her 6-1 , 6-0 win over Georgina Garcia Perez .
QUOTE OF THE DAY
`` She 's the greatest female athlete of all time , probably , and she keeps on coming back and inspiring everyone . '' — Djokovic , talking about Serena Williams .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Between the day it opened in November 1962 and the day it shut for refurbishment in July 2016 , millions of people will have been to see a show at Fairfield Halls .
The iconic venue has played host to some of the biggest names in the world , including The Beatles , Elton John , Pink Floyd , The Who and David Bowie over the course of six decades .
But many will have graced the halls without knowing much about its fascinating history .
We take a look at how it came to be , and how it came to be named Fairfield Halls .
What 's in a name ?
The building is named , quite simply , after the plot of land it is built on as it is where Croydon 's historic fairs were held for centuries .
The fairs , which would have seen farmers and traders flock from across the south east to flog their wares , are thought to have been held at the site for more than 500 years .
Having started life as a small-scale Roman settlement , Croydon began to grow into a market town in the 13th century after Robert Kilwardby , the Archbishop of Canterbury , acquired a charter for a weekly market in 1276 .
( Image : David Isted/Museum of Croydon )
The market , now known as Surrey Street Market , is still thriving today and operates six days a week .
But according to Croydon historian John Hickman , who lives in South Norwood , the fairs on Fair Field existed long before this .
`` Fairs were a staple in Croydon , dating back hundreds of years - most certainly to before the market , '' he said .
`` Croydon was known as a town for fairs and there have been hundreds of resident fairs in its history . ''
End of an era
The fairs on Fair Field were brought to an end in the 1860s , when work to build Croydon Central Station , on the site of what is now Queen 's Gardens and the Town Hall , began .
The station closed in 1890 as it was found to be unprofitable , and demolished shortly .
The short section from the main line as far as Park Lane remained in use as `` Fairfield Yard '' - an engineer 's yard - until the 1930s .
The land was then bulldozed and turned into a car park but , when the Second World War broke out in 1939 , air raid shelters were built beneath it .
Plans to build a new civic centre on the site were discussed in the late 1930s , after the land was purchased by the Croydon Corporation - but were put on hold when the war began .
As work to regenerate the borough after the war began , Fairfield Halls was designed by Robert Atkinson & Partners , to be built in the style of the Royal Festival Hall , at the Southbank Centre in central London .
Royal guest
The Queen Mother attended the opening concert , which was given on November 2 , 1962 by classical musician Yehudi Menuhin .
In the 60s and 70s , as part of the regular star-studded line-up , Fairfield welcomed the likes of Duke Ellington , Ella Fitzgerald , Count Basie , Dizzy Gillespie , Sarah Vaughan , Woody Herman , Stan Kenton , Buddy Rich and many more .
The venue closed for a £30 million refurbishment in July 2016 and is due to re-open `` by the end of this year '' , according to Croydon Council .
Beyonce stunned us at the Grammys with a killer performance , but someone leaked her raw vocals ! Was she singing LIVE ? ?
Showbiz Shelly is the entertainment reporter and co-host for The J Show on B96 Radio ( 96.3 FM ) . At 7:15 am , every weekday morning she also takes on listeners in a pop culture quiz : The Showbiz Shelly Smackdown . ...
TORONTO — Despite watching his team win 7-2 in Winnipeg to kick off the season , Mike Babcock wants to see improvements in Saturday 's home opener against the New York Rangers .
The Maple Leafs coach reeled off how many penalties Toronto took Wednesday night , making for a rocky opening against the Jets .
Babcock wants to see what he calls a commitment to doing things right .
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr .
The Rangers lost their home opener 4-2 on Thursday to Colorado despite outshooting the Avalanche 39-26 .
App Attack is a weekly series where we search the App Store and Google Play Store for the best apps of the week . Check out App Attack every Sunday for the latest .
If you were to ask GoPro 's CEO and founder , Nicholas Woodman , what his company makes , cameras wo n't be the first thing he mentions . Instead , what he might tell you is how GoPro makes tools that enable users to become storytellers . On paper , that may sound like the words of a great marketer , but in person he sounds genuinely sincere . And the latest update to the GoPro Quik app demonstrates that vision .
Available for iOS and Android , Quik is a video editor that lets you create a polished video , with titles , transitions , music , and more , in a matter of minutes . Although GoPro acquired the app in 2016 ( formerly called Replay ) , Quik works with any type of video , whether it was shot with a Hero camera or a smartphone . It remains one of our favorite video apps to this day , and it 's getting better .
What 's new is a tighter integration with GoPro 's Hero5-series cameras , which includes the Hero5 Black and Hero5 Session . A new feature , called QuikStories , automatically pulls new content from a Hero5 camera , which it then assembles into a short video that looks like you spent hours editing . Even though Quik has always been easy to use , prior to QuikStories , you needed to devote some time to editing content .
QuikStories is available now ( just download Quik , or update an existing version ) , but we 've had some time to beta test the feature prior to release . Here 's how it works : After you pair a Hero5 camera to a phone ( hands down , it 's still one of the easiest implementations we 've seen from a camera maker ) with the GoPro app , you can activate QuikStories by pulling down the homepage — it begins transferring recently saved images and videos ( unless you tell it not to ) . The content is deleted after a week , so it does n't hog up your phone 's storage .
Afterward , the GoPro app will notify you when the content has transferred and your QuikStory is ready ; the GoPro app kicks the project over to the Quik app for edit or upload . You can add it to an existing project , or start a new story . All the footage is automatically assembled into a video , using time and date info to create a linear sequence of events .
But it 's not simply joining things together : An algorithm looks for notable things to include , like moments the user has tagged ( called HiLight Tags ) or a change in action ( for example , a crash during a bike ride ) , while shortening scenes that may not be as important . Quik also adds transitions , and sets the video to match the audio track . In the duration menu , you can even adjust the length of the video that 's perfect for Instagram , and Quik ensures that the music and video does n't end abruptly . Once it 's done , you can share it to social media .
Of course , the video is n't perfect , but the beauty is that QuikStories has done about 60-percent of the editing work for you . You can then fine-tune the edits : Switch to a different soundtrack , add in a moment you want to show , reposition clips , add titles , speed up a video , and more . Since Quik is n't restricted to video from a GoPro camera , you can add footage from you smartphone 's camera roll . You can spend a few minutes or an hour crafting your video , but we spent about 20 minutes editing a video that was compiled from an hour 's worth of clips we shot with a Hero5 Black , before uploading it to Instagram ( see below ) — something that would have taken much longer before .
There are a few downsides . Currently , QuikStories only works with GoPro Hero5 models ( you will also need to update the firmware and unlock the GPS functions , which helps the algorithm better detect interesting moments ) . We also found that it works better with short clips — and we mean short , like five-to-ten seconds each . Longer clips can take seemingly forever to transfer ( for very long clips , it 's best to do it overnight , and with the camera plugged in ; QuikStories wo n't activate unless there is sufficient charge ) , and the resulting video is n't necessarily better than one made with shorter clips . Because QuikStories is pulling all content , it will eat into your phone 's storage .
Some users might not like having to use two different apps ( GoPro and Quik ) . While the GoPro app is designed specifically for GoPro cameras , the Quik app , as mentioned , can be used for video from other sources , so we understand the separation . Maybe in the future GoPro will merge features into a single app , but for now , it is what it is . Despite the complaints , the app is stable and easy to use ( both iOS and Android versions are nearly identical in function ) . We did n't encounter any major bugs during beta testing .
But what we like most about QuikStories is that it addresses a common problem : Large-capacity memory cards make it easy to shoot a lot of content , but most of us leave them sitting on said cards — turning them into digital media moratoriums . It does n't matter how great the Hero5 Black is if you never offload and share the content . We admit , we are just as guilty : Unless we are shooting with purpose , most of our casual GoPro clips are often unused or shared . We would miss out on sharing fun moments to social media , like this one below .
My # quikstory of day at # GoProMtnGames . Made with beta @ GoPro n Quik apps . Auto download , quick n easy storytelling . I fall into creek ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/f70jYxOuoy — Les Shu ( @ DT_Les ) June 9 , 2017
Another problem QuikStories deals with is the laborious effort required to edit content , especially on a mobile device . By doing most of the legwork , a user is more likely to share that content — the piece of the storytelling puzzle that GoPro wants to fill . We think QuikStories will become even more important when the Fusion 360-degree camera goes on sale , as 360-degree content is notorious for being difficult to edit and share . And because GoPro sees itself as a content creation company — not just hardware — we hope to see the automated QuikStories support non-Hero cameras , particular footage shot with smartphones .
In a Q & A session during the GoPro Mountain Games in Vail , Colorado , Woodman explained why QuikStories and the Quik app are important . In the past , video editing involved the camera and a desktop . Today , that has shifted from cameras to mobile devices , and Hero cameras are extensions to smartphones ( in fact , Quik now comes preinstalled on the Huawei P10 ) . With social networks like YouTube , Facebook , and Instagram , we now have more places to share content . GoPro cameras help you capture your stories , while the Quik app helps you tell them .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
JERUSALEM — Israel is preparing to extradite a 63-year-old citizen to the United States , where he is wanted on suspicion of killing his mother .
The state prosecution says Monday it has asked the court to declare Thomas Joseph Gross fit for extradition . The American extradition request says Gross travelled to Florida in 2012 to visit his mother . The night before his return to Israel he allegedly drugged her and stabbed her to death in her car outside her Lakewood Ranch home . The next morning he called 911 , saying he had found her body , and tried to portray the scene as a suicide or robbery gone wrong .
Gross ' Israeli lawyer says he was previously questioned and released by authorities and the extradition is a shaming attempt by his sister over an inheritance battle .
Pranee Chaiyadam/Shutterstock
When your alarm clock goes off and your eyes snap open , what 's the first thing on your mind ? Do you calculate how long you can hit snooze ? Are you already going over the day 's to-do list ? Mindlessly checking your phone ?
If any or all of these morning habits sound familiar , you 're definitely not alone . As a matter of fact , 60 percent of people check their phones immediately when they wake up , according to a 2015 survey . Not only should you stop using your smartphone in bed—seriously—but these mind-numbing routines are among what you 'll regret most in life . So why not take a different approach ?
In a commencement speech at Stanford University in 2005 , Steve Jobs advised his audience to start each morning with one specific sentence . Doing so , he said , will change the way we approach our day-to-day lives . Jobs got the idea after reading a quote about death when he was 17 . From then on , he started each morning by looking in the mirror and asking , “ If today were the last day of my life , would I want to do what I 'm about to do today ? ”
Now , try it for yourself . Asking yourself this powerful question every day requires you to deeply consider what you do on a daily basis—and if you find fulfillment in it . It can also help you narrow down your tasks to the essential ones . Instead of wasting time with mindless activities like browsing the Internet , you 'll start filling your days with more satisfying things , such as spending time with family and friends . ( By the way , these two ages will be the happiest years of your life . ) Plus , you 'll stop worrying about what other people think of you ; your energy and focus should be elsewhere , like improving yourself , reaching your goals , and making an impact on the world .
Now that you have made a habit of asking this one simple question every morning , congratulations ! You 're one step closer finding the secret to living a fulfilling life .
Source : Inc.com
A Charlotte man police say beat his girlfriend 's 5-year-old daughter in the face , head and body has been charged with felony child abuse and neglect , police and court records show .
David Austin Redmon , 22 , of Charlotte , was arrested Tuesday after an investigation into allegations by the child and her mother , according to jail and police reports from the York County Sheriff 's Office .
The child was found beaten and bruised on her face , head , neck , chest and shoulder earlier this month , police said . Officers also found blood stains where the child had slept , officers said .
Police described the bruises to child 's face and head as `` numerous . ''
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The child was transported to Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte on May 11 because of the severity of her injuries . Her current condition was unavailable .
Police reports from the May 11 incident , which happened in western York County near Clover , identify Redmon as the `` live-in boyfriend '' of the child 's mother .
Officers located Redmon in Charlotte on May 23 and arrested him . He was brought back to York County to face charges , York County deputies said .
Redmon remained jailed Wednesday at the York County jail under a $ 30,000 bond , records show .
Andrew Dys : 803-329-4065 , @ AndrewDysHerald
Monday 's Gold Box deals from Amazon include a stylish yet powerful HP desktop , a handy GPS system with free lifetime map updates , and a midsize LED TV that fits easily in any room . Score savings up to $ 133 and discounts as deep as 47 percent . Read on to browse Amazon 's best tech deals of the day .
HP 20 AIO 19.5-Inch HD+ LED Desktop
Apple products are known for being as stylish as they are functional . Now , other manufacturers have followed Apple 's lead with products such as this HP 20 AIO 19.5-Inch HD+ LED Desktop , which is currently 27 percent off on Amazon today only . The desktop has a clean white exterior with a stylish stand and packs a 1 TB hard drive , AMD Radeon R2 Graphics , and more .
This desktop is certified refurbished , but do n't let that deter you — refurbished products endure extra testing for functionality , basic cleaning , inspection , and repackaging to make sure everything works just like new .
The desktop 's 19.5-inch HD+ LED display with 1600 x 900 pixel resolution showcases impressive color and clarity . With dual core processing , the AMD E2 APU handles the graphics to optimize everything from normal browsing to your most power-hungry programs . The 4 GB memory provides high-bandwidth RAM to run multiple applications and browsers at once , while the 1 TB hard drive enables rapid read and write times for large files and complex applications .
This certified refurbished HP 20 AIO 19.5-Inch HD+ LED Desktop normally retails for $ 449 but today only is discounted to just $ 316 on Amazon , providing a savings of $ 133 ( 30 percent ) .
Buy now on Amazon for $ 316
Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System
Before you dismiss GPS systems as completely outdated , consider how you 'd find your way around without cell service . A GPS system makes an excellent gift for everyone from dads to grads , which is why we love this Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System , which is currently 47 percent off on Amazon today only .
The Nuvi 57LM features a sleek , stylish , and bright , five-inch dual-orientation display . The GPS has Garmin Real Directions to guide you using recognizable landmarks , buildings , and traffic lights . Easily discover nearby spots for food and gas without turning off the map by using the Up Ahead feature , while enjoying lifetime map updates ( which normally will cost around $ 100 as an add-on ) .
The GPS provides easy directions — including a Lane Assist with Junction View feature to display upcoming junctions — and uses brightly colored arrows to indicate your proper lan . Enjoy the convenience of always knowing your speed and speed limits , including school zone warnings that modify the screen color to reflect lower speed limits .
The Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System with included lifetime map updates normally retails for $ 150 but is available today only for only $ 80 on Amazon , providing a $ 70 ( 47 percent ) discount .
Buy now on Amazon for $ 80
TCL 32D2700 32-Inch 720p LED TV
A midsize TV for your bedroom or office without spending a fortune ? It 's possible with this TCL 32D2700 32-Inch 720p LED TV deal , which reduces the price to only $ 140 on Amazon for a limited time . This TV provides premium picture quality and a sophisticated design perfect for bringing entertainment to any room in the house .
This TCL model is a flat-screen LED HDTV with high -efinition resolution for excellent color and contrast , and direct LED backlighting for darker blacks and luminous brightness . HP 720 resolution gives you two times the standard resolution for a crystal-clear picture , and features TCL True Color to offer the latest-generation dimensional sorting and color processing .
The TV has a sleek and sophisticated design with a slim frame and stylish quad pedestal , and the ultra-thin bezel allows the TV to fit more screen into less space , meaning you not only maximize your entertainment space but can also easily mount the device to a wall .
This TCL 32D2700 32-Inch 720p LED TV regularly retails for $ 230 but is currently available for only $ 140 on Amazon , saving you $ 90 ( 39 percent ) .
Buy now from Amazon for $ 140
Suburban apartments are popping up
11030 David Taylor Drive is currently an undeveloped field off West Mallard Creek Church Road but is one of several locations where developers are planning big new , suburban apartment complexes . Even as attention focuses on the high profile sites next to the light rail and uptown office towers , developers are turning their focus to the suburbs , where there 's cheaper land and plenty of demand .
Get the Think newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
The United States is in the midst of an extraordinary public health crisis due to drug overdoses . There were nearly 64,000 overdose deaths in 2016 , mostly due to opioids ; that is more than the number of homicides by firearms and deaths in automobile crashes combined . The overdose epidemic is overwhelming every aspect of the nation 's health care system from emergency medical services to the coroner 's office .
In the midst of this unprecedented crisis , President Trump is proposing a broad new law enforcement policy that will include the death penalty for some drug dealers . Though the president has heralded the policies of the Philippines and Singapore , which execute drug dealers ( and , in the case of the Philippines , sometimes do so extrajudicially ) , White House staff said on Sunday that “ The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when appropriate under current law . ”
But there is zero evidence that this would be a good social policy .
The risk of arrest , a trial in which the death penalty is on the table and an eventual execution would hardly be a major worry to someone who faces death on a daily basis .
The street-level dealers , the ones who actually hand over the drugs in exchange for cash , already lead dangerous lives . They often carry weapons ; they face the daily risk of injury or death from rival drug dealers , desperate customers , and encounters with law enforcement . The risk of arrest , a trial in which the death penalty is on the table and an eventual execution would hardly be a major worry to someone who faces death on a daily basis .
And heroin dealing works on a hierarchical business model : Street level dealers are supplied through intermediaries , who receive heroin through a complex supply chain run by kingpins who may not even reside in the United States . Street level dealers are essentially entry level employees of large illicit businesses : They are infinitely replaceable . Every drug dealer taken off the streets is immediately replaced . Even large-scale law enforcement operations that remove caches of drugs and “ middlemen ” have little impact on the flow of drugs and the rate of overdose deaths .
Plus , few peer-reviewed , credible studies actually support the thesis that the death penalty actually works as a deterrent for any future crime , let alone a drug dealing crime . This is one of the reasons that both death sentences and executions in the United States have been declining for nearly two decades .
Plus , few peer-reviewed , credible studies actually support the thesis that the death penalty actually works as a deterrent for any future crime , let alone a drug dealing crime .
There are other reasons as well . The litigation costs for a capital murder trial are so high that rural communities ( which have been hard hit by the opioid crisis ) can hardly afford to prosecute one , let alone many . The application of capital punishment has been fraught by racial biases . Lethal injection — the technique used in 98 % of executions , which requires the intravenous injection large doses of various drugs — has failed on several occasions in recent years .
The opioid epidemic is a public health emergency and requires a public health response . The response must include not only legislation , but also funding of prevention and an expansion of treatment programs . ( The proposal reportedly will seek money for an advertising campaign designed with the input of President and Melania Trump , and ask Congress to pass legislation to allow Medicaid to cover residential treatment for opioid addiction , but much of the proposal related to increasing law enforcement resources . )
To the extent that President Trump seeks to punish those individuals who saturated our country with narcotics , it is worth pointing out that the sharp rise in heroin use was preceded by a long , national campaign by the pharmaceutical industry to increase prescription narcotic use for treatment of a multitude of chronic and acute pain disorders . I doubt that President Trump , a lifelong , enthusiastic supporter of capital punishment , will seek to prosecute or execute any pharmaceutical sales representatives or executives .
I doubt that President Trump , a lifelong , enthusiastic supporter of capital punishment , will seek to prosecute or execute any pharmaceutical sales representatives or executives .
The president 's proposal is ultimately nothing more than a distraction . Tackling the drug overdose crisis will require a major investment in public health infrastructure in the United States , where 175 people are dying of drug overdoses every day . An estimated 15 to 20 people died while I was writing this opinion piece . A young man overdosed and died in my neighborhood three weeks ago .
“ Death penalty for drug dealers ” is a good sound bite , but an expensive and ineffective policy for the most severe epidemic to affect our country in a generation .
Jonathan I. Groner , MD is a practicing pediatric surgeon and a Professor of Surgery at The Ohio State University College of Medicine . He has written extensively about the ethics of health care professional participation in capital punishment in the United States , and has provided expert testimony about lethal injection executions in several civil cases .
The relatives of Clifton Harris , a man who was assaulted and left in a vegetative state at the Sacramento County Main Jail , are fighting an effort by the county to stop caring for him by releasing him from custody . They also want to know how he was injured .
MELBOURNE , Australia ( AP ) Sandy Brondello has been hired as head coach of the Australian Opals in a deal that will allow the three-time Olympic medalist to combine her international duties with her coaching role at Phoenix Mercury in the WNBA .
Basketball Australia announced the deal Tuesday , saying the signing marked the start of the road to the Olympics at Tokyo in 2020 .
Brondello , who started her international playing career as a teenager and played 302 games for the Australian women 's team , has four seasons of experience as a head coach in the WNBA and led the Mercury to the championship in 2014 , when she was voted the league 's coach of the year .
She will start with the Opals on May 1 , two days before the squad gathers in Phoenix for a camp .
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW TODAY
Attorney General Jeff Sessions joined `` Good Morning America '' today and said the fatal Charlottesville , Virginia , car crash `` does meet the definition '' of domestic terrorism . `` This is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America , '' Sessions said .
The talk of the town today : Why is n't President Trump explicitly condemning white supremacy and extremist groups himself after the deadly protests in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend ?
Trump returns to Washington , D.C. , to sign a memorandum directing the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to consider investigating China 's intellectual property practices .
Trump gets some face time with chief of staff John Kelly and meets with his National Economic Council before heading to New York City to work out of Trump Tower .
This still happening ? Trump announced Friday he 'll hold a `` pretty big press conference '' today but such a news conference is n't listed on his public schedule .
America 's top general , Joseph Dunford , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , heads to South Korea amid the growing threat from North Korea and after President Trump 's tweet that military solutions to deal with North Korea are `` locked and loaded . ''
THE TAKE with ABC News ' MaryAlice Parks
The White House over the weekend said the president condemned all forms of bigotry , which obviously included white supremacy and neo-Nazism . Words matter and many Americans only heard resounding silence and vagueness from their commander in chief . This is a president known for direct and specific judgment of others , who criticized his predecessor for not naming another form of extremism explicitly enough . These facts made the president 's ambiguous response to the hatred and violence in Charlottesville all the more shocking and disappointing to members of his own party . Given his past statements about minorities and white nationalists ' seemingly unequivocal support of him , some will now rightly question whether the president 's hazy comments were not simply tone-deaf but calculating . Racist hate groups clearly feel emboldened in the country today and will continue to unless leaders put an end to it . It is too easy to say this president ceded moral authority . As the president , he always influences the country when he speaks . He chooses whom to empower . The president could still act by devoting law enforcement resources to countering white extremist groups or further disassociating himself from supporters and advisers sympathetic to white nationalists .
QUOTE OF THE DAY
`` We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo-Nazis or the KKK . '' -- Vice President Mike Pence
NEED TO READ with ABC News ' Daksha Sthipam
Scaramucci : Bannon 's `` toleration '' of white nationalism is `` inexcusable . '' Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci Sunday hit at White House strategist Steve Bannon for his controversial views , a day after the violent white nationalist rally in Charlottesville . When asked whether he thought Bannon was a white supremacist or a white nationalist , Scaramucci said the toleration of white supremacy by Bannon is `` inexcusable . '' http : //abcn.ws/2uCGy0A
Any attack to incite fear `` is terrorism '' : Trump 's national security adviser on Charlottesville . President Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , appeared to go further than the president by suggesting that the car-ramming in Charlottesville , Virginia , that left a woman dead Saturday may be domestic terrorism . `` Anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it meets the definition of terrorism , '' McMaster said on `` This Week '' . http : //abcn.ws/2wHS6AX
White House says Trump `` condemns '' white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups . A White House said Sunday that President Donald Trump `` condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred , '' including white supremacy in the wake of the violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , Saturday . The new statement Sunday came a day after the president was widely criticized for not explicitly condemning white supremacy . http : //abcn.ws/2uAlLi0
North Korea warns Trump to `` talk and act properly . '' The war of words between the U.S. and North Korea continued on Saturday . `` If the Trump administration does not want the American empire to meet its tragic doom in its tenure , they had better talk and act properly , '' North Korea said in a statement distributed through state-run media , where it also called the unrest a `` tragicomedy in the making . '' http : //abcn.ws/2vqV0eC
`` We 're holding Pyongyang to account . '' Op-ed from Defense Secretary James Mattis and Rex Tillerson . The Wall Street Journal
Trump 's campaign releases abrasive ad a day after he called for national unity . New York Magazine
The Note is a daily ABC News feature that highlights the key political moments of the day ahead . Please check back tomorrow for the latest .
Well its everyone 's favorite time of year , discounted candy time ! Those precious days following the big candy holidays are where the real magic is for a lot of the grown ups . If you 're tired of eating the same old Easter candy perhaps you 'd like to try a new spin on a classic .
Oreos have tried out tons of flavors so far and it seems like it was only a matter of time before they teamed up with Peeps marshmallow candies , right ? Well either way we decided to give them a go on the morning show ! Definitely different , and if you 're a fan of the Peeps , this is something you 're gon na want to try too !
In this June 23 , 2015 , file photo , Donnie Wahlberg , from left , Paul Wahlberg and Mark Wahlberg attend the Wahlburgers Coney Island preview party in New York . The restaurant started by the brothers , Wahlburgers , is opening next year in south Charlotte . Andy Kropa AP
Virginia associate head coach Ron Sanchez is set to become head basketball coach of the Charlotte 49ers , the Observer has confirmed . University of Virginia
Have your say
Firefighters extinguished a blaze which engulfed a tractor and baler in a field in Langham .
Two crews from Bury St Edmunds and Elmswell used two hose reel jets to extinguish the fire .
Firefighters extinguished a blaze which engulfed a tractor in a field in Langham . Picture courtesy of James Catton .
The fire service was called at 12.52pm and the incident was under control by 1.53pm .
No-one was injured in the incident .
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court appeared divided Tuesday over Texas ' appeal to preserve congressional and legislative districts that a lower court struck down as racially discriminatory .
The justices heard arguments in the latest round of court action over Texas electoral districts that began in 2011 .
At issue are two congressional districts and statehouse districts in four counties , and what the challengers say are efforts by Texas Republicans who control the state government to restrain the political influence of a growing Hispanic and African-American population .
The liberal justices seemed favourable to minority voters and civil rights groups that sued over the districts . The court 's conservatives appeared to lean toward the state , which also has the support of the Trump administration . Justice Anthony Kennedy said nothing to indicate where his potentially decisive vote would fall .
The justices last year kept the challenged districts in place , even after the lower court ruling . Texas held primary elections in those districts in March .
Max Renea , Hicks , a lawyer for the plaintiffs told the justices Tuesday that even if his side wins at the high court , it is unlikely that new districts would be used before the 2020 elections , the last voting cycle before the next census .
The case is the third major dispute this term that is focused on redistricting , the drawing of electoral maps following the once-a-decade census . The high court 's other cases , from Maryland and Wisconsin , focus on the drawing of political districts for partisan advantage .
The Texas situation is unusual . Based on the 2010 census , Texas was awarded four new congressional districts , attributable mainly to the influx of Hispanics .
After the state 's original electoral maps were found to be probably unconstitutional , a three-judge federal court produced interim districting plans that were used in the 2012 elections .
In 2013 , Republicans rushed to permanently adopt those maps to use for the rest of the decade .
But opponents criticized the adopted maps as a quick fix that did n't purge all districts of the impermissible use of race .
In 2017 , the same judges who approved the interim maps in 2012 agreed with the challengers that the maps were the product of intentional discrimination .
Scott Keller , the Texas solicitor general who urged the court to reverse the 2017 ruling , said it is unfair to punish the state for adopting districts the federal judges themselves had agreed could be used . “ This was not the legislature trying to pull a fast one on anyone , ” Keller said .
Justice Department lawyer Edwin Kneedler backed Keller up . Kneedler said Texas should be commended for trying to end the litigation “ so the state could move on . ”
Chief Justice John Roberts suggested that was a reasonable approach . If a state was looking for a way out of a lawsuit with districts that would withstand judicial scrutiny , “ would n't you take a plan the district court drafted ? ”
Hicks said Texas Republicans acted because they were happy with the results of the 2012 election . “ What it had intended to do had in fact happened , ” Hicks said .
The liberal justices also spent a lot of time discussing whether the court had intervened in the case too early . That could allow the court to avoid some of the potentially difficult issues about racial discrimination .
Featured Photo | See ABOVE PICTURE CAPTION : ( A . ) A groundbreaking took place Tuesday , Feb. 7 , for the Fannin County school system 's future ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
February is on track to be one of the warmest if not the warmest Februaries on record . In keeping with higher temperatures many flowers and trees , like Bradford Pear trees , are in full bloom . The weather forecast for the March 1st calls for a chan
MISSOULA , Mont . — Wildlife officials in Montana have found a new home in Canada for three grizzly bear cubs that were orphaned in June when their mother was killed by a vehicle .
Montana Fish , Wildlife and Parks announced plans on Tuesday to send the cubs to Zoo Sauvage de Saint-Felicien in Quebec .
The Missoulian newspaper reports that the cubs have been at a Helena wildlife rehabilitation centre since being captured in early June .
Authorities have been searching for a new home for the cubs since , hoping to avoid euthanizing them .
A company which sells DirecTV and CenturyLink Internet door-to-door is clearing up some recent confusion about door-to-door sales efforts in Rock Springs .
Clear Home Inc. , also called Now Communications , is currently in the Rock Springs area with three door-to-door salesmen who are selling services for DirecTV and CenturyLink .
Recent reports of salespeople posing as employees of a local cable provider may have stemmed from confusion about these salesmen .
Clear Home Inc. has the proper permit to sell door-to-door in Rock Springs , and the Police Department is aware that they are in the area legally going door-to-door . The City Clerk 's Office has confirmed that Clear Home Inc. has a proper permit for door-to-door sales .
Per Rock Springs ordinance , the three men in the area for Clear Home Inc. each have a copy of the permit and will show it to customers upon request .
Eric Chadderdon , Regional Manager for Clear Home Inc. , said the group plans to stay in the area until approximately October 13th .
The salesmen are traveling in a White Toyota Tacoma pickup with Colorado license plates .
Anyone with questions as to the legitimacy of door-to-door salespeople in their area can ask to view the city permit , which legitimate operations must show upon request .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
Better clear the junk out of your trunk : Amazon is now offering delivery service to your car .
The online retailer on Tuesday introduced Amazon Key In-Car , a delivery service that drops off packages into people 's cars without the need for the owners to be present .
The new delivery option is free for Amazon Prime members and available immediately in 37 cities across the U.S. , with more cities rolling out over time .
The service is an extension of Amazon Key , which Amazon introduced last November as a way for delivery people to enter customers ' homes using keyless access . The program has received mixed reviews , with some touting it as a solution to package thefts from porches and others seeing it as an invasion of privacy .
With Amazon Key In-Car , customers with compatible vehicles download the Amazon Key App , then link their Amazon account to it . They select the `` in-car '' delivery option at checkout , and get notifications from the app once their package has been delivered .
Amazon tried the program out on a select number of customers , who beamed while sharing their experience in an Amazon-produced YouTube video Tuesday morning .
`` Woohoo ! All my packages are here , '' said one woman , opening her trunk to reveal three boxes neatly stacked inside . She described herself as a busy stay-at-home mom who frequently gets packages from Amazon and said this enabled her to receive them without worrying about her kids getting woken up from their naps .
Another customer said it helped him keep personal and business orders separate by giving him another delivery site .
But not everyone welcomed the idea .
`` Oh god , no , '' read the top comment on Amazon 's YouTube video Tuesday morning . The next comment simply said : `` Wtf . ''
The cars must be parked in a publicly accessible location in order to receive packages , which will be placed either in the trunk or inside the car itself .
Some customers were skeptical .
`` Amazon ca n't find my 3-story building and type in a key code . How do they expect to find and unlock the trunk of my car ? '' tweeted one person .
The service is available for compatible vehicles from Chevrolet , Buick , GMC or Cadillac with an active OnStar account no older than 2015 , as well as customers with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account , according to Amazon . More models and makes will be added over time .
It is n't Amazon 's first alternative delivery site . The company also ships to Amazon Lockers , which are private kiosks at more than 2,000 locations across the U.S .
Amazon said the response to Amazon Key features for homes , like the keyless guest access and customers being able to monitor front doors remotely , prompted them to add in-car delivery .
`` In-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the Amazon experience with them , '' Peter Larsen , Amazon 's vice president of delivery technology , said in a statement .
`` There is no definitive answer as to what they will find , but it does get harder with time , '' said Daryl G. Kimball , executive director of the Arms Control Association , a nonpartisan research group . `` All signs most likely point to chlorine , which is more soluble , so it 's possible there may be less evidence in the soil after delay . ''
`` It is more difficult with 12 days passing to investigate , which is why Syria made it more difficult to gain access sooner , '' he said .
The U.S. has blood and urine samples that have been tested , and the samples suggested the presence of both chlorine gas and an unnamed nerve agent , two U.S. officials familiar with the intelligence told NBC News in the week after the suspected attack .
The team from the OPCW had been delayed in accessing the site . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert last week accused the Syrian government and Russian officials of preventing inspections and working to `` sanitize '' the locations and remove evidence .
But if nerve agents were used , those substances `` can stay for a long time , '' said Dr. Homer Venters , director of programs for Physicians for Human Rights , a U.S. nonprofit advocacy group .
He said that when the organization went into Halabja , Iraq , in 1992 , years after a suspected chemical weapons attack in 1988 , samples still showed evidence of a gas attack on Kurdish villages .
`` It is unlikely that all traces of evidence could be removed , but it could be tampered with , '' Venters said . `` It is possible to try and sanitize by removing evidence . ''
Olympia beer 's Facebook page includes a photo of actor Clint Eastwood drinking a can of the beer . A new lawsuit questions where the brewery 's water comes from . Screen grab from Facebook
Want to serve a fancy roast for Christmas dinner without breaking the bank ? Try a petite beef filet . Cut from the shoulder , long and thin , and weighing between 8-10 ounces , the petite filet looks like a mini tenderloin of beef — one of the priciest and most popular of roasts . But it 's much less expensive and more flavourful than the tenderloin . And tender , too .
Here we 've rolled it up and stuffed it with prosciutto , as well as with pesto and roasted red peppers . The latter two ingredients — one green , the other red — echo the signature colours of the holiday even as they delight the taste buds . And , bonus ! You can buy them by the jar in the supermarket , which makes the prep that much easier .
The only tricky part of this recipe for Prosciutto and Red Pepper Stuffed Petite Filet is double-butterflying the roast — that is , cutting the filet in such a way that it becomes a big flat rectangle . Start by looking for the largest petite filets you can find . They 're the easiest to slice and they hold more stuffing . Then , before commencing your butterfly surgery , read the instructions several times . The goal is to avoid cutting a hole in the meat as you butterfly it , although it 's not a problem even if you do . The roast will still hold together after the meat is pounded , lined with prosciutto , rolled and tied . And tying it is n't that difficult . If you need help , there are several terrific videos online that will take you through it step by step .
This recipe does n't need to be made at the last minute . You can cut , roll and tie the roast ahead of time and chill it for several hours . Then , when you 're 25 minutes or so from sitting down to dinner , brown it , pop it in the oven and let it rest for the requisite 10 minutes . Whip up the sauce while the roast is resting . You will look like a culinary genius as you plate up a singularly elegant and festive holiday meal .
PROSCIUTTO AND RED PEPPER STUFFED PETITE FILET
Servings : 4
Start to finish : 45 minutes ( 25 active )
Two large petite beef filets ( about 1 1/4 pounds total )
1/4 pound thin sliced prosciutto
1/4 cup pesto
1/4 cup thin red pepper strips
2 tablespoons olive oil
Kosher salt
Black pepper
1/3 cup dry red or white wine
1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
Preheat the oven to 400 F .
Butterfly the petite filet roasts : Working with one filet at a time , place the filet on a cutting board with one of the short ends facing you . Start cutting the roast along the left long side about 2/3 of the way down from the top of the filet , cutting through almost to the other side but stopping about 1/2 inch from the other side . Flip the roast over so that the cut side is now on the right . Repeat the procedure on the left side again , slicing about 2/3 of the way down from the top of the filet , cutting to within 1/2-inch of the other side . Open up the two flaps that you have just cut in the filet so it is the shape of a rectangle . Pound the meat between two sheets of plastic wrap , sprinkled with water until it is about 1/4-inch thick all over .
Arrange half the prosciutto over the inside of each roast , leaving a 1/2-inch border on all sides . Spread half of the pesto on top of the prosciutto and arrange the red pepper strips down the middle . Starting with the long end , roll up the beef to form a cylinder and tie it with twine at 1-inch lengths .
In a medium ovenproof skillet heat the oil over medium high heat , add the meat , seasoned all over with salt and pepper and brown it on all sides , about 5 minutes . Transfer the pan to the middle shelf of the oven and roast the filets for 10 minutes for medium-rare meat . Transfer the roasts to a plate , cover them loosely with foil and let them rest for 10 minutes before slicing .
Meanwhile , add the wine to the skillet and deglaze the pan over medium-high heat , scraping up the brown bits from the bottom . Add the chicken broth and any juices from the resting meat and simmer for 3 minutes .
To serve : Remove the strings , slice the meat and arrange it on four plates . Spoon some of the pan juices over each portion .
——
Nutrition information per serving : 402 calories ; 201 calories from fat ; 22 g fat ( 5 g saturated ; 0 g trans fats ) ; 122 mg cholesterol ; 976 mg sodium ; 4 g carbohydrates ; 0 g fiber ; 1 g sugar ; 42 g protein .
——
EDITOR 'S NOTE : Sara Moulton is host of public television 's “ Sara 's Weeknight Meals. ” She was a executive chef at Gourmet magazine for nearly 25 years and spent a decade hosting several Food Network shows , including “ Cooking Live. ” Her latest cookbook is “ HomeCooking 101 . ”
Science students hold lively debate over how EarthTec QZ kills zebra mussels .
Lubbock , TX ( PRUnderground ) April 24th , 2018
What is the best way to kill zebra mussels ? Students in Instructor Jamie Brazell 's Elementary Science Methods course have debated this question for the past two semesters . The Texas Tech University TechTeach instructor uses the project to teach the differences between physical , chemical and biological processes . This semester the discussion took a surprising turn .
For two days Brazell 's students argued to a standstill over a different question . Is EarthTec® QZ a chemical or biological solution to the zebra mussel problem plaguing Texas ? EarthTec QZ is a copper-based , liquid molluscicide . After hearing the arguments for both sides , Brazell reached out to the product 's manufacturer , Arkansas-based Earth Science Laboratories .
“ Quite frankly , I am unsure myself , ” said Brazell , “ This project is my favorite of all we do , so I am glad to get the conversation going outside the classroom . We asked the company whether they could shed some light on the question . Is EarthTec QZ chemical , biological or both ? ”
The answer is “ yes , ” said ESL CEO , David Nicholas in an email to Brazell . “ Biological processes are all based on chemical reactions of some sort . Like humans , zebra mussels need copper as an essential natural mineral . Unlike humans , they do n't know when to stop eating it . The copper in EarthTec QZ disrupts what is basically their liver function and they die . ”
Nicholas added that such debates help bring to light deeper assumptions about the value of chemical versus biological methods . “ The best way to kill zebra mussels is the one that works the most effectively with the least impact on non-target species . That 's what EarthTec QZ does , so we 're comfortable leaving the question open to interpretation . ”
Earth Science Laboratories Inc. manufactures advanced water treatment products for use in commercial , municipal and recreational waters . EarthTec QZ is EPA registered and approved for killing zebra mussels in open waters and pipelines . It is NSF Certified to Standard 60 as an additive to drinking water . More information is available at earthtecqz.com .
About Earth Science Labs
easyseek does not belong to any Nations , yet .
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles : 0 Seeds : 3429 Comments : 0 Since : Mar 2016
When Alex McHugh watched a first aid video , little did she realise she would be putting it into action just hours later .
Alex , 34 , saved her seven-week-old son Joel 's life after he stopped breathing when the family were getting into the car after the school run .
The quick-thinking mum from Highfield rushed to a nearby shop and one of the customers helped her to lie him on the floor . Alex then performed CPR until the ambulance arrived , saving his life .
In recognition of her efforts , Alex has now been crowned St John Ambulance Hero Parent of the Year at the St John Ambulance Everyday Heroes awards .
The title is given to a parent , carer or guardian who has used first aid on their own child .
Just a day before , Alex had seen the St John Ambulance Nursery Rhymes Inc video which teaches Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation ( CPR ) for babies . The terrifying incident came after
Joel was antenatally diagnosed with Congenital Cystic Adenomatoid Malformation ( CCAM ) a foetal lung lesion which required surgery whilst Alex was still pregnant with Joel , and a high risk surgery at three days old to remove most of his left lung .
Alex was among 10 other winners celebrated at the ceremony in London .
Alex said : ‘ It 's amazing to receive this award , I 'm thrilled . People really need to learn first aid and the work that St John Ambulance does is fabulous . Without the Nursery Rhymes Inc video they made , Joel would n't be here . I ca n't thank St John Ambulance enough . ”
Alex was handed her award by TV presenter Zoe Hardman , who said : “ Alex is absolutely inspirational – she is how we should all be , in terms of having first aid knowledge and knowing how to use it . She 's my hero .
“ First aid is something everyone should be doing and I wish I 'd done it as a teenager . For me it 's the most important thing ; I tell every single person I come across to learn first aid . ”
The annual Everyday Heroes Awards , supported by Laerdal , celebrated the nation 's lifesavers , honouring community heroes , organisations and members of the public who have used first aid to help others .
The star studded awards was hosted by TV presenter Katie Piper , who as an acid attack survivor and a parent understands the importance of having life saving skills .
If you have been inspired to learn first aid visit www.sja.org.uk to find out more .
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. — Buffalo Bills director of training operations Bud Carpenter is retiring after 33 seasons with the team .
Carpenter was among the team 's longest serving active employees . He spent 21 seasons as the Bills ' head athletic trainer before being promoted to the director 's role in 2016 .
Under Carpenter , the Bills were named as the NFL 's 2014 athletic training staff of the year by the Pro Football Athletic Trainers Society and the Ed Block Courage Award Foundation .
Carpenter and his staff were also credited for acting swiftly in their treatment of tight end Kevin Everett after the player sustained a serious spinal cord injury while covering a kickoff during Buffalo 's 2007 season opener against Denver .
From nearby Allegany , New York , Carpenter was hired by the Bills in 1985 after spending a year on the NHL Boston Bruins athletic training staff .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Ever since President Donald Trump took office in January , tensions with North Korea have escalated rapidly .
The isolated country is barred by United Nations resolutions from carrying out ballistic missile tests or from having a nuclear arms program . Nonetheless , North Korea thumbed its nose at the resolutions — conducting several ballistic missile tests this year alone and five nuclear tests since 2006 , including two last year .
The defiant stance has led Trump to ratchet up the rhetoric — promising to show North Korea `` fire and fury '' if it continues on a perilous path with even more missile tests .
The regime fired its first intercontinental ballistic missile on July 4 , a significant step forward in its weapons program . The United States blasted the move , firing warning missiles and vowing to hold Pyongyang accountable at the United Nations .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea 's Nuclear Weapons Program : A Timeline 1:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Meanwhile , leader Kim Jong-un has made no secret of the fact that his scientists are working on a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching America .
The situation is so fraught that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asked China — Pyongyang 's neighbor and powerful ally — to “ use their influence to convince or compel North Korea to rethink its strategic calculus . ”
But Pyongyang has blithely ignored warnings by Tillerson that military action is “ on the table ” if they continued to test intercontinental ballistic missiles .
North Korea 's representative at the United Nations , Kim Im Ryong , flat-out warned that the Trump administration 's get-tough strategy was creating “ a dangerous situation in which thermonuclear war may break out at any moment . ”
For his part , Trump has dismissed as failures attempts by his White House predecessors to derail North Korea 's weapons programs .
A Pukguksong-2 missile is launched at an undisclosed location in North Korea on Feb. 12 . KCNA via AP
Here 's a timetable of how the recent crisis has unfolded :
Feb. 12 : In its first show of defiance against the Trump administration , North Korea successfully launches a solid-fueled ballistic missile called the Pukguksong-2 from a submarine .
March 6 : North Korean artillery units fire four ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan as part of a simulated attack on U.S. military bases in Japan . Three land within 200 miles of Japan 's coastline and the country 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe calls it “ an extremely dangerous action . ”
March 14 : The U.S. dispatches high-tech missile defense Aegis warships to the waters where the North Koreans fired the missiles for maneuvers with Japanese and South Korean warships .
March 15 : Tillerson arrives in Japan for his first Asia trip as secretary of state .
March 19 : The North Koreans test a new rocket engine , claiming its part of their space program .
April 2 : Trump declares the U.S. will go it “ alone ” if China does not help solve the North Korean nuclear problem .
“ China will either decide to help us with North Korea of they wo n't , ” Trump tells the Financial Times . “ If they do , that will be very good for China , and if they do n't , it wo n't be good for anyone . ”
April 5 : The North Koreans test fire a medium-range missile they claim is capable of destroying a U.S. aircraft carrier . It fails .
Missiles are paraded In Pyongyang during celebrations of the 105th birth anniversary of Kim Il Sung on April 15 . Wong Maye-E / AP file
April 10 : The USS Carl Vinson , an aircraft carrier , is dispatched to the region in a show of force .
April 15 : The North Koreans test fire yet another KN-17 missile . It too fails . In Pyongyang , top official Choe Ryong accuses Trump of “ creating a war situation ” by dispatching U.S. forces to the region .
“ We will respond to an all-out war with an all-out war and a nuclear war with our style of nuclear attack , ” Choe threatens .
April 26 : With tensions building , the U.S. test fires a $ 40 million Minuteman III missile at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . North Korea calls it a provocation .
April 28 : The North Koreans test fire another KN-17 missile . Once again , it 's a failure .
May 2 : In a telephone conversation , Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discuss `` how best to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea . ''
May 14 : North Korea launches a ballistic missile that flies around 430 miles before crashing into the Sea of Japan . `` With the missile impacting so close to Russian soil — in fact , closer to Russia than to Japan — the President can not imagine that Russia is pleased , '' the White House says in a statement .
May 17 : Two U.S. defense officials confirm to NBC News that North Korea 's launch of a KN-17 missile three days earlier was successful . The re-entry was controlled and the vehicle did not burn up , the officials said . It landed in the sea near Russia .
May 21 : North Korea launches a medium-range Pukguksong-2 missile . Kim Jong-un calls the launch `` perfect , '' state run news organ KCNA reports .
May 29 : The South Korean military reports that the North Koreans launched what appeared to be a short-range ballistic missile that flew for about 6 minutes and about 280 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan . It was reportedly the second time in two days that the North Koreans had test-fired a missile .
May 30 : The Pentagon sends a message to North Korea by successfully launching a long-range interceptor missile from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . It hits and destroys an intercontinental-range missile over the Pacific Ocean fired from a test site on Kwajalein Atoll .
June 13 : Otto Warmbier , a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergrad , is unexpectedly released after spending more than a year in a North Korean prison . He had been arrested in January 2016 and later convicted of trying to steal a propaganda flag that was flying near his hotel in Pyongyang . He was sentenced to 15 years of prison and hard labor after a one-hour trial . His father , Fred , credited the Trump administration with his son 's release . He said his boy had been `` brutalized and terrorized '' and suffered extensive brain damage while in North Korean custody .
June 19 : Warmbier dies . He is mourned by his parents , Fred and Cindy Warmbier . “ The awful torturous mistreatment our son received at the hands of the North Koreans ensured that no other outcome was possible beyond the sad one we experienced today , ” the family says in a statement .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Kang : 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
June 29 : U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announces sanctions targeting a China-based bank accused of laundering money for the North Korean government .
June 30 : Trump blasts the regime as `` brutal and reckless '' during a joint news conference with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in the Rose Garden . `` The era of strategic patience with the North Korean regime has failed , '' Trump says . `` Frankly , that patience is over . ''
July 4 : North Korea fires its first intercontinental ballistic missile . The regime declares itself a “ proud nuclear state. ” The ICBM would have a range of at least 3,500 miles – and be capable of reaching Alaska . In response , the United States and South Korea fire missiles into South Korea 's territorial waters off the east coast — moves that could be seen as a warning message .
July 6 : Trump vows to `` confront very strongly '' the regime 's `` very , very bad behavior '' in test-launching missiles . `` I have some pretty severe things that we 're thinking about , '' he tells reporters in Poland . `` Something will have to be done . ''
July 7 : Two U.S. B-1B Lancer bombers fly from Guam to the Korean peninsula where they `` practiced attack capabilities by releasing inert weapons at the Pilsung Range '' in South Korea . Two U.S. military officials said it was intended to `` send a clear message '' to North Korea following the ICBM test .
July 21 : The U.S. State Department announced that American citizens would soon be banned from traveling to North Korea . The `` geographical travel restriction '' would take effect late August . It would include certain restrictions for `` humanitarian '' reasons . The travel ban was announced a month after Warmbier 's death .
July 28 : North Korea fires its second intercontinental ballistic missile . It flew approximately 1,000 kilometers and landed in the Sea of Japan within Japan 's exclusive economic zone , according to the Pentagon . `` We can not accept these repeated provocations by North Korea and we made our protest to the North Koreans using the strongest words possible , '' a Japanese government spokesman said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pentagon : North Korea Launches Another Ballistic Missile 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
July 29 : The United States tested its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in Alaska , which successfully detected , tracked and intercepted a ballistic missile .
July 30 : The United States and allies flew supersonic bombers and fighter jets over the Korean Peninsula during a 10-hour show of force against North Korea . Trump and Abe spoke , with the U.S. president assuring the Japanese prime minister that the United States stood by its ally . Abe later said he `` fully agreed '' with Trump that China should do more to stop North Korea 's weapons program .
Aug. 2 : The U.S. military successfully test-launched an ICBM from California , just days after the North Korean test . An Air Force statement said the test was not a response to the North Korean action , but show that America 's nuclear enterprise is `` safe , secure , effective and ready to be able to deter , detect and defend against attacks on the United States and its allies . '' The ICBM was equipped with a test reentry vehicle , which officials said showed it traveled about 4,200 miles to the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands .
Aug. 5 : The U.N. Security unanimously approved tough new sanctions against North Korea due to its weapons program . The sanctions include a ban on coal and other exports that are worth over $ 1 billion . Nikki Haley , the U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. , called it `` the most stringent set of sanctions on any country in a generation . ''
Aug. 7 : North Korea responds to the sanctions with a statement vowing to respond to the United States with a `` severe lesson '' with nuclear force if Washington responds with military action .
Aug. 8 : Trump promised `` fire and fury like the world has never seen '' if North Korea continues to threaten nuclear action . `` They will be met with fire , fury and frankly power the likes of which this world has never seen before , '' he said during a press availability at his Bedminster Golf Club . The remarks came shortly after it was revealed that U.S. intelligence agencies believe North Korea could put a nuclear weapon on a missile . A U.S. official said this does n't mean that North Korea has fielded a nuclear-tipped ICBM ; they still have to establish that they can deliver a weapon that survives reentry . After Trump 's comments , North Korea announced it was `` seriously reviewing '' a plan to strike near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam with missiles .
Aug. 9 : Tillerson , en route to Guam for a refueling stop after visiting Asia , backed Trump 's `` fire and fury '' remarks . But he denied there was an imminent threat , saying , `` I think Americans should sleep well at night . ''
Aug. 10 : Trump doubled down on his previous promise of `` fire and fury , '' telling reporters that maybe that statement was n't `` tough enough . '' He later said that he was watching the situation in Guam closely .
Aug. 11 : Trump continues his heated rhetoric against North Korea , tweeting that , `` Military solutions are now fully in place , locked and loaded , should North Korea act unwisely . Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path ! ''
Share
Amazon may have shown its hand early and revealed the existence of the previously rumored “ Fire TV Cube. ” A mysterious sign-up page has been discovered on Amazon 's website that allows you to subscribe to email notifications for news on an upcoming “ Fire TV Cube , ” and asking point-blank “ What is Fire TV Cube ? ” Beyond that , no further information is given , nor is there any indication of what exactly the “ Fire TV Cube ” is going to be . Might as well sign up , in that case .
While this discovery certainly indicates that we will be hearing news about the future of Amazon 's Fire TV at some point in the near future , this is n't the first time rumors about the Fire TV Stick have surfaced . In September 2017 , AFTVews , the same publication that discovered the sign-up page above , leaked images of what the next Fire TV could potentially look like , as well as information on potential features and specs . One of the more exciting rumored features is hands-free control of Alexa . While hands-free Alexa control is technically possible on the current Amazon Fire TV , it requires an Echo Dot or similarly Alexa-integrated device . Otherwise , you have to use the voice remote — which definitely is n't hands-free . One of the draws of the so-called Fire TV Cube would ostensibly be removing the need for that second device thanks to a rumored built-in speaker , essentially creating an all-in-one solution . The leak also mentions that the Fire TV Cube could be controlled via Alexa , and receive notifications through the speaker , even when the TV is off .
Other rumored features include support for 4K UHD resolution , high-dynamic range ( HDR ) , and run on Android 7 . It is reportedly meant to be a mid-tier option , situated between the Fire TV Stick and Fire TV 4K in terms of its specifications and budget .
While the leaked images and benchmarks are compelling , the web page is the first time Amazon has acknowledged the device — or at least indicated that a Fire TV announcement is on the horizon . That may be as close to a smoking gun as we have had yet , but it 's worth pointing out that this was a discovery by a third party , not an official announcement from Amazon . While the webpage is real , we still do n't have official confirmation quite yet .
Share
Police in Raleigh , North Carolina , have been quietly issuing warrants to Google , requesting account data from mobile devices that are tracked as coming close to crime scenes , according to a report on WRAL . According to court records , the police department has requested Google provide location data from mobile in at least four investigations . The data obtained from these investigations have resulted in one arrest .
While law enforcement increasingly rely on data from smartphones and other smart devices to solve crimes , the warrants from the Raleigh Police Department are unique as they do not request information from a specific device , but instead request information from any device that has come close to the crime scene .
The warrants appear to request data within a certain location range for a specific time frame . One warrant shows the Raleigh Police Department requesting data “ located within the geographical region defined as within 150 meters of the GPS coordinates 35.785556 , -78.617145 ” for two specific date and time ranges .
From the initial anonymized data , investigators can create a map of the crime scene and surrounding area . Once the map has been created , investigators will see coordinates for each device within the boundaries . They can then look for patterns that may be of interest and request additional warrants for additional identifying information such as names and birth dates .
The news raises some pretty serious security and privacy concerns for smartphone users . Instead of requesting data for specific suspects or persons of interest , the Raleigh Police Department 's practice of issuing blanket warrants ensnares everyone within a particular area . The practice can also be viewed as a potential violation of an individual 's Fourth Amendment rights , which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures .
The use of blanket warrants by the Raleigh Police department is the most recent example of law enforcement using questionable methods to conduct investigations . After the San Bernardino , California attack in 2015 , the FBI tried to force Apple to unlock shooter Syed Rizwan Farook 's iPhone 5C . The case was later dropped when the FBI found an alternate way to access the shooter 's phone .
In addition to GPS location data provided by most smartphones , it 's also easy , but less accurate , for carriers to track your movements by triangulating data from nearby cell towers . In 2017 , Google admitted that it tracked location data on Android phones even when Location Services was disabled . The tech giant later reported that it suspended its collection of cellular location data .
Carlo Ancelotti joked that he could share a coaching job with AC Milan boss Vincenzo Montella but ruled out taking on a role in international football .
Ancelotti was sacked by Bayern Munich last month following a 3-0 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League and amid claims relations had broken down between the Italian and a number of his experienced squad members .
The former Real Madrid head coach has since been linked as a possible replacement for Montella at San Siro , with Milan sitting seventh in Serie A after seven matches .
Montella quipped last week that he would be happy to have Ancelotti as his assistant and vice versa , but Ancelotti has come up with a plan that would see the pair share responsibilities .
`` Montella said he would like to be my assistant and I would be happy to be his , '' he said .
Ancelotti : `` Mang said my tactics were wrong , many said my preparation was weak , many said many things . Staying silent it is a skill '' — Tancredi Palmeri ( @ tancredipalmeri ) October 3 , 2017
`` We will manage one game each in turn . We only have to find the club willing to do this . ''
On a more serious note , Ancelotti outlined his plans to take an extended break from football .
`` Now I am on holiday and will be for about 10 months , '' he added . `` I do n't want to come back earlier than that but inside I still want to coach every single day , therefore I do n't think I would join a national team . ''
Asked whether his players turned on him at Bayern , Ancelotti concluded : `` I respected all of them , but as a manager I have to make choices to put 11 on the pitch and seven on the bench .
`` It is up to each player 's intelligence to accept my choices and up to the club to back its manager . ''
Aaron Rodgers has got to be near the top of the NFL MVP list after he led the Green Bay Packers to a defining 31-24 win on the road against the Detroit Lions Sunday night .
He did it with his arm , with his legs and with his experience , showing the world – and Cris Collinsworth – that it was not Matthew Stafford ‘ s time .
If there ever does come a time when Stafford overtakes Rodgers in any category – especially in how to win important games – it will be a surprise .
Green Bay went into the Lions den last night – an environment that Packers head coach Mike McCarthy said was the loudest he had ever experienced at Ford Field – and showed the football world that the Green Bay Packers are still one of , if not the hottest , team in the entire NFL .
Everybody thought the Lions were the team to beat . They were playing at home for the division title on national television against the team that had won the division four of the last five years .
Collinsworth began his pregame analysis by saying it was Matthew Stafford 's time .
The depleted Packers defense also did its part magnificently – holding the potent Lions defense in check for most of the game . Without the meaningless Hail Mary at the end , Green Bay would have held the Lions to 17 points – at home . Something that nobody saw coming , especially those who have followed this Packers team in 2017 .
With cornerbacks Quinten Rollins and Damarious Randall out , defensive coordinator Dom Capers patched together a unit that gave up some big plays , but wore its bend-but-don't-break badge prominently last night
Yes , the defense was stellar when it needed to be , but without Rodgers , it would have been time for the Lions to celebrate .
Rodgers was 27-of-39 against the Lions for an even 300 yards , four touchdowns and no interceptions . He connected with eight different receivers , with Jordy Nelson and Davante Adams catching six each . It was Rodgers ' TD passes late in the game to Geronimo Allison and Adams that helped seal the deal for Green Bay .
But just for balance , McCarthy stayed true to his mantra about December football … that you have to run the ball to be successful .
Instead of leaning on Ty Montgomery , the Packers went with fullback Aaron Ripkowski as their main running back , feeding him the ball in the first half . He finished with nine carries for 61 yards , while Montgomery chipped in eight carries for 44 yards .
Rodgers was right behind with 10 carries for 42 yards .
In all , the Packers tallied 155 yards on the ground .
Though the Lions threw in that meaningless Hail Mary inside of two minutes , it was n't enough to keep the Packers from winning their fifth NFC North title for the fifth time in six years .
But again , it was Rodgers who continued his hot play and led the Packers to victory .
He also continued a December roll that has brought the Packers from the depths of their 4-6 record in November to a division title .
The two-time MVP is still undefeated at Lambeau Field in December since 2008 , his first year as a starter . He 's won 16 straight in a span of nearly a decade .
And because of Rodgers ' MVP-like performances over the team 's six-game winning streak , Rodgers has completed 142 of 200 passes for 1,667 yards , 15 touchdowns and zero interceptions . Incredible .
With the win the Packers earn a home playoff spot with the New York Giants coming to Lambeau Field on Sunday . For a team that was considered dead a little over a month ago , that 's quite an accomplishment – one that would n't have been possible without Rodgers ' resurrection the past six weeks .
Stay tuned …
More from Lombardi Ave
This article originally appeared on
FREMONT , Calif. — Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk said on Friday the Model 3 had over half a million advance reservations as he handed over the first 30 to employee buyers , setting the stage for the biggest test yet of the company 's strategy to become a profitable , mass market electric carmaker .
Outside Tesla 's Fremont , California factory , Musk showed off the $ 35,000 base vehicle with a range of 220 miles ( 350 km ) on a charge that marks a departure from the company 's earlier luxury electric cars .
Hours before the event , Musk acknowledged it would be `` quite a challenge '' to build the car during the early days of production .
`` We 're going to go through at least six months of manufacturing hell , '' Musk told journalists .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tesla rolls out first Model 3 electric cars for $ 35,000 2:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The over half a million reservations are up from about 373,000 disclosed in April 2016 . Customers pay $ 1,000 refundable deposits for the car , which is eligible for tax credits . Any new buyers would likely not receive their car until the end of 2018 , Musk said .
A longer-range version of the car is priced at $ 44,000 and will drive 310 miles ( 500 km ) on a single charge . The cars feature a streamlined dashboard devoid of buttons or knobs , with a 15-inch touchstream display to the right of the driver .
Tesla faces major hurdles living up to the Model 3 hype . The 500,000 vehicles Tesla vows to produce next year are nearly six times its 2016 production .
Were Tesla to produce , and sell 500,000 cars per year , the company would likely outsell the BMW , Mercedes , or Lexus brands in the United States .
“ We 're going to go through at least six months of manufacturing hell . ”
Production delays and quality issues marred the launches of Tesla 's Model S and Model X vehicles , and the company blamed production problems for a shortfall during the second quarter of this year . Musk has said a simpler Model 3 design will greatly reduce potential assembly-line problems .
Tesla has burned through over $ 2 billion in cash so far this year ahead of the launch . A troubled Model 3 launch could heighten the risks for the company , while a steady delivery of Model 3s could generate a stream of cash that would allow Tesla to avoid going again to the capital markets to fund its operations .
Tesla 's share price has surged 54 percent since January in anticipation of the Model 3 launch , and Tesla 's pricey valuation now exceeds that of traditional rivals like General Motors and Ford .
First production model of Tesla Model 3 out the assembly line in Fremont , California , U.S. is seen in this undated handout photo from Tesla Motors obtained by Reuters July 10 , 2017 . HANDOUT / Reuters
Until now , Tesla has operated as a niche producer of luxury electric vehicles , with a charismatic , showman CEO who regularly interacts with fans on his Twitter account . Now loss-making Tesla is trying to move into a different league , building vehicles in high volume for customers able to pay only a few thousand dollars more than the average price of a conventional car or truck sold in the United States .
The Model 3 is part of Musk 's broader plan to build a clean energy and transportation company that offers electric semi trucks , rooftop solar energy systems and large-scale battery storage systems .
Ana Martinez , a medical assistant at the Sea Mar Community Health Center , gives a patient a flu shot last month in Seattle . Associated Press
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — A group of Democratic women in the Ohio House on Thursday called for the resignation of a veteran Republican lawmaker who was compelled to apologize for making offensive remarks during a staff member 's going-away party .
State Reps. Nickie Antonio , Teresa Fedor and Michele Lepore-Hagan told Republican House Speaker Clifford Rosenberger in a letter that Rep. Bill Seitz 's conduct “ falls far short of the standard by which elected officials should conduct themselves . ”
“ If we want real change , we can not continue to let members treat the Statehouse like their own personal playground , ” they wrote . “ Taking responsibility means doing what is hard and holding perpetrators of workplace harassment accountable for their actions . ”
The 63-year-old Seitz , a Cincinnati attorney , reportedly disparaged a current and a former female House member during a Jan. 23 roast honoring outgoing Chief of Staff Mike Dittoe . He also made light of sexual misconduct scandals that led to two legislators ' resignations last year .
His remarks came the same week House members received training on sexual harassment that was newly mandated in light of the Ohio and national scandals .
Seitz said Thursday that he had not yet seen the letter , which he called politically motivated . He said none of the Democratic lawmakers calling for him to resign was at the party and none had spoken to him about it .
“ I can categorically say I 'm not resigning , ” he said . “ I do n't need to read the letter to say that . ”
On orders from Rosenberger , Seitz issued an open letter last week addressed to the speaker and House colleagues saying he regretted any shame , distress or embarrassment he caused with his comments .
Among other things , Seitz was criticized as sexist for name-calling aimed at two female lawmakers : state Rep. Candice Keller and former state Rep. Diana Fessler , both Republicans .
He also suggested several lawmakers ' work could be set to music , suggesting for ex-Sen. Clifford Hite Marvin Gaye 's “ Let 's Get it On ” and “ Blowing in the Wind . ”
The Republican Hite resigned last year after an investigation found he made inappropriate remarks to and physical contact with a female state worker and propositioned her repeatedly for sex over a two-month period .
Seitz said Fessler sent him a “ beautiful ” letter indicating she did n't need an apology . He said the Hite remarks were meant as ridicule , not praise .
During an annual forum Wednesday sponsored by The Associated Press , Rosenberger said he plans no further direct action against Seitz .
Rosenberger , who also was at the party , said he was uncomfortable with offensive remarks made by Seitz and Republican state Sen. Matt Huffman during the event but chose not to deal with it in the moment because many things were going on .
He said he 's putting together a bipartisan committee to address concerns about such behavior .
By JULIE CARR SMYTH
AP Statehouse Correspondent
WASHINGTON — House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul , then deleted the tweet after online criticism that he is cheering an increase of $ 1.50 a week .
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks , citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , whose check went up $ 1.50 a week .
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary 's increase and linking to the AP story . He has posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul , some as much as $ 1,000 .
Ryan 's spokeswoman did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting Pause
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:57 CMPD video : Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
2:27 Thelma Lou turns 90
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:17 Hornets , Lowes unveil refurbished teachers ' lounge at Steele Creek Elementary
2:25 Protest on CMS transgender policies outside Government Center
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There 's no sign of the cold weather going away just yet as The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for ice until tomorrow ( Tuesday , March 19 ) .
Forecasters predict temperatures could drop to minus 6 during the night , with the weather turning cloudy and colder as evening sets in .
There are likely to be wintry showers during the night as well as a widespread frost , with a yellow weather alert in place from 7pm tonight and 9am tomorrow .
But there 's good news as the majority of Tuesday is set to be full of sunshine , although still chilly , with a maximum temperature of 8°C .
As for Wednesday , it will start off dry but rain is expected in spells throughout the rest of the week .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) – The first law enforcement officer in the U.S. ever to be charged with a terrorism offense is again scheduled for trial . Jury selection begins Monday afternoon in federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , in the case against Nicholas Young , who was a police officer in the region 's Metro system when he was arrested last year in a government sting . Prosecutors say Young bought nearly $ 250 in gift cards he intended for the Islamic State group , giving the cards to an individual who turned out to be an FBI source . Young 's lawyers say the sting amounts to entrapment after their client was under surveillance for six years . Documents show Young had been under surveillance since 2010 . The trial had been expected to begin last week but was delayed when new evidence emerged .
The Development Review Committee , DRC , staff meeting presents an opportunity for applicants to discuss proposed or current projects with county review staff in lieu of , and/or prior to , meeting formally with the Development Review Committee . One or ...
U.S. companies are preparing to invest again after years on the sidelines , and rising interest rates are unlikely to impede them .
Continue Reading Below
Executives have grown more optimistic about growth , in part anticipating that President-elect Donald Trump 's administration and Republican congressional majorities will bring regulatory rollbacks , corporate tax breaks and increased infrastructure spending .
The Federal Reserve last month signaled interest rates would rise at a faster pace than previously projected , showing increasing optimism about the U.S. economy as it unanimously approved its second rate increase in a decade .
Despite years of near-zero interest rates that made borrowing cheap , many big U.S. corporations have been hoarding cash or plowing money into safer pursuits in the wake of the recession . Some , like General Motors Co. and railroad CSX Corp. , borrowed to prop up pension plans . Others , including Home Depot Inc. and Yum Brands Inc. , used cheap debt to repurchase shares . Meanwhile , overall spending on building new factories or upgrading aging equipment languished .
That is likely to change soon .
“ We could be in store for a significant [ capital-expenditure ] boom , ” said Charles Mulford , an accounting professor at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Steel company Klöckner & Co. , which generates about 40 % of its sales from its 50 sites in the U.S. , expects to increase spending on steel-shaping machinery here in the coming year . The German company delayed such U.S. investments when demand slowed from industrial customers that make everything from railcars to storage tanks for oil producers .
Rising interest rates wo n't interfere with the planned investments , said Gisbert Rühl , chairman of Klöckner 's management board . “ If we have to pay 100 basis points more , that 's not an issue for us , ” Mr. Rühl said . “ Even 200 basis points is not an issue…It 's still cheap. ” Fed officials have signaled that they expect to raise rates by another 0.75 percentage point this year , likely in three quarter-point moves .
The new optimism could mean the U.S. is poised to emerge from a pattern that has frustrated the usual business investment cycle . During downturns , businesses typically cut capital investment — spending that increases or improves physical assets like buildings , equipment and computers . As the economy picks up , they rapidly ramp up spending , or risk being overtaken by more aggressive competitors .
Business investment dropped sharply during the financial crisis , falling more than 17 % for S & P 500 companies in the 12 months after Lehman Brothers ' September 2008 collapse . But even as the economy recovered , total expenditures took three years to regain the precrisis level , according to data from S & P Dow Jones Indices .
Companies saw little reason to invest when U.S. economic growth was sluggish . Quarterly gross domestic product has averaged an annualized 1.5 % growth since the Lehman collapse , compared with a decadeslong average — going back to 1930 — of more than 3 % .
Another culprit was a resistance among corporate leaders to lower the minimum rate of return on investment — known as a hurdle rate — they would accept from new spending , largely out of fear of disappointing shareholders .
“ If returns are down and your hurdle rate has n't changed , you 'll stop investing , ” said William Plummer , finance chief at construction rental firm United Rentals Inc .
Instead , many businesses pursued safer alternatives . In 2015 alone , companies in the Russell 3000 index bought back nearly $ 700 billion of their own shares , the most since 2007 , according to research firm Birinyi Associates Inc. Last year through November , those firms spent another $ 488 billion on buybacks .
Companies in the S & P 1500 pumped $ 550 billion into their pensions between 2008 and Nov. 30 last year , according to Mercer Investment Consulting LLC .
“ Businesses simply have n't adjusted to a world of low interest rates , ” said Paul Ashworth , chief North American economist for Capital Economics Ltd. , a research firm . “ They 're still looking for 5 % or 6 % returns , or 10 % returns , on investment projects , and not realizing the cost of borrowing is actually much lower . ”
Some companies continue to promise returns echoing those common before the financial crisis . General Electric Co. , for example , in 2016 tied pay for its executives to a 16 % to 18 % benchmark for return on capital , in addition to measures of profitability and growth in cash and earnings .
A GE spokeswoman said investors expect returns in that range .
Many executives believed the Fed would raise interest rates relatively soon after the recession ended , said Aldo Pagliari , chief financial officer at toolmaker Snap-On Inc. That led companies to put off lowering their estimates of what it would cost to raise money to fund upgrades or new projects .
“ If you look at 2009 , 2010 , or 2011 , no one thought rates would stay that low , ” he said . Snap-On now estimates cost of capital at roughly 9.2 % , down just slightly from the 10 % it assumed before the financial crisis .
In 2010 , videogame retailer GameStop Corp. committed to spend $ 300 million on share repurchases and $ 200 million on new stores and other investments . The company had built up cash on its balance sheet and executives felt they needed to return some to shareholders in the absence of better alternatives . “ The interest-rate environment was n't giving you anything for parked cash , ” said Robert Lloyd , GameStop 's finance chief .
More recently , the company has shifted tactics . GameStop has boosted capital spending to roughly $ 160 million in 2016 from $ 125 million in 2013 for store refurbishments and expansion into new categories like collectibles . Last year , it cut its buyback in half . “ It was the right thing for us to diversify the company and make those investments , ” Mr. Lloyd said .
COLUMBUS , Ohio — No . 10 Ohio State continues to plow through a series of lesser opponents before the next big test comes Oct. 28 against No . 4 Penn State . Maryland , coming off an exhilarating win over Minnesota last week , will try to keep up with the more-talented Buckeyes at Ohio Stadium on Saturday .
Ohio State ( 4-1 , 2-0 Big Ten ) beat up on Rutgers last week , 56-0 , after routs of UNLV and Army . The games were confidence builders after the Buckeyes were beaten by Oklahoma in the week No . 2 . But given the level of competition , it 's difficult to know if they really have made improvements in an inconsistent passing game and other problem areas .
Coach Urban Meyer insists Ohio State has gotten better while feasting on outgunned opponents .
“ The good thing about this team and the coaching staff is we 're not walking around with blinders on , ” Meyer said . “ We 're optimistic , and we 're pleased with the progress , but we 're also realistic . Where are we ? I think we 've improved , like anybody can see we improved . When it comes time , this week , can we continue against good , very good competition ? ”
Centre Billy Price put it more bluntly : “ There 's been a lot of progress . You 're blind if you ca n't see that . ”
Despite being a 30-point underdog , Maryland ( 3-1 , 1-0 ) should be the best team Ohio State has faced since Oklahoma .
Some other things to watch for Saturday :
MAKE WAY FOR MAD MAX
Third-string quarterback Max Bortenschlager was pressed into service as a starter after ACL injuries to the two guys in front of him , Tyrrell Pigrome and Kasim Hill . The sophomore was up for the task .
He put together a long game-winning drive against Minnesota last week , hitting some clutch throws to set up a 34-yard touchdown run by Ty Johnson with 70 seconds remaining . He finished 18 of 28 for 154 yards and two touchdowns .
“ I really think , again , it comes back to his teammates around him , ” Maryland coach D.J . Durkin said . “ I thought our receivers played phenomenal in that game , our O-line did a great job protecting him , as well as our running backs being effective in the run game and converting on third downs . ”
RUNNING BACK ROULETTE
With Ohio State running back Mike Weber now fully healthy after a hamstring injury that has dogged him most of the season , Meyer has a pleasant conundrum : How should he divide carries between Weber , a 1,000-yard rusher last season , and dynamic true freshman J.K. Dobbins , who has piled up the yards as the primary back so far .
Weber played his first completely healthy game of the season against Rutgers , rushing for 44 yards and bullying his way in for three touchdowns .
Meyer said a package of plays is being developed for a scheme that includes both backs in the game at the same time .
CONVERSION RATE
A big key for Maryland last week was its play on third down . The Terps turned a third down into a first-and-10 on nine of 16 occasions last week . Minnesota went 5 for 12 .
Duplicating that feat will be important , because the less Maryland sees of the Buckeyes ' offence on the field , the better .
“ We 've got to win on third down and get off the field defensively , and on offence it 's how you extend drives , ” Durkin said . “ At the end of the day , you 've got to figure out what you can execute on third down in order to stay on the field . We had a good plan put together and our guys executed it . ”
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Ohio State linebacker Chris Worley , who has missed time with a foot injury , is probable for Saturday . Defensive tackle Dre'Mont Jones , who cut himself in a freak locker room accident and had to have stitches last week , will miss a second game . Backup running back Antonio Williams is questionable .
Also , starting safety Erick Smith will miss his second game for unspecified reasons , which will take a bite out of the depth in the defensive secondary .
——
More AP college football at http : //www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
——
Follow Mitch Stacy at http : //twitter.com/mitchstacy
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former BBC presenter and afternoon tea etiquette expert Diana Mather is supporting a charity Royal Wedding Afternoon Tea in aid of children 's cancer charity The Joshua Tree at Abbeywood Estate and Gardens in Delamere on Friday , May 18 .
Diana travels the world teaching social and business manners . She has taught afternoon tea etiquette in India , China , Iran , Uzbekistan and the UAE , as well as introducing many international clients to the delights of afternoon tea at Fortnum and Mason in London .
She is a regular contributor to television and radio programmes , giving advice on etiquette , image and style and is in increasing demand as a speaker .
Diana was a presenter and newsreader for BBC Northwest for more than 10 years .
The Royal Wedding charity afternoon fundraiser has been organised by The Joshua Tree to support families affected by childhood cancer across the north west .
Fran Wilson , community events co-ordinator from The Joshua Tree , said : “ We 're throwing a Royal Wedding Charity Tea Party to celebrate the marriage of Harry and Meghan and also support local families affected by childhood cancer .
“ On Friday , May 18 we 'll be treating supporters to a sumptuous afternoon tea at the Abbeywood Estate in Delamere - including a free tour of the extensive and impressive gardens .
“ We 'll be hosting a ‘ wedding gift ' raffle and will treat you like royalty with our special guest speaker whilst we also raise our glasses of fizz to toast the new couple . ”
Lunch starts at noon and guests can enjoy free garden entry beforehand as part of the £25 ticket price .
There will also be live classical music , a ‘ lookalike ' royal couple wedding raffle and a sumptuous afternoon tea , including a glass of fizz on arrival .
Tickets are available at www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/royal-wedding-charity-tea-party-for-the-joshua-tree-tickets-42316077527 # tickets or from The Joshua Tree on 01606 331 858 . Tables of eight or more receive a free bottle of fizz .
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new road into Valley Retail Park is part of a £20 million plan to improve the experience of visiting the shops there , which include Croydon 's Ikea .
A new route to the shops and restaurants could be created by demolishing the Stewart Plastics factory which was built in the 1950s but has been empty since 2012 .
Vandalism of the building including a series of fires in the summer of 2016 means security measures have had to be put in place at the site on a 24/7 basis .
The proposed road would create direct access to the retail park , which is home to Ikea , a Vue cinema , and shops including Boots and Next , from Waddon Marsh Way .
And it should make getting into the retail park easier and quicker for any approaching it from the south , along Purley Way .
The planning application has been submitted on behalf of Maizelands Limited and Arringford Limited , an Aberdeen Standard Investments ( ASI ) fund .
B & Q and Ikea own their buildings on the site but ASI owns the rest of the buildings .
Phil Huby , head of retail parks at ASI , said : “ [ The road ] would improve access for everyone .
“ The reason we are investing in this is as part of an overall improvement and refurbishment .
“ We have also been putting new shop fronts in the retail terrace as they are 20 odd years old . That should be finished at the end of the year . ”
If approved Mr Huby hopes work , which will take about 12 months , on the new road will start next year .
“ There is a recognised problem of congestion on the site and people getting stuck in the car park over the past couple of years , '' he said .
“ Because we have had a congestion problem you are not really getting as many people into the location and back out again .
`` Shopping visits will be a lot easier and far more pleasant . The whole experience would improve . ''
Overall Mr Huby thinks the future is bright for everyone who Croydon who loves to do a bit of shopping .
He added : “ I think [ the future ] is quite good for Croydon . [ You ] have got the big Westfield development coming and we are investing here .
( Image : Ian Stratton )
“ The general background is that there is trouble for [ the ] retail [ industry ] but there are a lot of improvements going on [ in Croydon ] which are n't happening elsewhere . ”
The proposed new road would link Hesterman Way , which is inside the retail park , to Purley Way via Waddon Marsh Way .
The retail park is home to restaurants such a Nando 's , a Pizza Express , a McDonald 's and a Burger King .
The plans have been welcomed by local businesses .
Annabel Fogden , general manager of the Croydon branch of the London Chamber of Commerce , said anything that stops traffic jams is a good thing for businesses .
She added : `` If these proposed plans solve congestion in this area then we think it would be a good result . ''
As well as addressing congestion , a planning statement says the derelict Stewart Plastics factory `` detracts from the overall appearance '' of the area .
Back in 2013 Ikea wanted to demolish the factory and replace it with two warehouses but withdrew a planning application seven months after it was submitted .
The latest proposal includes the building of four new warehouses but would see a reduction of 68 car parking spaces to a total of 977 .
Mr Huby says the warehouses would be used by `` industrial tradesmen '' .
A consultation on the plans closes on Wednesday , July 11 and a decision is expected to be made by September 10 on whether the new road can be built .
DETROIT — The winners of this year 's international ArtPrize competition are being announced during an event in western Michigan that 's known for openness — and increasingly , this year , politics .
In all , $ 500,000 in cash prizes will be awarded as part of ArtPrize Nine — including $ 200,000 for the public favourite and $ 200,000 for a winner picked by an expert jury . An awards event takes place Friday night in Grand Rapids before ArtPrize wraps up on Sunday . The first round of voting narrowed entries down to 20 chosen by the public and 20 by the jury . The second round of voting ran through this week . The work of more than 1,300 artists has been on display since last month at more than 170 venues .
Nine years in , the open , experimental mission remains firm for the show that draws hundreds of thousands of attendees annually . It comes directly from founder Rick DeVos , grandson of multibillionaire Rich DeVos , a co-founder of direct-sales giant Amway Corp. , an ArtPrize sponsor , and son of U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos . Her critics say she 's hostile to public education and indifferent to civil rights , citing her push for school choice and her decision to end the Obama administration 's rules for investigating allegations of on-campus sexual violence . School choice programs include charter schools , which are publicly funded but usually independently operated , and vouchers that help families cover tuition at private schools .
A spokeswoman said Rick DeVos was n't available to comment . He told The Associated Press in 2011 that organizers “ want to make sure everyone knows that ArtPrize can host really any type of expression . ”
The show has works critical of Betsy DeVos and the Trump administration , including “ For-profit Education ” by Sarah Ellis , a Grand Rapids high school teacher . She says in an artist 's statement that her video and installation-based piece reflects her concern over policies that harm “ free and quality education for all. ” Her video shows a hammer striking plaster casts of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato , who is quoted in the work saying , “ Education is teaching our children to desire the right things . ”
Detroit artist Eric Millikin 's “ Made of Money ” consists of dollar bills cut up and fashioned into portraits of “ great people , ” such as Nikola Tesla , Hedy Lamarr , Joe Louis and Edgar Allan Poe , who “ died penniless. ” Millikin said his work is designed to remind “ that our best people are n't always rewarded with wealth , and that our wealthiest people are n't always our best . ”
Millikin said he has long known about the DeVos family through their wealth and political connections . He recalls in particular Betsy DeVos ' husband , Dick DeVos , a former Amway president who unsuccessfully ran for Michigan governor in 2006 . The DeVos family 's support of ArtPrize kept Millikin away for the first eight years , but he saw the election of Trump and Betsy DeVos ' cabinet appointment as a way “ to make a statement . ”
“ That made it a better place ( to exhibit ) because I 'm addressing a national figure , ” he told the AP . “ It 's equivalent to someone … speaking up at the town hall . ”
ArtPrize Exhibitions Director Kevin Buist said political statements — including those against the DeVos family — have been part of the competition since the beginning . In 2009 , Anna Campbell exhibited “ The Seeding Trilogy , ” which featured drink coasters with messages calling out efforts by members of the DeVos family to fight same-sex marriage .
Buist said an increase in political pieces — and an increasing spotlight on them — is no surprise , given the current climate .
“ Some ( artists ) are angry and they have a right to be angry , ” he said . “ They 're using ArtPrize as a vehicle to express that and to work through really complicated and tricky issues .
“ Of course , some of that is going to be directed toward the current administration , and some of our funders , ” he added . “ That 's fine . I 'd be worried if that were n't happening . ”
Manatees in Citrus County . January 2018 was a deadly month for Florida manatees — five times as many sea cows died as did last year in the same month . Herald file photo
Officials have confirmed fresh plans for Tuesday 's scheduled BetMcLean League Cup semi-final ties .
A statement released by the Northern Ireland Football League has confirmed a decision to postpone the game between Ballymena United and Cliftonville .
A review is planned for Tuesday morning over the suitability of Dungannon Swifts ' Stangmore Park for the match with Crusaders .
The Ballymena Showgrounds semi-final has been rescheduled for Tuesday , January 16 .
“ Having consulted with the League Cup committee with both clubs , the NI Football League regrettably have taken the decision to postpone the BetMcLean League Cup semi-final between Ballymena United and Cliftonville scheduled for Tuesday 12 December , ” confirmed a NIFL statement . “ The decision was taken in light of the adverse weather conditions and the interest in supporter and player safety .
“ This game will now be played on Tuesday 16 January 2018 .
“ There will be a further review tomorrow ( Tuesday ) morning of Stangmore Park and notice will be provided of any decisions or subsequent pitch inspections required ( for Dungannon Swifts v Crusaders ) . ”
Portadown 's Bluefin Sport Championship game against Dergview could take place on Tuesday , December 19 - with alternative dates across December 22 or 23 .
Following a weekend postponement at Shamrock Park it was hoped to rearrange the game for this week but talks continue .
Hamas says that 21 of its members were killed in tunnel collapses in Gaza during 2016 .
Hamas said on Sunday that 21 of its members were killed in tunnel collapses in Gaza during 2016 , Kol Yisrael radio reported .
According to the terror group , seven of the 21 were killed in a tunnel in eastern Gaza City which collapsed six months ago during work to repair the damage caused to the tunnel by Israel during Operation Protective Edge in 2014 .
Hamas has been busily reconstructing its terror tunnel network breaching into Israeli territory and which was targeted by Israel during the 2014 counterterror operation .
During that time , there have been several incidents in which tunnels collapsed and terrorists were killed . One such incident occurred in October , when a member of the Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades , Hamas 's armed terror wing , was killed after an underground tunnel collapsed on him .
Last month , two Hamas terrorists were killed when a terror tunnel collapsed in the Shuja'iyya neighborhood of Gaza .
A senior Israeli security official recently indicated that Hamas continues to dig 10 kilometers in tunnels leading into Israel per month .
He described sitting on the pavement in an alley , feeling angry that he would not be able to say goodbye to the people he loved . There was so much blood , he thought his life was over .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A former Chester City midfielder is a leading contender to take over the vacant Wrexham manager 's position , according to bookies .
Gary Brabin yesterday was the 2/1 favourite to replace Dean Keates in the Wrexham hotseat with bookmakers BetVictor .
But while Brabin has since drifted to 3/1 , only Andy Davies ( 2/1 ) , who is currently in caretaker control of the Dragons along with Carl Darlington ( 16/1 ) , is ahead of him in the odds .
Other names BetVictor have in the frame include ex-Liverpool and Wales striker Craig Bellamy ( 3/1 ) , for whom it would be his first senior managerial role , and former Connah 's Quay Nomads player Adam Owen ( 8/1 ) , who up until recently was managing Lechia Gdansk in Poland .
Then comes another ex-Chester midfielder Anthony Barry ( 12/1 ) , the Wigan Athletic first-team coach who played for Wrexham , and Craig Harrison ( 14/1 ) , the Chester-based former boss of The New Saints who last month lost his job at Hartlepool United .
The Dragons started they 'intend to make an appointment as quickly as possible ' after Keates left to take charge of his hometown club , League One outfit Walsall , on Friday .
Davies and Darlington oversaw Wrexham 's 2-2 draw at Woking the following day that , while extending the club 's unbeaten National League run to 14 matches , saw them slip to fifth in the table .
Brabin has vast experience of managing in the National League with Cambridge United , Luton Town , Southport and , most recently Tranmere Rovers .
Currently a first-team coach with League Two side Port Vale , the 47-year-old has been linked with the Chester 's manager 's job on numerous occasions in the past , most recently in September when he was the bookmakers ' favourite to succeed the sacked Jon McCarthy .
Port Vale boss Neil Aspin said : `` All I know is that Gary has managed big clubs in that level and will always be someone linked with jobs . He has managed Cambridge , Luton , Tranmere ... the bigger teams at that level and Wrexham are a big club .
`` But I think he is focused , certainly at this moment in time on what we are doing here and I do n't expect that to change . ''
A man is dead after a stabbing at the Elks Lodge in Princeton on Saturday , April 15 .
At approximately 11:38 p.m. on Saturday , Princeton police officers responded to a reported stabbing at the Elks Lodge , located at 1050 South Jefferson Street in Princeton , Kentucky .
When officers arrived at the scene they found the victim , William Grant Beckner , 50 , Archie Ortt Road , lying on the ground with multiple stab wounds . He was taken to the Caldwell County ER where he was pronounced dead .
Witnesses told officers that Beckner was involved in an altercation inside the club with the suspect , Joseph W Anderson , 54 , of Princeton . The altercation then continued outside where it escalated to a fist fight . During the course of the fight , police say Beckner was stabbed multiple times .
According to Princeton police , Anderson fled the scene and was later found in Cadiz . He was taken into custody and is charged with murder .
An autopsy is scheduled for Monday , April 17 at 11 a.m. at the medical examiner 's office in Madisonville .
Officers were assisted at the scene by Caldwell County Sheriff 's Deputies and Kentucky State Police .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS . All rights reserved .
New Carolina Panthers cornerback Ross Cockrell grew up in Charlotte , went to Charlotte Latin and then attended Duke . Scott Fowler sfowler @ charlotteobserver.com
Share
The technology that powers Amazon 's Kindle is coming to your bumper — at least if you live in California and are willing to pay a not-insignificant amount of money for it . The Golden State launched a pilot program in its capital of Sacramento to test a digital license plate that ambitiously promises to streamline the lives of motorists , help businesses reach more clients , and possibly keep fellow drivers entertained .
The device looks like a large , license plate-sized tablet . It is , in a way , except it 's not touch-sensitive . It 's equipped with its own battery and computer chip , and it looks just like a standard-issue California plate in its most basic configuration . The vehicle 's registration number appears front and center , along with information about when the car 's registration expires , California 's script logo , and a link to the DMV 's website . Users can change the color of the font or the background and display short messages directly below the registration number . If the car is parked , they can also move the registration number to a corner and display a much larger message , like an advertisement .
The Sacramento Bee reports digital license plates could let motorists renew their registration without having to place a sticker on their car 's rear license plate . Police officials can also use the license plate to track a stolen car , though this becomes a moot point if the thief removes the plate and tosses it in a ditch .
As you 'd expect , the technology is n't cheap . Reviver Auto , the California-based company that designed and manufactures the plates , charges $ 699 for the device . That figure does n't include the cost of installation and the $ 7 monthly fee users need to pay . Motorists must purchase the plates from authorized dealerships ; they 're not available through the DMV like standard-issue license plates .
To date , 11 new car dealerships have signed up to sell the digital license plate . One is in Sacramento , three are in the San Francisco area , and the rest are located in or near Los Angeles . Arizona will soon approve use of the plates as part of a pilot program . There 's no word yet on when ( or if ) other states will allow the technology on their roads .
Reviver Auto founder Neville Boston acknowledges the technology is expensive , but he argues it 's an investment that makes sense for certain users . Speaking to the Sacramento Bee , he explained that companies and local governments will look into the technology to manage their fleet of vehicles . It could also attract businesses who want to use the plate as their own mini billboard . And Sacramento officials purchased 24 digital license plates as part of a pilot program designed to prepare for real-world testing of autonomous cars .
“ The city envisions using this technology as a way to help the deployment of autonomous cars . If we can actually have a platform for us to see where the cars are operating , how they 're operating , and get reports back about vehicle miles traveled and locations , and we can actually geo-fence certain areas and restrict them to certain areas of the city ; that 's how we envision using this plate , ” explained Louis Stewart , the city 's chief innovation officer .
On the other side of the globe , Dubai launched a similar pilot program in a bid to make life easier for drivers .
SAN ANTONIO ( AP ) Memphis coach David Fizdale blasted the officiating in Game 2 of the Grizzlies ' first-round series against the Spurs , deeming it ” unprofessional ” and ” unacceptable ” before slamming his fist on a table and storming off .
San Antonio held off a late rally to beat Memphis 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round matchup .
Fizdale said the veteran crew of Danny Crawford , Rodney Mott and Bill Spooner ” did not even give us a chance ” to even the series . After initially saying he needed to ” have a glass of wine on the plane ” to analyze what happened , Fizdale unleashed a nearly two-minute tirade during a postgame interview that grew increasingly louder .
” It was a very poorly officiated basketball game , ” Fizdale said . ” Zach Randolph , the most rugged guy in the game , has zero free throws , but somehow Kawhi Leonard had 19 free throws ? ”
Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and made all 19 free-throw attempts . The Grizzlies took 15 free throws as a team against San Antonio 's 32 even though Memphis attempted 35 shots in the paint , 17 more than the Spurs .
” I 'm not a numbers guy , but that does n't seem to add up , ” Fizdale said .
Adding to Fizdale 's consternation was the fact that Memphis rallied from a 26-point deficit in the second half and had an opportunity to win after a 29-point blowout in Game 1 .
The Grizzlies closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter , but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Tony Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead .
Leonard shot all four of the Spurs free throws in the final quarter while the Grizzlies were limited to one on a three-point play by Marc Gasol .
” I felt like I got fouled the times that I went to the line , ” Leonard said . ” Memphis is a physical team throwing a lot of bodies at me . I guess I did something and the refs were paying attention and I was able to get to the line . ”
The trio of Crawford , Spooner and Mott have officiated more than 400 playoff games over careers that span more than two decades for each , but Fizdale was irate with their performance .
Fizdale was n't sure if his status as a first-year coach or his team 's decorum had anything to do with the lopsided numbers , but he was n't happy with the result .
” Kawhi shot more free throws than our whole team , explain it to me , ” Fizdale said . ” We do n't get the respect that these guys deserve because Mike Conley does n't go crazy , he has class and he just plays the game . But I 'm not going to let them treat us that way . I know ( San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has ) got pedigree and I 'm a young rookie , but they are not going to rook us .
” That 's unacceptable , that was unprofessional . My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game and they did not even give us a chance . ”
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis .
—
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
It 's coming up on two years now since Google first introduced the idea of Android Instant Apps . Instead of users having to download and install a full app prior to using it , Instant Apps allowed developers to give users a way to jump right into app screens and start interacting with them , as easily as if they 'd clicked a link to a webpage . Not only did that let you get things done faster , but also served as some smart advertising for devs ; if a user liked what they saw with Instant Apps , they might consider downloading and installing the full thing . Now it 's time for the next evolution of this feature , with the debut of Google Play Instant for games .
The news comes to us as part of the announcements from Google Developer Day at this year 's Game Developers Conference . While Instant Apps functionality is nothing new by now , its focus has been on productivity titles and services . Google Play Instant brings that same kind of immediate software gratification to Android gamers . Specifically , it allows for larger APK downloads and progressive delivery of files . Considering how big game assets can be , it 's easy to appreciate why Google thought an upgrade to Instant Apps was in order .
Discovering and trying Google Play Instant titles in the Play Store .
You can check out Google Play Instant games in the Play Store , where you 'll spot a “ Try Now ” button to the side of the usual “ Install , ” same as things are for Instant Apps . Tapping that button brings up an oh-so-brief loading screen ( so quick that we had to try several times just to grab a screenshot of it in progress ) before taking you right into the gaming action .
In addition to finding these titles in the Play Store , you can also check them out under the “ Instant Gameplay ” banner of the new Arcade tab in Google Play Games . While the interface here is slightly different , you 're once again just one tap away from launching the game of your choice—no install needed .
Google Play Instant games in the Play Games Arcade tab .
Previewing Google Play Instant titles is n't a once-and-done experience , either , and you can still see titles you recently played hanging out at the top of the Google Now launcher .
Right now there are only a handful of titles supporting Google Play Instant , and that sounds like the way things are going to be for a while ; Google describes the current state of dev access to the feature as a closed beta , but invites interested parties to register for updates on the tool as it approaches broader availability .
More than 3,700 patients ' records are being checked after new software put the wrong medication details in hospital discharge letters .
The error came to light when doctors questioned medication on letters from West Suffolk Hospital
A Bury GP told the Bury Free Press his practice feared patients could be harmed if doses quoted were too high or low . He said his practice had a man collapse because a dose in his letter was too low , while another patient 's letter said he was still on a ‘ toxic heart drug ' which had been stopped during his hospital stay .
The doctor said GPs had been offered a payment for the extra work in checking patients but were advised this could have made them liable for any mistakes .
Simon Jones , chief executive of Suffolk Local Medical Committee , which represents the county 's GPs , said : “ Suffolk LMC has been working with the hospital on behalf of all of our GPs to support an ongoing , systematic review of discharge letters to see if there have been any mistakes . ”
West Suffolk Hospital said the software was launched in April , 2016 , and the problem discovered in May , 2017 . Not all letters were created using it but it has identified 3,709 patients who could be affected .
Nick Jenkins , medical director at the West Suffolk NHS Foundation Trust , said : “ When we discovered the error , we immediately stopped the use of this part of the electronic system and implemented a manual process .
“ This remained in place until the technical issue was resolved with our digital partner , Cerner , the system developer , and until we had arranged additional training for our staff . No patient information has been inappropriately shared .
“ We have identified the patient records that need to be reviewed , and a team of pharmacists , GPs and hospital clinicians are working together to look at each case . In the rare event that a patient has been affected detrimentally we will contact them directly , but to date our investigation has not revealed any patient harm .
“ We are very concerned that a GP has stated they have identified concerns but not yet reported them to us for investigation . It 's essential they do so .
“ We are very sorry for any worry or uncertainty this may cause our patients . We are investigating this as a serious incident and we would like to reassure our patients and community that we will continue to make this a priority . ”
If patients are concerned they can contact WSH Patient Advice and Liaison Service at PALS @ wsh.nhs.uk or 01284 712555 .
Nominated at the 2015 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards and celebrated as one of Britain 's top folk musicians , Ange Hardy has grabbed the attention of the traditional folk music world by writing new material and embracing modern technologies whilst maintaining a traditional feel .
Her rapid rise in the folk world began when her 2013 debut album Bare Foot Walk was played on BBC Radio 2 .
Her 2014 album The Lament of The Black Sheep subsequently received five stars from The Telegraph which led to Arts Council England funding her 2015 album Esteeesee .
Last year 's album , Findings , was launched during a live session on the BBC Radio 2 Folk Show and was toured nationally at venues including the prestigious Sage in Gateshead .
Whether she is performing in a sold out theatre or an intimate village hall , Ange brings a level of honesty and openness to the stage that is as refreshing as it is disarming .
Her focus on vocal harmony and her pitch perfect vocal talent has led her toward adopting a live-looping pedal ; a digital tape recorder at her feet that allows her to record and play back layers of vocal harmony live from the stage .
In doing so she brings her talent as a recording artist to a live performance , adding an extra dimension to an already captivating stage presence .
Between recording albums , Ange has always found time to write and release a Christmas single every year and she is currently writing new material .
She will perform at the Limelight Theatre in Aylesbury at 8pm on Friday , April 28 .
Tickets cost £13 , concessions £11 and can be bought online at www.qpc.org or from the box office on 01296 424332 .
Free parking available on site .
Thursday was the night of the paper airplanes at Wembley Stadium . Twitter user @ adamjshergold Screengrab
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) — The Senate 's top leader says it 's `` premature '' to tout President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize in pursuing a peace deal with North Korea .
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chuckled as he mentioned the `` chagrin '' it would cause the Nobel committee to award Trump the world 's most coveted diplomatic prize .
The Republican senator made the comments this week to WHAS-AM in his home state of Kentucky .
U.S. and North Korean officials are continuing talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un . McConnell says the U.S. should always be `` skeptical '' when dealing with North Korea , but says it 's good that Trump and Kim could meet .
Photo : Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music . Over the weekend , however , Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London .
Related : Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘ The Trick to Holding On '
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “ Blank Space ” and “ Shake It Off ” from the former . From the latter , Taylor performed “ Gorgeous , ” “ Look What You Made Me Do ” and “ …Ready For It ? ” For good measure , Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik : “ I Do n't Wan na Live Forever . ”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live . Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne .
Watch Taylor perform “ Ready For It , ” “ Gorgeous ” and “ Look What You Made Me Do ” below :
Get the Think newsletter .
“ Do you mean , citizens , to mock me , by asking me to speak to-day ? ” Frederick Douglass asked a packed hall of fellow Americans in Rochester , New York on July 5 , 1852 , a full 10 years before Lincoln would sign an executive order freeing enslaved persons in southern and bordering states . Douglass , who had made Rochester his home base for more than a decade after a harrowing escape and journey north to freedom aided by his future wife , Anna Murray Douglass ( a free black woman ) , had , by the time of his speech , penned an autobiography and became the preeminent abolitionist of the time .
“ Fellow-citizens , ” he continued in his speech commemorating Independence Day , “ above your national , tumultuous joy , I hear the mournful wail of millions ! Whose chains , heavy and grievous yesterday , are , to-day , rendered more intolerable by the jubilee shouts that reach them . ”
Frederick Douglass AP
Context here is important : Just two years prior , Congress had passed the Fugitive Slave Act as part of the final provisions of the Compromise of 1850 . It provided legal cover for enslavers to ruthlessly pursue human beings across state lines and force them back into servitude . The Compromise of 1850 had tightened tensions between the northern states and the southern states over slavery in the western territories , where white Americans had already expelled indigenous nations from their lands .
Federal policy had thus sanctioned some pretty disturbing and yet legal rules to placate the powerful few , further empowering southern planters and enslavers to hire bounty hunters to ( and compel citizens to assist them in efforts to ) drag women and men back to hell . Harsh rhetoric and fierce activism was necessary to shock the nation into response and end one of its greatest evils .
Thus , in 1852 , Douglass saw fit to tell the nation about herself : His address is as much a powerful historical record of moral outrage as it is a poetic document . A conscientious objector , a dissident and a patriot eschewed silence and civility and issued a torrent of eloquent anger to rouse the spirit of northern whites to advocate the end of slavery for a nation who reifies her origins as a beacon of freedom and the embodiment of the enlightenment era 's highest ideals .
This mythology of American independence — that it is self-evident that all men are created equal — is a fable we continue to repeat , but it is incomplete .
And in 2018 , Douglass ' words still rattle and sear the soul . How can anyone celebrate our forefathers independence from tyrannical rule when we are witnessing in real time the separation of families and migrants , who emulate those who for generations sought refuge on these shores for our entire history ? How can anyone celebrate the founding of this nation when civil liberties and systemic injustices yet persist for all who are non-white men ?
This mythology of American independence — that it is self-evident that all men are created equal — is a fable we continue to repeat , but it is incomplete . We tell and retell a story of exceptionalism , of grit and of one set of experiences while negating a coterie of horrors and atrocity wrought for the fulfillment of enlightenment ideals for one small subset of the idealized .
Reading Douglass ' sharpest , most famous rebuke , read in 2018 — after 500 days of the Trump administration — is great to meditate during the 242nd anniversary of this nation 's founding .
Frederick Douglass circa 1880 . MPI / Getty Images
“ What , to the American slave , is your 4th of July ? '' he asked . `` I answer ; a day that reveals to him , more than all other days in the year , the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim . To him , your celebration is a sham ; your boasted liberty , an unholy license ; your national greatness , swelling vanity ; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless ; your denunciation of tyrants , brass fronted impudence ; your shouts of liberty and equality , hollow mockery ; your prayers and hymns , your sermons and thanksgivings , with all your religious parade and solemnity , are , to Him , mere bombast , fraud , deception , impiety , and hypocrisy -- a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages . ''
`` There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody than are the people of the United States , at this very hour , ” he added .
Douglass ' words cut to the quick when Americans have to face cruel acts done in our name .
Today , America at her 242nd year , there are children in detention centers or internment camps scattered across the country . These children , from infants to pre-teens , came from all over Central America and may never all be reconciled with their parents with whom they traveled to seek asylum .
The naive among us cry , “ This is not America ! ” , evidence of a struggle to recall countless moments in the nation 's long story where agents of the state and citizens have brutalized fellow Americans . Slavery 's practice was to separate families , often by brutalizing black women through rape and selling their children to enslavers for profit . In the late 19th century until mid 20th century , the federal government made it a practice to separate Native American children from their parents , placing them in federal-controlled boarding schools whose sole function was to “ kill the Indian in him , and save the man , ” famously coined by an army officer . And , of course , even family internment is not new in America , after the internment of Japanese American citizens during World War II -- a federal policy fueled by racial animus not dissimilar to the current administration 's actions against Muslims .
This battle for the narrative of America is a spiritual war in which we are all ensnared , implicated .
And yet , at this bitter hour in America 's story , the insincere among us demand civility from those dissenting against unjust laws and cruelty , even though uncivilized nationalistic populism has been inculcated in the party that once championed the end of slavery , a party which now contorts itself to recognize the humanity of Nazis and white nationalists , at least some of whom have proved themselves willing to ( allegedly ) plow cars into a swell of crowds engaged in peaceful protests , or tried to convince white , powerful men that the cries of children are cheap appeals at undeserved sympathy .
And the feckless leadership of the minority party has , by and large , acquiesced to the appeals of bad actors who demand civility yet offer none .
“ America is false to the past , false to the present , and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future , ” Douglass cautioned in 1852 . America in her 242nd year faces yet another reckoning . There is a dangerous single story the nation has told itself about who we are and how that came to be . And , if we 're to be honest here , this battle for the narrative of America is a spiritual war in which we are all ensnared , implicated .
We have n't been honest about who we are ; The reckoning we are witnessing is is battle for the soul of America . We 're fighting for own humanity , less we — or at least the ideal we say that we strive to embody — perishes from the earth .
Syreeta McFadden is a writer and a professor of English in New York . Her work has appeared in the New York Times Magazine , Rolling Stone , BuzzFeed News , and elsewhere .
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Marco Gonzales delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Chicago . Charles Rex Arbogast AP Photo
The May 2017 term of the Fannin County Grand Jury returned 29 true bills of indictment during the week of ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
Unable to close a one-goal gap , the Joel Barlow High hockey team eventually lost a 6-2 decision to Bethel-Brookfield-Danbury ( BBD ) on Monday , Feb. 13 , at the Danbury Arena .
The Falcons trailed 2-1 after one period with a goal from Kyle Converse and the assist going to Ryan Lauter . The Icecats increased the lead to two with another goal in the next frame .
Converse struck again in the third with seven minutes to go with Grant Ciccarello assisting but BBD picked up the pace in the time remaining , netting three more goals .
Zac Gormley made 32 saves in goal for the Falcons .
JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice , others
At least 62,140 candidates will have to re-write university admission examinations as the Joint Examination and Matriculation Board , JAMB , has delisted computer-based centres ( CBT ) from board examination as a result of technical deficiencies , extortion , organised examination malpractice and other infractions . The board also suspended 24 centres for one year due to technical issues . It said [ … ]
The post JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice , others appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The financial services industry has always had to embrace new digital technologies and platforms in order to remain competitive . This has centred on its ability to collect and deliver insights to support decision making . As consumers , however , we do n't particularly care about the back office technology . We look for an experience that will simply give us what we need , when we need it , and on the platforms we use .
The use of new technology has transformed the ways in which workflow and processes happen in financial institutions , but multiple successive generations of technological innovation turned their attention to managing the cost and complexity of legacy systems , instead of delivering based on user needs .
Even with new , shiny looking technology , the industry 's tendency to use middleware software to make older systems communicate with newer systems negatively affects the uptake of new , customer-centric applications , creating a possible loss of revenue and customers if time-to-market is slowed down . This restricts the flexibility of a system , resulting in a greater cost model to support and critically ensure regulatory compliance .
Read the entire article here , Delivering a First-Class Financial Customer Experience With Digital Workspaces
via the fine folks at VMware !
A participant with the 40 Days for Life campaign , stands outside the Jackson Women 's Health Organization clinic in Jackson , Miss. , seeking support to their efforts to end abortion , Thursday , March 8 , 2018 . The facility is currently Mississippi 's only abortion clinic . Rogelio V. Solis AP
Sometimes I moonlight over at the Shinbone Star . They are very gracious to let me hang with such capable and bright journalists and editors , I think they feel sorry for me and let me pretend to be one of them from time to time . Check out their site and give them a follow .
This is really hard to admit , but I am obsessed with something . I can not get it out of my mind . I think about it , rolling it over and over again , like a shiny stone , trying to fully comprehend its essence . What is my little shiny obsession ? It 's Trump . Playing golf . I know WTF , right ? It 's [ … ]
via Golf and the Phallus-y of Trump — THE SHINBONE STAR
Moon Alert
We have the “ all clear ” today to shop and do business . The Moon is in Libra .
Aries ( March 21-April 19 )
Today the Moon is in Libra , which is 180 degrees opposite from Aries . This means you have to give a little when dealing with others . Be attentive ; be polite ; be helpful : look interested in what others are saying even if you are n't . ( This just requires some style and discipline . )
Taurus ( April 20-May 20 )
This is a positive day at work ! Relations with coworkers are upbeat and supportive , and your dealings with customers and work-related people are happy . If you 're not at work , this same positive energy will apply to any task that you set for yourself today .
Gemini ( May 21-June 20 )
This is a playful , gentle sort of day . Grab any opportunity to do something different because you need some stimulation ! Romance is promising . You might enjoy fun activities with children . You will definitely like to enjoy the arts and sports events .
Cancer ( June 21-July 22 )
It 's the end of the week and you want to put your feet up and relax at home . Order in take out . Give yourself a break . Luxuriate in your own solitude or invite the gang over for pizza and beer . Enjoy a low-key celebration to the end of your week because you deserve it .
Leo ( July 23-Aug. 22 )
Your communication skills are tops today ! That 's why this is a good day for those in sales , marketing , teaching , acting or any kind of writing or editing . You will be cooperative , diplomatic and articulate . Naturally , these great schmooze skills will shine in any fun , social situation .
Virgo ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 )
You see ways to boost your income today or take care of and maintain something you own . ( You love it when things are ticketeyboo although this is easier said than done . ) Nevertheless , motivation is everything . If you want your finances to be organized – that 's a start .
Libra ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 )
Today the Moon is in your sign , which heighten your awareness and your senses to everything around you . For two days every month , the Moon is in your sign , and during this time , you will feel a stronger need to relate to others . It also brings you a little bit of extra good luck !
Scorpio ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 )
You might choose to withdraw and just relax today , especially at home . ( Cancers feel the same way . ) A few might want to party ; but most will want to rest at home in front of the TV with some yummy food . Enjoy a family night with loved ones .
Sagittarius ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 )
This is a great day to schmooze with friends and groups today . All kinds of get-togethers and meetings will please you , especially volunteer work or helping a charitable organization . This includes family get-togethers as well . Set aside some time today to identify your hopes and dreams for the future . Know what you want .
Capricorn ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 )
You might have a financial discussion with a boss , parent or someone in authority today . If so , others might also be aware of this because it seems like your personal business is a bit public today . ( ? ) Go after what you want because you just might get it .
Aquarius ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 )
Shake things up today ! Do something different . You need a change of scenery and some stimulation ! What you really want is some exciting adventure but hey , settle for what you can by doing something different . Try anything .
Pisces ( Feb. 19-March 20 )
You will be successful dealing with red-tape details regarding banking , insurance issues , inheritances and shared property . You ca n't ignore this stuff forever . Stay on top of things so that you know what 's happening .
If Your Birthday Is Today
Boxer Oscar De La Hoya ( 1973 ) shares your birthday today . You are an original thinker and a great problem solver . You are also courageous in standing up your beliefs . This year is a power year ! Big decisions and major achievements ! Think success , power and money ! It 's time to reap the benefits of the last decade . Expect to attain aspects of power and leadership in all your relationships with others . Activity is key !
Kevin Durant liked an Instagram comment criticising former Oklahoma City Thunder team-mate Russell Westbrook but the Golden State Warriors star insisted it was a `` total accident '' .
Durant drew attention for his social media use again on Monday after he liked a comment that described reigning NBA MVP Russell Westbrook as `` the problem '' when the two were Thunder team-mates .
The pair played together in Oklahoma City from 2008-16 before Durant signed as a free agent with the Warriors .
Kevin Durant forgets to use his burner account again and likes an Instagram comment calling Russell Westbrook `` the problem '' https : //t.co/bknXGyUNwZ pic.twitter.com/BLpZO2xRrd — Barstool Sports ( @ barstoolsports ) April 23 , 2018
Durant later told ESPN that he liked the comment by mistake .
The comment liked by Durant was left on a post discussing his advice to Milwaukee Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo .
The advice centred around Durant 's time with the Thunder .
Durant 's social media activity has come under scrutiny before . In September , he was caught using an alternate Twitter account to respond to critics .
The Warriors hold a 3-1 lead over the San Antonio Spurs in opening round of their Western Conference matchup , while Westbrook 's Thunder trail the Utah Jazz 2-1 .
Saraki 's CCT triumph : I predicted it and it came to pass – Fayose
Ekiti State Governor , Mr Ayodele Fayose has hailed the triumph of the
Senate President , Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT )
as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny , saying ; “ I am happy that
I predicted that the CCT will absolve the Senate President in my 2017
predictions and it has come to pass . ”
Governor Fayose who drew the attention of Nigerians to number eight of
his 22 predictions for year 2017 , said ; “ I said it categorically that
the Code of Conduct Tribunal will absolve Senate President Bukola
Saraki and today , the prediction came to pass . ”
Reacting to the CCT judgment discharging Senator Saraki through his
Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media , Lere
Olayinka , the governor said the judgment was another lesson for the
President Muhammadu Buhari led All Progressives Congress ( APC ) federal
government that criminal cases are not won on the pages of newspapers .
He congratulated the Senate President , urging him to see the victory
as a challenge to him and the entire members of the National Assembly
to always stand up to defend the the rule of law and fundamental
rights of Nigerians .
The governor said ; “ I have maintained that the government of President
Buhari is not fighting any corruption . Rather , what is being done is
hiding under anti-corruption fight to persecute , humiliate , harass and
malign perceived political enemies .
“ They go about trying their perceived political foes in the media ,
with the aim of destroying their names when they do not have any
evidence that can sustain court trial and it is for this reason that
they have been losing corruption cases .
“ Look at all the noise they made when they started Senator Saraki 's
case , it was as if he will be sent to jail the following week . But
when it was time for them to prove their allegations , they could not .
“ Even the case of the former National Security Adviser ( NSA ) , Col .
Sambo Dasuki ( rtd ) , that they said stole $ 2.1 billion arms money and
that destructive weapons capable of disrupting the peace of any city
in Nigeria were found in his possession , why are they the ones seeking
for secret trial while Dasuki that they accused is insisting on open
trial ?
“ Up till today , they have not brought any evidence against Dasuki .
They have not even been able to commence his trial . Instead , they have
continually disobeyed court orders that he should be released from
detention . ”
The post Saraki 's CCT triumph : I predicted it and it came to pass – Fayose appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:08 Lorenzo Carter is excited for Dominick Sanders to return for senior season
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
2:15 Department of Labor : 'Overtime - it 's about time '
While Canada 's $ 72 billion Information Communications Technology ( ICT ) sector is poised to be a leader in the global technology revolution , the sector is hampered by a skills crunch , driven by the rapid speed of technological change . This comprehensive 3-part series from EDC delve into how the skills shortage came to be , how talent will help ICT companies attain the next level , and how to overcome the challenges facing the industry .
Reuters content is the intellectual property of Reuters Limited . Any copying , republication or redistribution of Reuters content , including by caching , framing or similar means is expressly prohibited without the prior consent of Reuters . Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content , or for any actions taken in reliance thereon . Reuters , the Reuters Logo , and the Sphere Logo are registered trademarks of the Reuters group of companies around the world . For additional information on other Reuters Services please visit the Reuters public web site - http : //www.reuters.com .
BOSTON — Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards .
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city 's Roxbury section , on the set of a sequel to the “ The Equalizer . ”
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time , and it does not appear the guards were targeted .
The guards , a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man , suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital .
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds , Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins . They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offences .
The Suffolk County district attorney 's office says they were due to be arraigned Friday in Roxbury Municipal Court .
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney .
See Released Barclays English Premier League 's 2017/2018 Match Fixtures , Kick Off 12th August
August is around the corner again even though it is still two months out but believe me when I say it will be upon us before a blink . The tussle and tussle of Premier League beckons again and knowing that Nigerians mostly love to watch the EPL , hence I 'm bringing you the released fixtures of 2017/2018 tournament ..
Premier League champions Chelsea will begin the defense of their title at home against Burnley . The new Premier League season will kick off on the weekend of August 12-13 2017 as Antonio Conte 's men will want to start the new season on a good note .
Newly promoted Newcastle host Tottenham , while Brighton welcome Manchester City and Huddersfield visit Crystal Palace . Arsenal who are the reigning FA Cup champions and will start their own season with a tough duel against former League champions Leicester City at the Emirates .
Above is the complete fixtures for the opening day Sunday 12th August 2017 . Read the complete season fixtures @
The post See Released Barclays English Premier League 's 2017/2018 Match Fixtures , Kick Off 12th August appeared first on Ngyab .
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says North Korea 's latest failed missile launch was a reckless act of provocation .
Mattis commented on the weekend missile launch in an interview with reporters traveling with him Tuesday to Saudi Arabia , where he begins a weeklong Mideast tour . His language was stronger than in an initial written statement he issued shortly after the launch , in which he simply said he was aware of the failure .
“ The leader of North Korea again recklessly tried to provoke something by launching a missile , ” he said .
Mattis did not identify the type of missile but said it was not of intercontinental range , meaning it could not reach U.S. territory . He did not comment on what might have caused the missile to fail .
Mattis credited China with trying to help get the North Korea situation “ under control ” with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula .
Asked about his visit to Saudi Arabia , Mattis said the desert kingdom is a “ pillar of our security framework for the region . ”
The U.S. military is providing support for a Saudi-led coalition fighting anti-government Houthi rebels , but Mattis said the U.S. focus is on arranging a United Nations-brokered negotiating team to resolve Yemen 's civil war diplomatically .
“ This is something , with the number of innocent people dying inside Yemen , that simply has to be brought to an end , ” he said .
The U.S. security alliance with Saudi Arabia , dating to 1944 and based largely on the Saudis ' oil riches , has made Washington the kingdom 's most important arms supplier .
The man who says he sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday he thinks he is being treated unfairly , and he was positive at the time the drill was real .
The man , who said he does n't want to be identified for security reasons , was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency ( HI-EMA ) earlier this week . He told CNN on Friday that he feels terrible about what happened , but he did what he was trained to do .
He hopes that by speaking out , he can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states .
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man , who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years , according to his lawyer , and his coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts , he said .
`` I thought 100 percent it was real , '' said the former employee , who said he had been involved in about five prior missile drills .
The man said this time he never heard `` exercise , exercise , exercise '' over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker .
The man said he heard the words `` This is not a drill '' in a voice he did not recognize and reacted as he was trained to do . He went on his computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert .
Bruce Oliveira , who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident , said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise .
Oliveira , who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general , also told reporters , `` When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued , '' the employee who sent it out `` seemed confused , he froze and another employee had to take over his responsibilities . ''
The employee `` had a history of confusing drill and real-world events , '' Oliveira said .
The man disagreed with the state 's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill .
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change , he and others lacked training , the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that was n't corrected for 38 minutes .
He also said protocols for the drills he was involved in changed each time .
`` The ( state and the Federal Communications Commission ) have false information in the reports , '' the man said .
Attorney Michael Green said his client was a scapegoat .
`` No one was ready for this day , '' Green said by phone . `` They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened . ''
Green and his client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert . Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled . The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom .
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found `` that insufficient management controls , poor computer software design and human factors contributed '' to the alert and a delayed correction message .
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan , Hawaii 's state adjutant general , said Vern Miyagi , administrator of the state emergency management agency , resigned Tuesday .
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of his employees , Logan said . Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken , Logan said .
Logan said he appointed Brig . Gen. Moses Kaoiwi , director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard , as interim agency administrator .
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations , including eliminating practice drills during a shift change , stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert , and improved training .
The former employee told CNN that the task he was assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job .
But he said that he thinks the military is better equipped for alerts . Before November , the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency 's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes , possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events .
FCC report
Oliveira 's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday .
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic .
`` Many things went wrong in Hawaii , '' FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement . `` I do n't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials . We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii , but anywhere else where they may exist . ''
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing , the report noted . The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to him about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked him to write a statement .
He said he then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against him to agency officials . He said he saw a doctor for sleep issues . He also had his hearing tested ( no issues there , he said ) .
Green said his client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
The Student Telecounseling Program is accepting applications from Texas Tech undergraduate students that can assist the Office of Undergraduate Admissions in recruiting freshmen and transfer students . The program consists of a group of current students that call and email prospective students . The Student Telecounseling staff is trained on sharing their experiences as a Texas Tech student and answering questions concerning the University and the Lubbock community . Details : -Staff is required to work 12-20 hours a week -Program operates on Sundays 11-3 & 3-7 p.m and Monday-Thursday 5-9 p.m. -Set your own schedule -Off most holidays -Gain valuable experience -Work Study preferred * * * Applications Due April 28th ! If you are interested in applying or learning more about the Student Telecounseling Program , please visit the following page : https : //www.depts.ttu.edu/admissions/StudentStaff/list.php Posted :
4/17/2017
Originator :
Kelsey James
Email :
kelsey.james @ ttu.edu
Department :
N/A
Categories
Student Employment/Career Opportunities
Here 's a twist not even the hardiest Game of Thrones book fans could have predicted : Yara Greyjoy plays Karen Matthews . Well , actress Gemma Whelan , best known as the most dangerous woman on the Iron Islands , can be spotted as Shannon Matthews ' mum in chilling BBC drama The Moorside .
However , many viewers found her pretty hard to recognise with her northern accent and clever make-up job…
Swear that 's Yara Greyjoy from GOT pic.twitter.com/pl7te9uska — Jae Gilbert ( @ HomeHillJae ) February 7 , 2017
Oh my god as if it 's the same woman who plays Yara Greyjoy on Game of Thrones 😂 pic.twitter.com/tKwUriDz4y — Randall Bell ( @ randallbell ) February 7 , 2017
HOLD . THE . PHONE .
YARA GREYJOY = KAREN MATTHEWS
😶 # TheMoorside — Lisa Richardson ( @ lisa_richie ) February 8 , 2017
The moment you realise Karen from # themoorside is Yara Greyjoy from Game of Thrones ! # chameleon 🦎 — rebecca gleeson ( @ BecsyBoo_ ) February 7 , 2017
Yara Greyjoy did it — Mac ( @ MackenzieCFC ) February 8 , 2017
But they 're forgetting : 35-year-old Whelan is a chameleon on screen , having starred as Veronica in BBC3 sitcom Uncle , as well as appearing in Morgana Robinson 's The Agency last year .
She 's also an accomplished stand-up , having won a Funny Women Variety Award in 2010 .
And that was n't the only familiar face hidden away last night : Sherlock 's Sian Brooke also starred as Natalie Brown in The Moorside . The Matthews ' concerned neighbour has the same face as Eurus Holmes , Culverton Smith 's daughter , Watson 's psychologist and his mistress .
Think you 've spotted another famous face ? Check more details about The Moorside 's cast and characters here .
The Moorside concludes 9pm next Tuesday , BBC1
By DENNIS WASZAK Jr.AP Sports Writer
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. ( AP ) - Matt Forte remains focused only on winning , no matter what anyone else thinks .
So , when some New York Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season - or , should - to get a high draft pick next spring , the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion .
`` It 's a good thing we do n't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks , '' Forte said Wednesday before the team 's second minicamp practice . `` What we think as a team , that 's what 's going to happen . And none of us on the team think that we 're going to tank .
`` So all I have to say about that is : Bring it . ''
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries . Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis , Brandon Marshall , Eric Decker , Nick Mangold , David Harris and Nick Folk .
When asked if he thinks the Jets have a competitive roster , Forte laughed .
`` What kind of question is that ? '' he said . `` This is a professional football team . We have athletes on this team . In the league , it 's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster . It 's about the guys who have a brotherhood together . They play on the field , not next to each other , they play for each other . They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays .
`` That 's the kind of culture that we 've been creating throughout the offseason here . ''
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets . And he has n't been assured that he 'll be around for this season .
`` I do n't worry about stuff like that , '' said Forte , whose 813 yards rushing in his first season with the Jets were the lowest of his career . `` Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff . I 'm pretty sure if they did , my agent would 've called me . I go out and practice every day to attain a goal , which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be . ''
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles , who on Tuesday dismissed the `` tanking '' notion .
`` Lucky for me , I do n't read the media , '' Bowles said , `` but my expectations are high and the team 's expectations are high and that 's really all that counts . ''
When asked what he 's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions , Bowles insisted nothing has changed .
`` I 'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl , '' the coach said . `` It 's no different than any other year . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Gigi Hadid does n't seem to slow down . The gorgeous supermodel had an amazing start of the year . After releasing the lookbook for her fourth collection with Tommy Hilfiger , Hadid surprised us with another big campaign . She is the star of Reebok 's “ Always Classic ” Spring 2018 campaign in which she models the brand 's latest Freestyle Hi sneaker . Shot by Russel James , Gigi also promotes pieces from the brand 's newest collection .
“ From the runway to the gym , Gigi continually pushes her limits to be the best version of herself , breaking boundaries and proving that nothing is impossible . Her fearless attitude is the perfect embodiment of the Freestyle Hi ; from being the first fitness shoe for women in the '80s to being a style icon today , the sneaker has transcended from fitness to fashion , encouraging generations of women to express themselves without limitations. ” - states the official Reebok Classic statement .
The gorgeous 22-year-old flaunts her rock hard abs in a fun sporty ensemble by Reebok Classics . Gigi is wearing a pair of chic blue sweatpants and a cropped white sweatshirt with fun patterns . As a highlight in all of the shots , you 'll see the upgraded Freestyle Hi sneakers in Sandstone/White . This design is one of the most popular Reebok Classic creations of all time . It was first introduced in the '80s , and since then fans got to enjoy many different upgrades and variations . What once was the ideal gym shoe , today evolved into every celebrity 's favorite everyday sneaker .
The new silhouette is available online at reebok.com . You 'll find it in two colors : Sandstone/White and Pale Pink / White / Cool Shadow . Aside from these two , there are many other fun colors to choose from , including metallics and pastels . The price range varies between $ 70 and $ 100 .
As a part of the campaign , Reebok Classic also tapped other trending names including hip-hop duo Rae Sremmurd , model Sharina Gutierrez , singer Teyana Taylor , rapper Lil Yachty , K-pop star Somi , singer Ariana Grande , street artists Felipe Pantone and SANY . According to the brand , all of these individuals are great professionals in their fields , who constantly tend to push boundaries . The features stars were chosen because of their limitless inspiration and talents .
Reebok Classic 's Franchise Four collective will involve four separate campaigns for the Classic Leather , Freestyle Hi , Club C and Workout Plus styles . As a part of Reebok 's long-term occupation for women 's empowerment , the “ Always Classic ” campaign will once again show strong and powerful lady figures that are inspiring in many ways .
Photo Credit : James Russel
( AP Photo/Phil Long ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James , right gets a laugh out of JR Smith during the second half of an NBA preseason basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks in Cleveland , Wednesday , Oct. 4 , 2017 . James did not play in the Cavaliers ...
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND ( AP ) - LeBron James will sit out Friday 's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as he recovers from a sprained left ankle .
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when he stepped on a teammate 's foot in practice . He took part in Cleveland 's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how he responded before deciding if he would try to go against the Pacers . He 's going to sit again as a precaution , the team said .
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday 's preseason opener against Atlanta . Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago .
James and his teammates attended Thursday night 's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees .
Iman Shumpert will miss Friday 's game with a sprained left foot that is expected to keep him out for a week or more .
The Cavaliers open the regular season on Oct. 17 against the Boston Celtics .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Mattis Emphasizes Trump 's 'Strong Support ' for NATO
At his first NATO meeting as defense secretary , James Mattis said the cost of defending freedom needs to be properly shared .
Wine students can now earn a specialized sommelier certification in a single semester .
Los Angeles , CA ( PRUnderground ) March 19th , 2018
The National Wine School is unveiling a bold new qualification for the wine trade : the Single Semester Sommelier Program ( SSSP ) . Not every wine professional needs to become a Master Sommelier , but most are required to have specialized knowledge . SSSP allows students to earn essential certifications without the requirement to complete a full two-year program .
The program is not just for Sommeliers ; it allows for a versatile curriculum tailored to the professional needs of each student . New qualifications include Certified Winemaker , Spanish Wine Specialist™ , International Wine Scholar™ , Certified Sommelier-Instructor , and Wine Law Specialist™ .
In April , the Single Semester Sommelier Program is being premiered in New York , Philadelphia , and Los Angeles . All three locations will offer the Spanish Wine Specialist™ . Seating in Los Angeles and New York is by invitation only . However , the Philadelphia premiere semester is open to all .
For details on registering for the Philadelphia program , please go the Wine School of Philadelphia 's website at www.vinology.com .
Completion of the program will earn the student the Spanish Wine Specialist™ certification . The student is also one step closer to wearing the Advanced Sommelier Pin . It takes four certifications as well as the lower-level Sommelier Certificate to qualify for the pin .
After the initial semester , courses will be premiered in Philadelphia before being rolled out to other locations . Full nationwide certification rollout is projected to be complete by 2022 . The Single Semester Sommelier Program is ANSI compliant and SCORM ready for deployment in universities and colleges . Plus , the National Wine School offers accreditation for independent wine schools .
About National Wine School
The National Wine School is a California-based professional school that offers offers sommelier certification programs . The school does not accept students directly . It delivers training , testing , accreditation , and online resources to its network of schools and colleges .
Neighbour goes on location next week when Leo Tanaka touches down in London on the trail of Dakota Davies , former business partner and old flame of his father Paul Robinson , marking the return of British actress and TV personality Sheree Murphy to the cast .
Advertisement
Dynamic Dakota was last seen in Erinsborough back in 2014 having originally hooked up with the Ramsay Street rogue during his murky time in Brazil during the 90s . The couple 's fiery relationship ended when deceitful Ms Davies conned him out of a load of cash after he busted her jewellery smuggling scam .
With Paul desperate for answers on the fire that killed Rafael Humphries ' mum in Brazil many years ago , which the bad boy businessman ca n't remember because the brain tumour he had at the time , he realises Dakota holds the key to his innocence and has sent son Leo to find her .
We spoke to ex-Emmerdale and Hollyoaks star Murphy about her brief return to Neighbours for a special on-location episode , which airs on Monday 26 March .
How did you react when you were asked back for this single episode ?
I thought I was going to Australia , but they came to London ! It was a bit disappointing not to be in the sunshine . When I was in Neighbours last time it was winter in Melbourne and absolutely freezing . My old mate Ryan Thomas ( ex-Corrie star currently playing Rafael ) filmed there for the summer for his stint , it 's not fair ! If they ever ask me back I 'll have to demand it be in Australia when it 's hot…
Did you enjoy the storyline ?
Oh yes , it was so much fun . I 'm based up north between Manchester and Liverpool these days but I 'm from London and always visiting family there . We filmed in a lovely location under Tower Bridge . My scenes were with Tim Kano who plays Leo , I 'd not met him before but am still friends with Olympia Valance ( Paige Smith ) who said he was a lovely guy , really cool , and she was right . We had a good time .
Leo meets with Dakota but he 's got an agenda to get information out of her , what happens ?
It 's a honeytrap to get Dakota to confess to something that happened in Brazil that Paul ca n't recall because of his tumour . There was a fire at one of their factories and everyone wants answers . Leo dupes her into a fake business meeting and it 's all going according to plan , but Dakota is just a little bit too smart for him ! She susses halfway through something is not right . Leo is a chip off the old block , but not as smart as his dad ! Without giving too much away she turns the tables and leaves them high and dry !
Has Dakota changed ?
She 's still involved in a dodgy , double-dealing lifestyle and ca n't leave it behind . I do n't think she 's a bad person but she 's in too deep . But she has lots of good memories of being with Paul and I truly believe she loved him , despite how it ended . She has a hard exterior and would save herself before saving anyone else , but there is a softer side too .
Was it nice to revisit the character ?
Definitely . I had to watch old clips to remind me about playing her though as it had been a while ! As soon as I read the script she was there , it all came back . There are lots of layers to the character , I do a lot of comedy so to play this sassy businesswoman was great .
Are there plans for her to come back again ?
She 's still out there ! The producers have been kind enough to leave the door open so you never know , and there 's so much history with her and Paul so it 's a possibility .
You were also in Emmerdale and Hollyoaks , is EastEnders next ? !
I 'm a proper EastEnder , I was born in Hackney , so growing up I always thought if I did a soap that would be the one . The only brush I 've had was years ago I auditioned and did a workshop when they were developing and casting what became the Jackson family , and got quite far down the line . Maybe I could 've been Bianca , but nobody could play her like Patsy Palmer !
What would your dream ‘ Enders role be ?
Probably a comedy character as that comes more naturally to me , I love comedy . Or maybe a Slater ? They 've got cousins everywhere . I 'd fit right in . I 've got the brunette look !
Visit our dedicated Neighbours page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
Advertisement
Neighbour continues weekdays on Channel 5 at 1.45pm and 5.30pm .
Why it matters to you Verizon 's first smartwatch boasts a laundry list of features many others ca n't match , which could make it a promising candidate for a wearable .
In February , Verizon unveiled an exclusive smartwatch called the Wear24 . Built by Taiwanese firm QDM Quanta , which has produced devices on contract for HP , Dell , and Lenovo , the Wear24 was slated for release in March . But that day never came and consequently , the watch slipped out of the public eye — until now . Verizon will launch the Wear24 on May 11 , the company announced .
Now , while it is easy to write off most carrier-branded products , the Wear24 surprisingly has quite a bit going for it . For starters , it 's launching with Android Wear 2.0 in tow — which many smartwatches from better-known tech companies are still waiting to receive . With Wear 2.0 comes the arrival of Google Assistant , as well as a variety of new complications , which place information like fitness goal tracking , stock prices , or calendar appointments right on the watch face for immediate viewing .
Further , the update adds a variety of ways to respond to messages from your favorite chat apps , from dictation to handwriting to selecting an emoji that describes your feelings . Google Fit also figures prominently into the new version of Android Wear , with support for pace , distance , heart rate , and rep tracking .
But what makes the Wear24 even more exciting is on-board Wi-Fi and LTE connectivity . With it , the device can make and receive calls and texts , browse and download apps , and access the internet without the need of a paired phone . The watch features a 450mAh battery — large for a smartwatch — to help keep that radio from quickly running the juice dry . NFC means you can use it for payments , too .
Finally , the Wear24 is IP67 rated , allowing it to withstand being submerged under 3.3 feet of water for a maximum of 30 minutes . The combination of all these features creates what is — on paper at least — a very versatile and complete smartwatch , with fitness-minded features that could make it a compelling alternative LG 's Watch Sport .
The Wear24 comes in three colors : gunmetal black , stainless steel , and rose gold . It will be available for either $ 350 outright , or $ 300 with an agreement to a two-year contract with Verizon . The carrier notes that subscribers will be able to add the device to their existing plan for an extra $ 5 per month .
By MARIA INES ZAMUDIOFor The Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Age-related discrimination in the workplace still exists 50 years after the enactment of legislation designed to prevent it , aging experts and advocates told the U.S . Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on Wednesday .
Laurie McCann , senior attorney for the AARP Foundation Litigation , said the law `` should not be treated as a second-class civil rights statute providing older workers far less protection than other civil rights laws . ''
McCann urged the EEOC to be more aggressive in pursuing age discrimination cases .
Wednesday 's meeting was the first in a series aimed at assessing the state of age discrimination 50 years after it became illegal . During the meeting , the commissioners listened to experts and asked questions about possible solutions but there was no set plan for how to address the concerns raised .
Victoria Lipnic , acting EEOC chair , said the commission would work to `` ensure opportunities are based on ability , not age . ''
The agency receives about 20,000 age discrimination complaints each year , with women more likely to file them than men , she said .
`` No one should be denied a job or should lose a job based on assumptions or stereotypes , '' Lipnic said .
McCann said discrimination begins as early as the job search . She cited job listings that include maximum years of experience and others that require applicants to be `` digital natives , '' meaning the applicants grew up using technology .
Research conducted by Patrick Button , assistant professor at Tulane University , examined more than 40,000 applications or resumes sent for 13,000 job postings across the country . The positions were mostly entry-level , a type of job both young workers and older workers often try to get . On average , the resumes were identical but senior applicants , those between 64 and 66 years old , got fewer call backs . The research also found that for older women , the discrimination is more severe and it starts much earlier compared to older men .
`` It seems pretty clear that our challenge as a society is to change the way in which individuals who hire , promote or fire workers think about the category of 'older workers ' or think about the category of 'older female workers , ' '' said Commissioner Chai R. Feldblum .
Commissioner Jenny R. Yang said she was concerned about the possibility of older workers being excluded from the tech industry , which is growing rapidly . Yang cited a study that estimated that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million new tech jobs but only 400,000 skilled workers . She said older workers need technology skills to be able to be a part of that growing economy .
___
EDITOR 'S NOTE - Maria Ines Zamudio is studying aging and workforce issues as part of a 10-month fellowship at The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research , which joins NORC 's independent research and AP journalism . The fellowship is funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
NEW YORK — A video taken on the set of Mission : Impossible 6 shows Tom Cruise limping after performing a stunt where he jumps between buildings .
The video was published Sunday by TMZ . It captures a tethered Cruise leaping to a building , hitting its side and then crawling over the top and running away . After he finished the take , Cruise is seen limping , though he was able to rappel back to the building he jumped from .
The extent of Cruise 's injuries was n't known . Neither Cruise 's representatives nor Paramount Pictures returned messages Sunday .
The 55-year-old actor is well known for performing many of his own stunts .
The sixth instalment in the Mission : Impossible franchise is currently shooting in London . It 's scheduled for release in July next year .
Bruce Springsteen has released his August 23 , 2008 concert , recorded during the E Street Band 's tour in support of Magic . The show took place at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis . The blurb on the concert 's listing reads , “ On the 2007-08 Magic tour , fans began bringing song-request signs . Bruce seemed to revel in the challenge , while the suggestions also appeared to inspire him to resurrect songs he had n't played in decades . There 's no finer show to capture this fan-artist dynamic than this outstanding performance in St. Louis on 8/23/2008 including the surprise opener of the Crystals ' “ Then She Kissed Me ” and Chuck Berry 's “ Little Queenie ” during the encore. ” This marks the first archival concert from Springsteen this year . The new release follows a November 22 , 2009 concert from the HSBC Arena in Buffalo , New York that was released just prior to Christmas . Copyright ( c ) 2017 RTTNews.com . All Rights ReservedLess «
Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel ( 60 ) hands the ball to manager AJ Hinch as he leaves during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in New York . Frank Franklin II AP Photo
Big One ! ! ! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President
Information Nigeria
Revered disco jockey , Olawunmi Okerayi , well known by her stage name DJ Lambo , has been announced as Choc Boi Nations ' President . DJ Lambo , who happens to be an in house DJ and producer for Chocolate City , has grown in ranks to become the first …
and more »
Ponda : With polls to the state assembly election round the corner , Govind Gaude , Independent candidate in Priol constituency launched his campaign by seeking blessings of Shree Mahalasa at Mardol on Sunday evening . Gaude , who is considered a strong contender , marched along with large number of supporters at Mardol and assured people to keep his words.Gaude claimed that fulfilling the assurances given to people will be his priority adding , “ Priol being an agriculture-driven area , promoting agricultural activities , carrying out youth-oriented developmental works , improving quality of education and working for the upbringing of ST community will be our main priority . ”
On his winnability , Gaude said that he is sure about winning this time “ as I have been successful in reaching out to more people and their confidence in me has grown. ” When asked about the incumbent MLA , Gaude said , “ People of Priol know for what they had voted for last time and what they got . People are wise enough to choose their leader and I have faith in them. ” Gaude also addressed his supporters at the Mardol ground . [ NT ]
AppEnsure provides APM for IT Operations to proactively manage end-user experience . AppEnsure uniquely correlates the real end-user response time experience with the application-delivery infrastructure performance , providing contextual , actionable intelligence to reduce resolution time by 95 % of application outages and slowdowns . For Citrix deployments AppEnsure provides actionable performance insights with unprecedented end-to-end visibility for : Published Applications , Shared Desktops and Hosted Desktops .
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
It 's not quite the same as being there , but now anyone with a web connection or a virtual reality headset can visit some of the world 's most celebrated heritage sites — without leaving home . Depicting famous locations through VR may also help preserve site records or even aid in reconstruction if they undergo future damage .
The Open Heritage project — a collaboration between Google and an Oakland , California-based nonprofit called CyArk — has posted online realistic 3D models of 26 heritage locations in 18 countries , including the 1,000-year-old Temple of Kukulcan in the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá in Mexico ; parts of the Roman city of Pompeii , buried by an eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 A.D. ; and the Native American cliff dwellings at Mesa Verde in southern Colorado .
Specialists from CyArk take photogrammetric images of the cliff dwellings at Mesa Verde in southern Colorado . CyArk / Open Heritage
“ We 've been collecting these sites for 15 years , ” said CyArk CEO John Ristevski . “ Google approached us about opening up our archives to a much broader audience , and we 've been wanting to do that for a long time . ”
The 26 locations are a fraction of more than 200 heritage sites that CyArk has documented around the world since 2003 , using digital photography , aerial drones , and a 3D laser scanning technology known as LIDAR ( for light detection and ranging ) .
A CyArk specialist uses a drone to take photogrammetry images at Chavin de Huantar , a remote pre-Inca religious site in Peru . CyArk / Open Heritage
Detailed 3D models of the unique buildings and ancient artifacts , maps , and high-resolution 360-degree photographs from the 26 locations can be viewed directly on the Open Heritage website with just a web browser , thanks to a new VR interface developed by Google for the project — while those with VR headsets can immerse themselves in a wrap-around view .
The heritage sites range from ancient wonders , like Pompeii and Chichén Itzá , to relatively modern heritage sites like the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin , built in the 18th century .
CyArk plans to add nine more locations , including the Washington Monument and the World War I battleground at Flanders Fields in Belgium , in the next few months — with more to come .
A 3D virtual reality image of three stone temples at Ayutthaya in Thailand . CyArk/Open Heritage CyArk / Open Heritage
Many of the locations in the Open Heritage project can be hard to visit in person , because of their remoteness or because authorities limit access to them . “ Many of these places , for whatever reason , are just not open to the public , ” Ristevski said .
One of the least accessible is Chavín de Huántar , a pre-Inca religious site in north-central Peru that is situated at an elevation of almost 4,000 meters [ 13,000 feet ] . “ That 's a 10-hour bus ride from Lima , ” he said . “ It does not get many tourists , but it 's an amazing site . ”
A 360-degree image of El Caracol ( The Observatory ) at Chichen Itza in Mexico . CyArk / Open Heritage
While the Open Heritage website makes it easier for people to experience heritage sites in virtual reality , CyArk got its start 15 years ago with a different goal — making a permanent record of ancient locations that are under threat from natural events or desecration .
CyArk 's founder , Ben Kacyra , an expatriate Iraqi engineer who now lives in California , learned of the destruction of Afghanistan 's 1,500-year-old Bamiyan Buddhas in 2001 , and decided that he wanted to create three-dimensional digital records of the world 's heritage sites in case they were damaged or destroyed .
Kacyra 's foresight has paid off in more than one case .
Shortly after CyArk technicians mapped the ancient Buddhist temples at Bagan in Myanmar in 2016 , the temples were badly damaged by a massive earthquake . “ One of those temples in Bagan is actually closed to visitors now , so you ca n't even go in there , ” Ristevski said .
CyArk 's detailed digital records are now being used in reconstruction work at Bagan , and virtual reality versions of the Bagan temples can be seen on the Open Heritage website : “ so you 're seeing things that [ tourists ] ca n't even see , ” Ristevski said .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Will getting a rare road victory give Real Salt Lake a much-needed momentum boost heading into two home matches this week ?
That 's the question facing the club as it hosts the Houston Dynamo on Wednesday in Sandy , Utah . This is the first of two home matches for Salt Lake this week . RSL also hosts Seattle on Saturday . Salt Lake has enjoyed considerable success at home this season , winning four of five matches .
It has been a different story away from home . Real Salt Lake made a major breakthrough when it claimed a 1-0 victory over the Sounders in Seattle during the weekend . It marked the first win for Salt Lake in seven road matches this season .
RSL ( 5-6-1 ) posted its first shutout of the season after limiting Seattle to two shots on goal . Nick Rimando had two first-half saves to keep the Sounders off the board . It offered a stark turnaround from Salt Lake 's previous six road matches , where it yielded a total of 17 goals .
`` This shows what happens when everybody is committed defensively , '' RSL coach Mike Petke said . `` It 's not going to be pretty at times , but they got extremely organized and did an excellent job . It feels great . ''
Getting a win over Houston would give Salt Lake a serious chance to climb the MLS standings . The Dynamo is two points ahead of RSL and are currently fifth overall in the Western Conference .
It will be a difficult task to accomplish .
Houston ( 5-3-3 ) carries a four-game unbeaten streak into Utah after pounding New York City FC 3-1 on Saturday . The Dynamo have scored 11 goals in their last four games . They pounced on NYCFC after halftime , pulling away with late goals from Tomas Martinez and Alberth Elis .
Not only did the result give Houston back-to-back wins for the first time this season , but it also marked the second straight come-from-behind victory for the first time in club history . The Dynamo prevailed despite being outshot 21-13 by NYCFC and possessing the ball only 44.9 percent of the match .
Story Continues
`` Little by little , we took the game , '' Houston coach Wilmer Cabrera said . `` We were more solid . We were settling into the game and we had the possibilities to create chances . ''
Houston will test Salt Lake 's defense for all 90 minutes . The Dynamo is the top offensive team in the Western Conference thus far , scoring 26 goals in 11 matches . RSL has allowed 25 total goals through 12 matches this season .
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight Pause
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on his term as North Carolina 's governor
0:59 Gov . Cooper signs oath of office
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
SCOTTSDALE , Ariz. - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open . He knows from experience the party is just getting started .
'' Just keep the gas pedal down , '' Fowler said .
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning . He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010 , lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016 , and tied for fourth last year .
'' From the first couple times I played it , I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here , '' Fowler said . '' I know I can win here . I put myself in position plenty of times . ''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau , with each shooting his second straight 5-under 66 .
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans , bringing the week total to 439,088 . The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday , and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare .
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes , hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon .
'' I missed a few short putts on the back nine , so definitely did n't play my best , '' DeChambeau said .
He won the John Deere Classic last year . In 2015 , the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S . Amateur in the same year .
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back .
Berger had a bogey-free 65 .
'' This is the fourth time I 've been here , so I 've kind of figured it out a little bit , '' Berger said . '' Mostly , it 's just about just enjoying yourself . ''
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open : Articles , photos and videos
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65 . He 's the only player without a bogey after two rounds .
'' This is my home tournament , growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board , '' Reavie said . '' So this is like the fifth major for me . ''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes . He bogeyed his old nemesis , the 317-yard 17th , after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green .
'' Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie , '' Fowler said .
Two years ago , he blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when he drove through the green and into the water , then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when he hit into the water again .
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell , the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7 . Connell was born with a rare airway disorder .
'' I do n't think it 's a coincidence he 's playing so well this week , either , '' said Griffin 's father , Jim Connell . '' Griffin , he 's not here with us , but we know he 's watching from above . ''
Scott Stallings ( 65 ) , Chesson Hadley ( 68 ) and Chris Kirk ( 68 ) were 8 under , and Phil Mickelson ( 65 ) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm ( 68 ) topped the group at 7 under .
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996 , 2005 and 2013 . He birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No . 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six .
'' There 's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here , '' Mickelson said . '' I can feel their energy and it helps me focus . ''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under .
The fourth-ranked Thomas had his second 68 . He was bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17 .
'' I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot , I felt like , 7 or 8 under , '' Thomas said . '' But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days . ''
Haas followed his opening 64 with a 72 . He made a double bogey on the par-5 third .
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury .
Spieth shot 72-70 , playing alongside Thomas . The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May , when he missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT & T Byron Nelson . Matsuyama 's injury ended his bid to match Arnold Palmer 's event record of three straight victories .
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day , a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away . He 's 2 under after a 69 . Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001 , the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history .
Submit on Monday , April 23rd , 2018 22:59
This entry was posted on Monday , April 23rd , 2018 at 10:59 pm and is filed under FAILURES . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
The news came in a letter from the National Hot Rod Association . A prototype of the new Dodge Demon had set an all-time dragstrip record , hitting 140 at the end of the quarter mile in just 9.65 seconds . Oh , and the NHRA added , it was banning the new muscle car from production before the first model officially rolled off the production line .
`` That was the highlight of my 25 years in the business , '' said Tim Kuniskis , the head of passenger cars for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in North America , as a crowd of journalists and muscle car fans descended on the stage after the formal debut of the new Dodge Demon in New York Tuesday night .
Brand ambassador Vin Diesel at the New York auto show debut of the Dodge Demon . Diesel drives the Demon in the latest installment of the `` Fast and Furious '' series . Paul A. Eisenstein
After a two-month teaser campaign that drew millions of views on social media , there was a palpable tension at Pier 94 , along the Hudson River waterfront where the Challenger-based Demon made its debut .
And , as the lights dimmed , fireworks popped and the ungodly coupe burst out of its `` cage , '' the crowd was n't disappointed , the Demon launching into a smoky burnout that photographers struggled to follow .
The World 's Most Powerful V-8 Can Even Pop a Wheelie
The numbers are , quite simply , astounding . The supercharged 6.2-liter V-8 will make anywhere from 808 to 840 horsepower , and 717 to 808 pound-feet of torque , depending on which package a customer orders .
That 's enough to launch the Demon from 0 to 60 in a mere 2.3 seconds , making it not only the most powerful V-8 ever to roll out of a factory but also the fastest production car in the world . Period .
Foot flat to the floor a driver will experience 1.3 Gs of force throwing them back into the car 's sport seat — and in the fastest version there will be only one seat , for the driver , though as this four-wheeled beast is street legal , buyers can opt for a passenger seat and even a backseat if they want to haul around family and friends in high-speed splendor .
Indeed , one of the most impressive things about the Demon is the fact that it is entirely street legal . It meets federal emissions standards and has a real factory warranty .
`` We wanted to be the best at the most , '' said Kuniskis , noting that the Demon has even been certified by the Guinness Book of World Records as the only production car capable of performing a wheelie .
The Demon has been certified by the Guinness Book of World Records as the only production car capable of performing a wheelie . Paul A. Eisenstein
The Demon starts out with the same Challenger coupe as the already impressive Dodge Challenger Hellcat that seemed hard to imagine when , two years ago , it screeched onto the scene making 707 hp . Dodge officials quietly hinted there was room to squeeze even more power out of that engine . But getting there and keeping it legal — and reliable — turned out to be more of a challenge than they might have first expected .
`` This is a whole new engine , '' explained Kuniskis . Well , not entirely so , but close enough .
Related : Nissan Fills the Need with New GT-R , 370Z Models
The supercharger is bigger , there 's a new Chill Air system that actually hijacks the standard air conditioning system to cool intake air by as much as 45 degrees on a hot day , cooler , denser air translating into significantly better performance .
Virtually every element of the Demon has been hardened , from the crankshaft and pistons to the driveline and axles . There 's some sophisticated electronics controlling the entire system to make sure as much power reaches the pavement as possible . Smoky tires make great photos but they lose races .
Speaking of tires , those black donuts often do n't get the respect they deserve , but they may be the real key to ensuring the 4,200-pound Demon delivers on the promise of that massive drivetrain . They 're as big as anything put on a production car , the wheels measuring 18 by 11 inches and the tires a sticky 315/40R15 Nitto design , the first-ever street-legal cheaters — just short of full track slicks .
Pretty Affordable Price Tag
As if it did n't have enough on its engineering plate , Dodge even had to make sure buyers would be able to insure the new Demon , lining up exotic and classic car specialist Hagerty Insurance as the official backer .
While Dodge officials wo n't discuss the cost of the project , they admit it was n't cheap . They also revealed that they ran the project as a skunkworks program , hoping corporate beancounters would n't kill it .
They 're not going to make the development costs back on sales . According to Kuniskis , the target is just a limited run of 3,300 of these ultimate muscle cars , 300 for Canada and the rest targeted for American buyers .
Pricing has n't been determined , though the `` intention '' is to keep the figure below $ 100,000 . '' By comparison , exotic cars making anywhere near the Demon 's performance numbers can surge into the multi-million dollar range .
Related : Jeep Rolls Out 707 hp Grand Cherokee Trackhawk
`` It 's not about selling lots of cars , '' said Kuniski . `` It 's about getting every Dodge owner and possible customer to look at this and want to be part of the Dodge brand . ''
That should n't be difficult considering the attention the new Dodge Demon is already getting .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young south London man has been jailed for his involvement in an incident where a plain clothed police officer had a shotgun pointed at him in Bromley .
Asher Mitchell-Butler , 20 , was sentenced to a total of six years in prison at Woolwich Crown Court on Thursday , February 1 .
Mitchell-Butler , of Perystreete in Forest Hill , was found guilty on January 5 of possessing of a firearm with the intent to cause fear of violence for which he was sentenced to five years imprisonment .
He had previously pleaded guilty to possession of ammunition and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs ( cocaine and heroin ) . He was sentenced to two years imprisonment for the ammunition offences - to run concurrently - and one-year imprisonment for the drugs offences , to be served consecutively .
The firearms offence was relation to an incident involving police last year .
At about 11.30pm on June 28 , 2017 , plain clothed officers from Bromley Crime Squad were carrying out patrols in the Betts Park area , just off Anerley Road .
A moped , with a rider and a pillion passenger , stopped opposite them . Two men got off and approached the officers . They believed the suspects were intent on robbing them , however , the pair seemed to realise who they were and made off .
A male detective constable pursued the first suspect on foot into Seymour Villas and then into an alleyway . There , the suspect produced a sawn-off shotgun , pointed it at the officer and threatened to shoot him before running off .
No shots were fired and the officer was not injured .
( Image : Met Police )
The court heard a male police officer chased the second suspect - Mitchell-Butler - along Anerley Road where he got back on the moped and rode it directly at the officer .
The officer struck out with his baton and the suspect fell from the moped . As he ran away in the direction of Elmers End , he threw his black crash helmet and a glove to the ground .
Officers conducted a search of the local area and discovered the discarded shotgun , which was found to be loaded , and a machete .
Detectives from the Trident and Area Crime Command launched an investigation .
Mitchell-Butler was quickly identified as a suspect and a warrant was obtained to search his home . During this search , officers found a cartridge identical to the one found in the shotgun .
He was arrested on July 3 , 2017 and was charged later that day .
Detective Constable Andy Brackley , from Trident , said : `` Although it was not Mitchell-Butler who threatened a police officer with a firearm that night , it was clear to the jury that Mitchell-Butler was in joint possession of this firearm along with an accomplice although his exact intention is unknown .
`` It is fortunate that the officer was not injured ; his bravery and that of his colleague can not go without recognition .
`` Mitchell-Butler is about to start a lengthy prison sentence which reflects the seriousness of his crimes .
`` We remain committed to bringing the second suspect before the court and enquiries continue . ''
Detective Superintendent Paul Warnett , from Bromley Borough Police , said : `` This case once again highlights the dangers that police officers can face on a daily basis .
`` These two officers were carrying out a routine crime prevention operation to address the concerns of local residents . However , it quickly escalated and an officer was faced with a shotgun pointed directly at him .
“ By working alongside colleagues from Trident , a dangerous man is beginning a prison sentence and another firearm is off the streets . ”
The case against a second suspect , Harry Moutouna from Lewisham , who had been charged with several offences , was dismissed .
Communicating municipal budgets is a vital yet challenging part of any municipality 's job .
Getting people interested and invested in all those numbers is not easy .
Summarizing these massive documents to be understandable for your average citizen is quite tricky . Through these challenges , it 's still important to provide residents with a strong , complete picture of a budget .
Easy access to a complete idea of a municipal budget is important to inform citizens of what is happening and keep the municipality transparent .
In this regard , the Town of Whitecourt could do better .
The Town recently released its 2017 budget report for public viewing . The report , loaded with eye-catching images and graphics , condenses the Town 's massive budget into 12 pages that are easier to digest .
The result of this , however , is the information is extremely condensed , giving only a base overview of budget totals and not offering a lot of detail to town costs .
Though this works well for somebody who only wants the cliff-notes of the budget , it offers little for a more discerning eye looking for detail .
Whitecourt 's report also is much less detailed compared to the package that one of its neighbours , the Town of Mayerthorpe , offers .
Mayerthorpe 's package , available online like Whitecourt 's , is 55-pages long and offers detailed breakdowns of costs in every section of their budget .
It also offers comparisons to Mayerthorpe 's last two budgets , so residents can clearly see how a budget has changed .
This level of detail and explanation in a budget summary is something the Town of Whitecourt , and many other area municipalities , could learn from .
Compounding this issue is the fact that the full Whitecourt budget is not posted online , requiring people to go to the Town office to glance at the budget or possibly request a copy of the budget binder that will take some time to get .
There is access with this , but it would be a stretch to consider it easy compared to a complete online edition .
In addition , the Town no longer mails out its summarized budget report . Residents can seek it out at the Town office or online , but ending the mail out is a step back in some respects to get people engaged with the budget .
In fairness , Whitecourt is not technically doing anything inherently wrong .
There is no requirement that they give more detail to their budget report or post their full budget online .
They are in line with many other area municipalities in this regard .
They also , like many municipalities , must grapple with a lack of engagement when it comes to the budget process .
The Town 's budget meetings are often scarcely populated . Why go to the effort to make a budget more accessible or a public report more detailed if there is not the demand ?
But despite this , there is value in going the extra mile to present the budget to the public with more detail and to make accessing it easier .
Transparency is fundamental to good governance and any government should work to improve it by making publicly available information as easy to access as they can .
Having a stronger open document also makes an easier reference point to address citizen concerns .
There are citizens who do care about budget detail and having something online or mailed out that could address them more easily .
The effort to at least produce a package with more depth , such as Mayerthorpe 's , is also something the Town has the resources to do . It 's not a matter of whether the Town can do this , it is a matter of will .
However , ultimately the will of the public needs to be there to push them .
jquigley @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ joseph__quigley
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
by
The Carefree Cave Creek Chamber of Commerce conducted a ribbon-cutting ceremony Thursday , January 18 , at Filiberto 's Mexican Food , Cave Creek .
Founded in 1993 , Filiberto 's has served the southwest with 24-hour , fast , authentic Mexican food , launching its first restaurant in Mesa . In only a few years , 10 other Valley locations opened .
Filiberto 's is located at 31414 North Cave Creek Road in Cave Creek . For additional information , call 480.488.3624 or visit filibertos.com .
To learn more about the Carefree Cave Creek Chamber of Commerce , call 480.488.3381 or visit carefreecavecreek.org .
Advertisements
There is no shortage of Hudson Valley high schools that are among the best for athletes in New York , according to a new list released by Niche.com .
The website analyzes data sets and reviews to produce rankings , report cards and profiles for schools , colleges and places to live .
The 2018 rankings are “ based on student and parent reviews of athletics , student participation in athletics , and the number of sports offered at the school , ” the website says .
Here are the Hudson Valley schools that were ranked highest , with links to each school 's profile :
To view the complete New York rankings , click here .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
DUBLIN , Ohio – This comeback tour has been about milestones for Tiger Woods .
His runner-up showing at the Valspar Championship was his best finish on the PGA Tour in nearly five years and his start this week at the Memorial is his first since 2015 , which will also be the anniversary of his worst round as a professional when he toured Muirfield Village in 85 strokes on Saturday .
No one said these were all milestones worth celebrating .
Of course the most anticipated landmark for Woods this year is two weeks away , when he will be officially a decade removed from his most recent major victory at the 2008 U.S. Open .
When Woods limped out of Torrey Pines following what was undoubtedly the most difficult – and perhaps the most meaningful – Grand Slam triumph of his career , his future was uncertain . But no one could have anticipated what was to come .
The pain he endured to beat Rocco Mediate in a playoff on Monday in San Diego was clear , but even the worst-case estimates would n't have predicted that he 'd still be vying for major No . 15 a decade later .
In retrospect , time , at least partially , explains why Woods is now willing to put that dramatic and historic victory in context .
Memorial Tournament : Articles , photos and videos
“ That was a pretty special week , because I 've had probably four majors where I 've putted like that : '97 Masters , 2000 U.S. Open , 2000 [ Open Championship ] and then [ the '08 U.S. Open ] , ” he said on Wednesday at the Memorial . “ I do n't think I really missed a putt inside 10 feet in any of those four major championships . And that was a week that I needed it because I did n't really hit the ball as well as those other three majors that I mentioned . ”
Injuries , both physically and psychologically , are to blame for Tiger 's lost decade .
Woods has played 25 majors – out of a possible 39 – since his victory at Torrey Pines , and has nine top-10 finishes during that span , including a runner-up showing at the '09 PGA Championship . But he 'll tell you his best chance to get back in the Grand Slam game came in 2011 at Augusta National .
“ That one still leaves a little kind of craw in my mouth there , because I felt like I had all the momentum , ” said Woods , who began Sunday at the '11 Masters seven strokes back but charged into contention with a first nine of 5 under par . “ I just felt like that was one of the ones that I could steal . I won 14 majors , but I 've kind of been there , I was in the final group or tied for lead or leading , but I thought that was the one I could have gotten . ”
Woods managed just a single birdie on his inward loop that day , and added a three-putt bogey at the 12th hole , to finish tied for fourth place , four shots back .
His victory at Torrey Pines in ‘ 08 was always going to be special , but time has made it much more than the sum of its parts , an absence and the-heart-growing-fonder kind of deal .
Woods admits that he 's exceeded his own expectations in this most recent comeback , adding a top-5 finish at Bay Hill to his near-miss at the Valspar , and even the most pessimistic observers will now allow the possibility of Tiger winning again on Tour is not nearly as outlandish as it may have been just a few months ago .
But winning a major is still where many draw a line . Fields are too deep and the competition is immune to the intimidation Woods once cast over a field . There 's also the baggage that the last 10 years have left .
A player who once seemed forged from Teflon no longer appears invincible .
“ The last couple years have felt like a very long time , ” he said . “ I have not felt very well or very good in the last few years and it seemed like , a second seemed like 24 hours . I was struggling for a while . The last couple years , that definitely felt a little more like 10 , 20 years . ”
Still , Woods remains undaunted by either time or his various troubles . He spent the last two days on Long Island tirelessly preparing for the U.S. Open and arrives at Muirfield Village , a course that serves as the perfect tune-up for the national championship and a place where Tiger has won five times , riding a wave of confidence .
For Woods , there 's no reason not to think his 15th Grand Slam tilt is n't waiting on the 18th green at Shinnecock in two weeks , but he still must do it . He still must find a way to rekindle that magic that made him destined to run down Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 majors .
“ Well , time flies when you 're having fun or sometimes when you 're not having fun , too . I do n't think Tiger 's had a lot of fun the last 10 years , ” Nicklaus said on Tuesday . “ I would hate to have been through what he 's been through , because he 's been through a lot . But I think that he is a tough competitor , he 's a hard worker , and he 's still driven . ”
Woods has allowed himself to be much more reflective in recent years , perhaps it 's natural as a player ages or maybe this nostalgic quality was forced on him by injuries and an endless parade of missed opportunities .
Either way , he 's become more at ease embracing these benchmarks , particularly that major milestone that for much of his career seemed so inconceivable .
Jose Lambiet covers celebrities from Palm Beach to Miami Beach . He runs gossipextra.com and writes celebrity columns for the Miami Herald .
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st , 2017 . Thanks for your support ! Read more about it . ×
WINTER HAVEN , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd will speak on Wednesday about an extensive , undercover investigation focusing on those who prey on children .
The investigation led to the arrest of 42 people .
Detectives served search warrants and arrested 18 suspects who engaged in the promotion , possession and distribution of child pornography . Officials said one of the suspects is a woman .
A warrant was issued for a suspect also wanted for possession of child pornography .
Detectives conducted compliance checks on sex offenders , predators and probationers whose violations stemmed from sex offenses , resulting in the arrest of 21 suspects who failed to register .
“ Our children are this community 's most precious resource . We must do everything we can to protect them , ” said Judd . ” During operations such as this one , we proactively look for suspects who prey upon children , either through the collection and distribution of child pornography , or through their non-compliance with sexual predator and offender registration rules , including their evasive efforts to gain access to children through the Internet and social media . ”
Three others were arrested during the operation , but not for child sex crimes .
Of the 21 sexual offenders and predators arrested , five were designated as predators and 16 as offenders .
A sexual offender is a person who has been convicted of a qualifying sexual offense in Florida or another jurisdiction . A sexual predator is a person who has been convicted of sexually violent offenses and has a court written order designating the person as a sexual predator , or an individual who is civilly committed under the state Jimmy Ryce Sexually Violent Predator Act and has a written court order designation .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
Peru 's Poor and Disabled Struggle in the Shadows
LIMA , May 30 2018 ( IPS ) - Eighty percent of the world 's disabled live in developing nations , according to a report by the United Nations . Their identities , lives and stories are of course varied – but what is n't is the stigma and lack of resources they face .
If one were to take a ride up a dirt road high in the Andes Mountains , one would find Roberto sitting propped up against the wall of a barn on the side of that road , watching the occasional truck whizz by . Roberto , who is in his mid-twenties , spends his mornings and afternoons sitting .
If he is not watching vehicles go by , then he is propped up against the outside wall that faces the chicken coops and clothes lines outside of his house ; or propped up against the wall that looks in on the room that is his family 's bedroom , kitchen and dining room in one – day after day .
Though both Carmen Rosa and Maria Elena are highly intelligent and perceptive girls , school stopped immediately for both of them once they became unable to hold a pencil without trembling .
Roberto is disabled with cerebral palsy , and as for many people in the Cajamarca region of Peru , no one can exactly say with what else . He is lucky that his mother has sought care for his motor , verbal and mental skills , in hopes that one day Roberto will be able to sit up , walk and talk on his own . But for most in Cajamarca who are born with physical and mental disabilities , they are either left to wither untreated or to seek help only to find that none exists .
Gladis was one of the lucky ones . The ninth of eleven children , she was born and set to grow up in Cajamarca , until a shot received at three months old hit a crucial nerve and rendered her legs paralyzed . Her family was able to send her to San Juan de Dios Hospital in Lima , sixteen hours away by bus , where she lived until she was eleven . During that time , Gladis received multiple operations , rehabilitative treatment , and education . With the help of a metal support , she took her first steps at eleven years old .
“ I was able to feel like I was a person , ” Gladis said in Spanish , “ that I was of value , because I could walk . ”
Once she returned to Cajamarca , Gladis completed her secondary studies and went on to get a degree in accounting . But once she attempted to enter the workforce , she found that even though she had recovered from her childhood paralysis and was able to walk , there was no place for her there . Once she did find a job , she was never paid .
For others who do n't have access to the resources she did , life is , as Gladis understated it , “ Very sad . ”
“ Very sad . Very sad , because often the parents do n't support the children . They put them in a corner and tell them , ‘ You do n't do anything , you do n't serve us , you do n't work – you are nothing . ' They do n't receive education or jobs . ”
“ I 've arrived at some places where the child is thrown to the side and all he has is a bowl of oatmeal next to him . One child could not move his arms or his legs , and when I visited him I found him thrown on the ground with his head in the bowl like an animal … His parents said that this child was a punishment from God . They abandoned him , and did n't give him food , and the boy died . ”
Stigma is one obstacle in overcoming disability . But even in instances when parents do try to support their children , “ the question is where ? How can I do this ? ”
“ Last week , I went to visit two girls . Their mother left their land to find attention and treatment for her daughters when they got sick , but economically she is not doing well . She 's out of a job , and rehabilitation costs money . ”
The two girls Gladis described live in a house in the city Cajamarca , below the mountain Roberto resides on .
Entering into their house , it takes a minute to adjust one 's eyes to the dark . Once one does , made visible is a tiny , cramped space with only the dirt ground as a floor , one of two rooms that comprise the girls ' home .
It is in the second , in the very back corner , surrounded by chickens , hay and clutter , that Carmen Rosa sits . Covered by shadows , she is slumped in the chair that is her vantage point of life , jerking her torso and arms ceaselessly and uncontrollably . She lives , quite literally , shrouded in darkness .
Hers was an alarming image , as her eyes followed her visitors with a stillness that contradicted her physicality . Her gaze did n't once stray as her arms swung out and struck the walls with a large bough she clutched in one hand , while her torso twisted to the right as her legs wrenched to the left and her entire being formed a sort of contorted , ever-moving Z . But beneath Carmen Rosa 's loss of control over her muscles , her mind remains as sharp as ever .
“ I love to read , but when I 'm nervous I ca n't do it , ” she says . “ It makes me nervous , I do n't like it . I sit here day after day and I ca n't control it . I 'm very sad . ”
While she speaks , struggling to maintain her jerking body , Carmen Rosa breathes heavily from exertion . Her younger sister , Maria Elena , sways slightly as she watches from her spot standing in a separate corner of the room .
Carmen Rosa is 23 years old . She was born with a body that functioned completely normally , but once she turned nine she began to lose control of her muscles , one by one , until she came to her current state . Her mother left the land that their family had always lived on to take the family to Cajamarca .
Maria Elena is 15 years old . She watches her older sister jerk and flail , no longer with fear , but with a stoic resignation . After spending the years leading up to her ninth birthday in fear of discovering that she would begin to lose control of her muscles like her sister , Maria Elena turned nine , and her hands began to shake . She now rocks back and forth in a subtle precursor to her sister 's violent jerking .
Though both Carmen Rosa and Maria Elena are highly intelligent and perceptive girls , school stopped immediately for both of them once they became unable to hold a pencil without trembling .
According to the Peruvian National Confederation of People with Disabilities , special education for those with milder disabilities is n't truly inclusive , and completely nonexistent for those with severe disabilities . Besides those few in special schools , 87.1 % of school-aged children and teenagers with disabilities in Peru are n't receiving any sort of education at all .
At one of the only special needs schools in the Cajamarca region , children are contained in classrooms while they scream , shout and run rampant around the room . Despite there being classrooms , and plenty of posters with learning mantras on them , it was always lunchtime , then recess , then snack time , then an hour-long fieldtrip .
In one first-grade classroom , the teachers simply watched the children play with toys for hours , only speaking to reprimand when some of the rowdier ones would hit others with blocks and trains . Children in wheelchairs were pushed into corners and left there to idle and talk to themselves , alone .
There are 485 hospitals in Peru . Only 75 have rehabilitation services for the disabled . Of those 75 , 45 are located in Lima . There are no services for the disabled in any of Peru 's rural areas . Consequently , only 5 percent of those with disabilities receive specialized attention .
Despite this grim outlook , however , Carmen Rosa remains optimistic .
“ I think that one day I 'll be better , ” she says . “ I think that one day they 'll heal me and I 'll be able to do everything and feel better . More than anything , I would like to help people just like me , who have disabilities and do n't have friends and are sad . I 'm sad . So I want to help them . ”
HIGHLIGHTS + REPORT : Liverpool v Roma
Eusebio Di Francesco 's side lost 5-2 in the first leg of its UEFA Champions League semi-final tie , meaning it must replicate its 3-0 win over Barcelona in the quarter-final second leg if it is to progress to the final .
Liverpool was 5-0 up with 68 minutes played , with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scoring twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet , as the visitors failed to deal with the Reds ' quick-fire passes to the front three .
However , late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti gave the visitors some hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital , and De Rossi is refusing to give up .
`` We have to hold on to what we did in the quarter-finals , '' he said . `` That tells us it 's not impossible and that we have a duty to try , for ourselves and , above all , the people who love Roma .
`` The only difference is that , against Barcelona , I felt it was an unlucky game , with dubious incidents . We had a good first 20-25 minutes here , then we were less good at covering the space , but it 's difficult to do that when they 're much faster than you .
`` It 's not right to put conceding so many goals on the defence . We all played very aggressively , even though we had the feeling of being able to affect little in midfield because they often bypassed it . They constantly went for the long ball , from any area of the pitch .
`` Today was a case of our blackout and their great quality . It wo n't be easy , but we have to start from here . It 's not impossible and we know that . ''
De Rossi also praised the performance of Salah , his former team-mate having produced arguably his best performance of a spectacular season , with two goals and two assists .
`` We know Salah well , we know he is a great player as well as a great person , '' he said . `` He 's improved his quality in the final third and he 's becoming decisive , as we thought he would . ''
Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has been ruled out for the rest of the RBS 6 Nations , the Scottish Rugby Union has announced .
The Gloucester scrum-half suffered an ankle injury just before half-time as the Dark Blues lost 22-16 to France in Paris on Saturday .
He left the Stade de France on crutches and was sent back to the Kingsholm Stadium on Monday to be assessed by his club medics .
But Scots head coach Vern Cotter has now been given the bad news that Laidlaw will miss the remainder of the tournament .
It is a considerable blow for a side who have come to rely on Laidlaw , not only for his leadership skills but also his goal-kicking abilities . Ali Price took over at nine at the weekend and looks likely to keep the jersey when Scotland welcome Wales to Murrayfield next Saturday .
However , Cotter must now decide who will take over the captaincy duties .
Flanker John Barclay took over the armband when Laidlaw limped off against Les Bleus , but was soon himself replaced after suffering a head knock .
Jonny Gray became the Scots ' third skipper of the day when Barclay was replaced and has long been tipped as a future national team captain .
The front door of Sterling Everett 's 1/12 scale model of the Tara house from “ Gone with the Wind. ” Jason Vorhees jvorhees @ macon.com
A deadly insect that has killed hundreds of millions of ash trees across the East , a scourge that makes the cankerworm look pleasant , is edging toward Charlotte .
The emerald ash borer is an Asian beetle that was first spotted in North Carolina in 2013 , in three counties near the Virginia line . The bug has invaded most eastern states , including Virginia and Tennessee , since it was first detected in the U.S. in 2002 .
i
Experts compare the beetle 's lethal potential to the blight that wiped out chestnut trees a century ago and to the insect that is now steadily killing hemlocks across the Southern Appalachian mountains .
And it 's encircling Charlotte , where green and white ash grow naturally and are planted in landscapes . Green ash can make up 30 percent or more of forests in floodplains and wetlands of the Southeast . Here 's how to identify the trees .
Trees in Gaston , Lincoln , Catawba and Iredell counties , west and north of the city , have already been attacked , the North Carolina Forest Service reports . None have been found in Charlotte yet , but city tree officials are preparing for the beetle 's arrival .
“ It 's on our doorstep , ” said city arborist Tim Porter .
The Charlotte-based Catawba Lands Conservancy has found the borer at its Sally 's YMCA and Catawba Springs preserves in Lincoln County and at the Seven Oaks Preserve in Gaston County .
Volunteer crews from power toolmaker Husqvarna cut down 30 dead trees at the Sally 's preserve last fall . Another crew , from Heartwood tree company , will take out more Friday to keep them from falling on hikers .
“ We 're essentially seeing genocide for these trees , ” said Heartwood owner Patrick George . “ This is a bad situation , and we really have a fleeting opportunity to have a direct impact on our local population . ”
Little can be done for ash groves in forests . Homeowners have two choices , George said : Treat individual trees with insecticides to prevent infestations , and continue treatments , or count on taking those trees down when they die .
“ By the time you see them , they 've been here for at least a year , ” George said .
Heartwood has “ adopted ” and will treat a large ash tree near the band shell in Freedom Park . The company will also donate treatment of a grove of 17 large ashes near the Charlotte Nature Museum .
Kills in 2 to 5 years
The beetle , which is about the size of a cooked grain of rice , was first detected in Michigan 15 years ago and has slowly worked its way south . It invades new locations by flying or hitching rides on firewood and ash tree wood .
North Carolina , in an effort to slow the insect 's spread , imposed a statewide quarantine in mid-2013 that banned shipments of firewood and ash tree into out-of-state areas where it has not been found .
Here 's how the bug kills :
Adult beetles lay eggs on the bark of ash trees . Larvae emerging from the eggs bore into the bark and feed on tissues through which nutrients and water move , girdling and eventually killing the tree . The larvae then emerge as metallic green beetles between April and June .
Attacks take two to five years to kill a tree . Signs of an infestation start at the top of the tree , with thinning and loss of leaves .
Other clues include tunnels under the tree 's bark where larvae have fed . Sprouts , a defensive response by the tree , often emerge from the base of the trunk . Woodpeckers may busily hammer the tree to feed on insects beneath the bark .
Concord-based Carolina Tree Care has offered preventative treatments for four years . Annual treatments , which consist of soil injection or bark and canopy sprays , cost about $ 200 for a medium to large tree . Trees that have lost up to half their leaves to the insect may still be treated .
“ I am letting ( customers ) know it 's around and is probably here , ” said master arborist John Maurice . “ If they have an ash tree that 's of significant value or of some emotional attachment , lets start protecting that now . ”
Federal scientists hope to use biology to control the beetle . They 're evaluating three Chinese species of parasitic wasps that prey on it . Wasps have been released in Granville and Wayne counties .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:31 Ash trees under attack Pause 2:13-Star Wars : The Last Jedi official teaser trailer 0:31 Bicyclist injured on Randolph Road 1:26 Working dogs sniff out Emerald Ash Borer in Minnesota 0:28 Who 's watching golf ? No one , because there was an alligator 2:15 Good Friday services at St. Gabriel Catholic Church 0:26 Cankerworms , it is their time of year 3:26 HB2 : A timeline for North Carolina 's controversial law 1:55 Light Rail Flyover 2:37 Add this to S-Town buzz : Carolinians may know the professor Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Working dogs sniff out Emerald Ash Borer in Minnesota The Minnesota Department of Agriculture ( MDA ) has partnered with Working Dogs for Conservation to train dogs in sniffing out EAB infested wood and ash tree material . The goal is to deploy the dogs to help regulatory crews find infested wood and other mate Minnesota Department of Agriculture
Snooker superstar Ronnie O'Sullivan is fast becoming regarded as the greatest player of them all and we 're giving you the chance to see the best in action at 2018 's Ladbrokes World Grand Prix .
We have tickets to be won to the showpiece final and the semi-final .
The tournament - at Preston Guild Hall , from February 19 to 25 - brings together the best 32 players from the season .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your tickets for the 2018 Ladbrokes World Grand Prix - see www.worldsnooker.com/tickets .
Barry Hawkins won the title last year and the tournament also featured top stars including Judd Trump , John Higgins , Mark Selby and Ronnie O'Sullivan , who is celebrating fresh from his UK Championship win .
O'Sullivan , 42 , equalled Steve Davis ' tally of six UK titles and Stephen Hendry 's record of 18 victories in 'Triple Crown ' events - the UK and World Championships , and Masters .
The Rocket beat Shaun Murphy 10-5 in York to claim his third ranking title of the season , hitting three centuries to take his career total to 916 .
Now all eyes will be on who can lift the trophy at the next major event in the UK - the Ladbrokes World Grand Prix at Preston Guild Hall .
WIN FINAL AND SEMI-FINAL TICKETS TO LADBROKES WORLD GRAND PRIX
We have teamed up with World Snooker to give one lucky winner the chance to win two tickets to both sessions of the final on Sunday , February 25 , 2018 .
Judd Trump
Three runners-up will also get two tickets each to the semi-final on Saturday , February 24 , 2018 .
For a chance to win enter our free prize draw . Simply provide your name and contact details on our online entry form - CLICK HERE .
Or enter via Twitter by following @ GW1962 and retweeting any of his tweets containing the hashtag # JPcompLWGP18
Deadline is noon on Monday , January 8 , 2018 .
2017 World Grand Prix winner Barry Hawkins
Usual Johnston Press terms , conditions and marketing rules apply . Transport not included . Full details at www.johnstonpress.co.uk/competition .
Michael van Gerwen expects he will have to reproduce the standard used to beat Raymond van Barneveld when he faces Gary Anderson in the PDC World Championship final .
The world number one turned in an incredible display to beat his fellow Dutchman 6-2 at Alexandra Palace with a record average of 114.05 to beat the previous record of 111.21 set by Phil Taylor in 2002 .
Van Barneveld had no answer to Van Gerwen but the 27-year-old knows he will need a repeat of those heroics against the defending champion on Monday evening .
Van Gerwen told Sky Sports 1 : `` What can I say ? It was a phenomenal performance from myself but also Raymond made me play this way . I had to bring my A-game if I wanted to win .
`` Everything is possible for me now . Everyone knows I only have one goal and that 's to hold the trophy in the air .
It 's Anderson in the final for me and he 's a very good darts player and I 'll probably have to do the same to beat him .
`` For the audience and everyone everywhere , in Great Britain and in Holland I think it 's the final to dream of .
`` We 've both played really well on the way , also Gary has played fantastic and his standard is really high as well .
We know what we have to do and I first want to celebrate this win because this was a fantastic victory .
`` I feel comfortable , I feel well and the crowd 's been fantastic and I 'm looking really forward til tomorrow . ''
Anderson made it 17 wins in a row at Alexandra Palace when he beat Peter Wright 6-3 in the other semi-final and he will be looking for a third straight title .
Anderson finished with a 103.45 three-dart average , had four ton-plus checkouts and 15 maximums .
`` I 'm just glad to get over the winning line , '' he said .
`` It would be an astonishing achievement . I 'm still going and I do n't want to give the title up . ''
JERUSALEM — The Vatican on Sunday said Pope Francis is praying so that `` leaders of nations '' commit themselves to work to `` avert a new spiral of violence '' over Jerusalem and is expressing `` sorrow for the clashes in recent days that have produced victims . ''
In a statement , the Holy See recalled Francis 's appeal last week for `` wisdom and prudence '' to prevail , and it reiterated its position asserting `` the essential need for respecting the status quo '' of Jerusalem .
U.S. President Donald Trump announcement on Wednesday recognizing Jerusalem as Israel 's capital has triggered anger and protests around the Muslim world .
The Vatican statement said only a negotiated solution between Israelis and Palestinians can achieve `` stable and lasting peace and guarantee the peaceful co-existence of two states within internationally recognized borders . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests erupt outside US Embassy in Lebanon 0:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It called Jerusalem `` a sacred city for Christians , Jews and Muslims from all over the world . ''
Israeli police said that a security guard had been stabbed near Jerusalem 's central bus station .
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the guard was seriously wounded Sunday and his attacker arrested . The Magen David Adom medical service said a 30-year-old male suffered a stabbing wound in his upper body .
The incident appeared to be the first attack since President Donald Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital . The announcement set off protests and demonstration across the West Bank , east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip , and demonstrations around the world .
DENVER ( AP ) — Taylor Swift won $ 1 and long-awaited vindication Monday after a jury decided in a civil trial that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet . Swift hugged her crying mother after the verdict and reiterated how she wanted to stand up for other women .
“ My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard , ” the singer said in a statement , acknowledging her ability to afford attorneys to defend her in court . “ Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves . ”
The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses about the groping .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for his ruined career . At the end of the trial , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit , saying he failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her .
“ I 've been trying to clear my name for four years , ” Mueller said after the verdict . “ Civil court is the only option I had . This is the only way that I could be heard . ”
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $ 1 .
From the start , Swift 's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault , though they never reported it to police . Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller 's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity .
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller 's conduct . He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift , Mueller and Mueller 's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet .
In an hourlong stint on the witness stand last week , Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift , she insisted she was groped .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” Swift testified .
“ It was a definite grab . A very long grab , ” she added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately , insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony . In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below her waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after she was groped , she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend , “ Thank you for coming , ” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them .
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter , she said .
“ We absolutely wanted to keep it private , but we did n't want him to get away with it , ” Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . He said he did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that “ appropriate action be taken . ”
Oshiomole 's endorsement foolish , childish – Oyegun
Chairman of the Progressives Congress , Chief John Odigie-Oyegun , has described the purported endorsement of Adams Oshiomhole by stakeholders of the party from the South-South geopolitical zone as childish and a foolish charade . The South South APC leaders were reported to have endorsed former Edo State governor , Adams Oshiomhole , as the concensus candidate of the [ … ]
Oshiomole 's endorsement foolish , childish – Oyegun
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DELTA , B.C . — Poor ventilation at a Delta , B.C. , greenhouse is to blame for sending dozens of workers to hospital for carbon monoxide exposure , a fire chief said .
Delta fire battalion chief Neil Shuster said an emergency call came in Saturday afternoon that at least 12 people at Windset Farms were suffering from inhalation of a suspected cleaning product .
Three fire crews and a hazmat crew were dispatched along with police and BC Ambulance Services .
Once on scene , Shuster said crews determined there were high levels of carbon monoxide in the building .
Approximately 43 people required treatment on site .
The workers had been inside a greenhouse while a gas-powered pressure washer was running without adequate ventilation , he said .
“ I believe they were working at the time and it was maintenance , regular maintenance I guess they were doing at the time , ” he said
Representatives from Windset Farms did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Provincial workplace safety officials are investigating the incident .
Carbon monoxide is a colourless , odourless gas that 's produced whenever fuel is burned .
It can cause health problems — and eventually death — because breathing it reduces the body 's ability to carry oxygen in the blood .
BC Emergency Health Services tweeted that 13 ambulances responded to “ a major incident ” with 10 in serious to critical condition and 32 others in stable condition .
Linda Lupini , the services ' executive vice president , said on Sunday that response to the incident was swift and followed protocols for mass casualty events with those most seriously injured receiving priority care .
Those exposed to carbon monoxide were treated with oxygen and given blood tests to ensure they were recovering , she said .
No additional crew or other staff were affected by carbon monoxide .
“ The entire event as we know could have had a very different ending , ” she said . “ There 's no doubt this was an incredibly well executed response . ”
She said everyone who was taken to hospital has been released . She added that a few people who were more seriously affected may need follow-up treatment such as being placed in a hyperbaric chamber to replenish their oxygen levels .
( AP Photo/John Bazemore ) . Justin Thomas hits from the bunker on the 18th hole during the final round of the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Charlotte , N.C .
( AP Photo/Chuck Burton ) . Justin Thomas poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Charlotte , N.C .
( AP Photo/Chris O'Meara ) . Justin Thomas poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Charlotte , N.C .
( AP Photo/John Bazemore ) . Jani , right , and Mike Thomas watch their son Justin Thomas win the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Charlotte , N.C .
By DOUG FERGUSONAP Golf Writer
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) - The son and grandson of golf professionals , Justin Thomas could n't think of a better major to win than the PGA Championship .
And at age 24 , he could n't think of a better time .
Youth is taking over the highest level of golf , and there were times Thomas felt left behind . Rory McIlroy already had four majors when he was 25 . Closer to home was Jordan Spieth , a close friend since they were 14 . Spieth won his third major at the British Open last month to give him three legs of the career Grand Slam .
`` Frustration probably is n't the right word , '' Thomas said . `` Jealously definitely is . I wanted to be doing that , and I was n't . ''
Sunday at Quail Hollow was his moment .
Starting the final round two shots out of the lead , Thomas closed with a 3-under 68 for a two-shot victory to capture the final major of the year .
It required a little bit of good fortune , like when his tee shot bounced out of a tree and into the fairway on the par-5 10th hole , which ended with his 8-foot putt teetering on the edge of the cup for 12 seconds before gravity finally took over and the ball dropped for birdie .
`` I did n't even see it go in , '' said Thomas , who had his back turned to the cup as he was asking caddie Jimmy Johnson how it did n't go in . Players are allowed reasonable time to get to the ball , and then they get 10 seconds before they hit the next shot , so he was well within the limit .
He seized control on the back nine with a chip-in for birdie from 40 feet on the par-3 13th hole .
Above all , it required plenty of grit , and Thomas showed plenty of that .
The key moment in his victory came along the infamous `` Green Mile '' at Quail Hollow , a brutal stretch of holes where players are trying to hang on with pars . Thomas had a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama when he drove into the rough , and his approach tumbled into a bunker . He did well to get that out to 6 feet .
Matsuyama was spared by the thick rough behind the green that kept his ball from going into the water , and he had a good lie that allowed him to chip to 5 feet .
Thomas wasted no time over the putt and drilled into the center of the cup . Matsuyama missed and fell two shots behind .
And then Thomas effectively ended it with a 7-iron so pure that he let the club swirl through his hand as the ball soared over the water , onto the green and rolled out to 15 feet on the 221-yard shot to a peninsula green . His birdie putt swirled into the cup , and the rest was easy .
He finished with a bogey - his first since the third hole - when it no longer mattered . Thomas finished at 8-under 276 .
He won by two shots over Francesco Molinari ( 67 ) , Patrick Reed ( 67 ) and Louis Oosthuizen ( 70 ) , none of whom were a serious threat as they played the 18th .
His real challenge was Matsuyama playing next to him , and Kevin Kisner , the 54-hole leader in the group behind him .
Kisner ran off two important birdies on the 14th and 15th holes to get within one shot , but the final stretch is no place to make up more ground . He three-putted from 100 feet on the 16th hole to fall two back , could n't convert from long range on the 17th and hit into the water because of mud on his ball on the 18th .
Among those waiting for Thomas alongside the 18th green were his father and Spieth .
Mike Thomas , the longtime pro at Harmony Landing outside Louisville , Kentucky , spread his arms wide as he approached his only son and wrapped them around him . He also made sure to collect an important part of history .
Ever since his son was in elementary school , he has been collecting golf balls from his victory . The total is now 131 . Asked if he made sure to get the ball Thomas used to tap in the final putt , Mike Thomas reached into his pocket , smiled and said , `` You mean this one ? ''
The PGA Championship was important to Thomas to take his place among the young elite in the game , and it was important to his family . His grandfather , Paul Thomas , also was a club pro and has been a PGA of America member for 60 years . He was the first person Thomas called .
`` As a kid growing up , you want to win all the majors . You want to win any major , '' Thomas said after his two-shot victory . `` For me , the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart , and maybe a special drive . It 's just a great win for the family , and it 's a moment we 'll never forget - all of us . ''
Spieth was there , too , wanting to celebrate with his friend .
The week began with Spieth 's bid to complete the career Grand Slam , and it never got out of the gates . Thomas , endlessly referred to as `` Spieth 's close friend , '' emerged from his shadow with a major of his own .
`` So awesome , dude , '' Spieth told him .
Spieth and Thomas first became close when they played the Junior Evian Masters in 2007 . Thomas won the 36-hole event and got to play the pro-am the next day with LPGA great Juli Inkster . Spieth caddied for him .
Ten years later , they have won consecutive majors and head into the FedEx Cup playoffs battling for PGA Tour player of the year .
Longtime friends , now both are major champions .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LONDON — Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travellers in Britain , with flights cancelled , roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted Monday .
With temperatures predicted to drop overnight to as low as minus 12 Celsius ( 11 degrees Fahrenheit ) , transport officials worked on cleanup . Hundreds of schools were closed and airports struggled under the weight of flight delays .
“ The worst of the snowfall is behind us , ” said Grahame Madge of the Met Office . “ It 's now more about dealing with the weather we 've had . ”
Europe 's largest airport , Heathrow , warned that hundreds of flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday 's snowfall .
In the world of interconnected air travel , any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position , knocking them out of the rotation for their next assignments . Airlines are also responsible for de-icing their aircraft , and some have more capacity than others to do so .
“ The airport remains open and is operating three-quarters of scheduled flights , ” Heathrow said in statement . “ Before coming to the airport , passengers must check their flight status with their airline . ”
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales . Trains on Chiltern Railways , CrossCountry , Great Western , and Virgin Trains are also being affected by delays .
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 Pauses
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman 's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends '
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Warning : this story contains offensive content .
A zealous band of Russian trolls flooded Twitter with hundreds of thousands of divisive posts in 2016 — accusing Democrats of satanic practices and supporting rape — in an attempt to influence the presidential election , according to a new analysis of a Twitter database by NBC News .
The effort tricked thousands of users into spreading graphic racial epithets across social media , interweaving provocative content with disinformation and falsehoods .
The tweets were uncovered in a database more than 202,000 deleted Russian troll tweets that NBC News compiled from three sources familiar with Twitter 's application programming interface , or API , an online system that allows outside software developers to work with the data underlying users ' tweets .
The set was created by cross-referencing the list of 2,752 confirmed Russian trolls released by the House Intelligence Committee in October against recorded tweets held by the sources . It resulted in a database of tweets from more than 450 of the accounts operated by Russia 's Internet Research Agency `` troll factory '' sent from June 03 , 2011 to August 26 , 2017 .
All of the sources asked for anonymity to avoid being identified as possibly violating Twitter 's developer policy ; two of the sources asked not to be identified because they did n't want to become targets of Russian trolls themselves .
While Twitter has removed the tweets from public view , NBC News was able to cross-reference many of the tweets between the datasets and online archives .
The resulting tweets represent a sampling of the total content produced by the trolls .
According to Michael McFaul , who was the U.S. ambassador to Russia from 2012 to 2014 in the Obama administration , the provocative tweets are evidence of the Kremlin 's campaign to support Donald Trump , damage Hillary Clinton , and disrupt conversation during the 2016 presidential race .
The objective was to `` sow doubt and discord in America , '' McFaul said . `` That 's part of a grander strategy of making everything relative . There is no truth . There is no democracy versus autocracy . ''
Russians , who literally invented the word `` disinformation , '' or dezinformatsiya , to define the practice of spreading a deliberate lie in order to deceive , digitized their craft and injected it right into our election .
Satanic rituals
One of the memes boosted by the trolls tried to tie candidate Clinton to satanism and the occult .
Besides the well-known `` # Pizzagate '' hoax , the trolls stirred up rumors that Clinton and her campaign manager John Podesta attended a satanic ritual , a story that the fact-checking site Snopes has labeled `` false . ''
The rumors began after WikiLeaks obtained and began publishing emails hacked from Podesta 's personal Gmail account . In one of the emails , Podesta 's brother asks if he will be attending a `` Spirit Cooking '' dinner party thrown by the performance artist Marina Abramović .
On Nov. 4 , 2016 , just days before the election , WikiLeaks directed followers to a blog post on a site that dug up videos from a 1996 surrealist `` Spirit Cooking '' installation by Abramović that included phrases such as “ with a sharp knife cut deeply into the middle finger of your left hand eat the pain , ” in pig 's blood on the gallery wall .
Abramović later said that John Podesta did n't attend the dinner , which she held to thank her Kickstarter contributors , and that the event involved cooking traditional soups at her apartment .
The verbatim tweets sent by confirmed Russian trolls on the list released by the House Intelligence Committee showed an effort to amplify the satanic narrative .
`` BREAKING : Clinton Foundation Paid Occult `` Spirit Cooking '' Priestess 10K For 'Operational Support , ' '' tweeted Russian troll @ WorldnewsPoli on Nov. 5 .
`` RT @ _Makada_ : WikiLeaks : Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta Attended Satanic `` Spirit Cooking '' Ritual # SpiritCooking , '' tweeted Russian troll @ _NickLuna_ one day before .
And troll @ J0hnLarsen tweeted , `` RT @ KevinAnth : I liked a @ YouTube video from @ markdice https : //t.co/jPvIB1pNTr Hillary Clinton `` Spirit Cooking '' Satanic Ritual . ''
Screencap of a November 4th , 2016 tweet from FOX News host Sean Hannity 's account .
The story was boosted by Russian trolls and conservative websites , including the Drudge Report and Fox News host Sean Hannity 's website and Twitter feed , spinning it into a tale of devil worship and a bizarre blood feast .
Popular right-wing news aggregation site Drudge Report ran an above-the-fold image to promote the unsubstantiated Clinton occult ritual story .
Within hours , # spiritcooking was trending on Twitter .
`` We know well from cognitive science that once you 've read something , especially if it 's framed as news , it 's difficult to discount as fake even if you 've been told it 's fake , '' Jeff Hancock , a communications professor at Stanford University and the founding director of the Stanford Social Media Lab , told NBC News .
And when individuals already agree with the premise of the falsehood — for instance , that Hillary Clinton is n't trustworthy — ignoring outright lies becomes even more difficult , he said .
`` Our default is truth , '' Hancock said . `` We have to work hard on disbelieving . ''
Rape
Another effort made by the trolls was to tie Democrats and liberals to support of rape . Over 460 of the tweets contained the word `` rape '' or a variation , like `` rapefugees . ''
For instance , the prolific Russian troll account @ TEN_GOP tweeted , `` Just 2 days after # NiceAttack stupid liberals welcome # rapefugees ! How stupid ! # RNCinCLE , '' on July 17 , 2016 .
`` RT @ wiredterrier : @ ThePatriot143 Women who vote Hillary are telling their daughters rape is ok and they will be slandered on top of it , '' tweeted Russian troll @ EmileeWarren on Oct. 15 , 2016 .
At another point during the campaign , one troll account replied to another user 's tweet about Donald Trump 's relationship with his oldest daughter , Ivanka , twisting it to make it a lewd reference to one of President Barack Obama 's daughters .
Racism
The Russian trolls also incorporated racist slurs , themes , and topics into their messages .
One line of attack again distorted an element from one of Podesta 's stolen emails . Clinton had forwarded an Israeli op-ed article about a Muslim man left to die on the side of the road . The original author referred to how the authorities might have thought of the man as a `` sand n -- -- - . '' A cropped screen grab was taken out of context and reframed to say Clinton was referring to Muslims using the epithet , and then spun up through Twitter through the Russian troll accounts .
`` RT @ ObamaBash : Never # HillaryBecause While calling Trump a racist in a leaked email she referred to a Muslim man as a `` SAND N -- -- - , '' tweeted @ hyddrox on Oct. 15 , 2016 , a few days after the second presidential debates .
Snopes reported that the claim circulating on social media that Clinton had used the derogatory term was `` false . ''
Some of the accounts also weighed in heavily on racially charged topics , like the protests in Ferguson , Missouri , in the summer of 2014 after the death of an unarmed black teenager , Michael Brown , at the hands of a white police officer whom a grand jury later declined to indict on any charges .
`` All of those protesters in Ferguson , your hand are covered with blood ! # CopsWillBeCops # FergusonShooting , '' tweeted Russian troll @ EvaGreen69 on March 15 , 2015 .
Another tweet by a Russian troll account @ staywoke88 that pretended to be a Black Lives Matter protester took the most infamous white nationalist slogan and tweaked it to make it appear to be a pro-black statement .
A screengrab of a retweet posted by a Russian troll which references the notorious white nationalist slogan , `` We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children . '' The profile face has been blurred because former Russian trolls said they have stolen online profile photos for their social media avatars .
Experts said the topics were deliberately chosen to exploit long-simmering differences in American culture .
`` The point of a disinformation operation is not to create new rifts in society — it 's to drive the rifts that are there further apart , '' said Graham Brookie , deputy director of the Digital Forensic Research Lab at the Atlantic Council , a Washington-based international relations think tank .
Election-year distortions
According to reports of leaked internal documents from the Internet Research Agency , trolls were given specific topics and talking points and assigned daily quotas .
By insinuating themselves into different niche online dialogues during the 2016 presidential race and pushing the conversational boundaries , the Russian trolls signaled to others in the conversation that it was acceptable to make more extreme statements .
`` Even if they 're not going to say 'Hillary Clinton is responsible for # PizzaGate , ' it lowers the barrier of cost to say , 'Lock her up , ' '' Brookie said . `` That 's a very useful output for someone who wants to sow chaos in a democratic institution . ''
And even if readers rejected the outlandish statements , the trolls still grabbed their attention . For the Russian propagandists , that in itself was a win .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inside a Russia troll factory 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In the end , the troll strategy was an export of methods Russia has used for years domestically to get citizens to see themselves not as part of a nation but as members of smaller ethnic and identity-based groups , and play all sides against each other .
`` They want us fighting among ourselves , '' said McFaul , the former ambassador . `` Then we 're distracted . We 're not talking about Syria . We 're not talking about American leadership . We 're questioning whether democracy will survive . We 're less of a player internationally — and that 's good for Russia . ''
“ He is a publicly known person involved in advancing the peace process . ”
By MARYA SALAMAT
Bulatlat.com
MANILA – “ The incredible circumstances surrounding the illegal arrest of 69-year old Rafael Baylosis , as related by the police , follow an utterly bad script that it wo n't pass even for cheap comics. ” This is how lawyer Rachel Pastores of the Public Interest Law Center ( PILC ) described the police story of the events that supposedly led to the arrest of Baylosis and his companion afternoon of January 31 .
Baylosis was arrested without a warrant on January 31 in Quezon City . The police claimed he and his companions were carrying illegal firearms . Later , the police added that there was a grenade “ associated ” with his brown rice , an accusation which Rafael Baylosis ' wife , Lou , vehemently denied . She has just given him that rice that afternoon . “ I will not put a grenade in my husband 's rice . ”
Worse , according to Pastores , there are “ hallmarks of perjury ” in the police story as the police hastened to supply justifications for why they happened to be tailing , surveilling and then detaining Baylosis and Roque Guillermo Jr .
“ They said they heard info that two armed men were seen moving about in the area ( in Katipunan ) . And when the police took a look , they said they saw these two men boarding a tricycle . Then a gust of wind lifted their shirt , and the police saw their gun . And then , they swooped and made an arrest. ” But according to Pastores , Baylosis and his companions were unarmed . As such , the guns were planted evidence , and this is not the first time the police had done that , Karapatan secretary-general Cristina Palabay said at a press conference .
Baylosis has been researching and consulting with various groups as part of his task in the Reciprocal Working Group on Political and Constitutional Reforms . His wife , Lou Baylosis , said this assignment is all the more imperative now given the talk on federalism and the Duterte administration 's cha-cha drive .
“ He is a publicly known person involved in advancing the peace process , ” Pastores said of Baylosis . She added that the police claims flew in the face of Baylosis ' record and known habits – “ hindi po siya isang sanggano na pagala-gala at May baril , siya ay nagsusulong ng pagbabago at peace talks para pag-usapan ito. ” ( He is not a thug wandering with a gun , he is a man advocating for change and peace negotiations to talk about this change . )
Harry Roque ‘ ignorant ' about JASIG
Baylosis ' original bail is still active and in force , too , as per a Regional Trial Court decision , Pastores said .
“ The only basis for his arrest was the concocted story that a known 69-year old peace consultant was swaggering around a busy city street with a gun in his waist and a grenade “ associated ” ( the police 's term , not ours ) with the brown rice he was holding . What a way to plant and cook evidence , ” Edre Olalia of National Union of People 's Lawyers said in another statement .
As to Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque 's statement , Pastores said he is clearly mistaken , or ignorant , about the JASIG ( Joint Agreement on Safety and Immunity Guarantees ) . Roque had raised a brow when progressive groups demanded the immediate release of Baylosis citing JASIG .
Even if the peace talks had been “ terminated ” , the JASIG has provisions that those who participated in it are granted immunity from surveillance , arrest and harassment , Pastores said . “ It is expressly stated in the JASIG , ” she added .
Without such a provision , there would have been no chance of a peace negotiation , Pastores said . That 's because this is the way to encourage both parties to the talks . How else would anyone participate if , in an eventuality , the talks bogged down , their very participation would be used to violate their human rights ? Pastores said those provisions remain in force whether or not the peace talks have been terminated . After all , she said , JASIG is an agreement duly signed by the Government of the Republic of the Philippines and the NDFP . The two parties who signed it are of course expected to abide by it .
She also cautioned Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque against making himself “ an accomplice in the killing of the peace negotiations . ”
“ There is a public clamor for the peace negotiations . Many are calling for the peace talks to continue rather than have a killing spree , ” Pastores said . She also said they are “ seriously considering ” to file counter charges .
“ This practice ( of planting evidence ) has to stop . Mahirap masanay ang pulis sa ganito. ” ( The police should n't get used to doing this . )
Baylosis arrest a violation of signed peace agreements , human rights
Not only was the arrest of Baylosis a violation of the JASIG , it is also a violation of the Comprehensive Agreement on Respect for Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law , which the Philippine government and the NDFP had also signed . According to Renato Reyes Jr. , secretary general of Bagong Alyansang Makabayan , this arrest is clearly a violation , too , of human rights and an attempt to sow fear among the people to prevent them from questioning the Duterte administration .
“ It 's a Marcos tactic , a tokhang tactic , ” Reyes said of the arresting team 's planted evidence . He called this is an attack not just on the progressive organizations but on dissent .
Karapatan noted numerous rights violations in the government 's conduct of the arrest of Baylosis and Guerrero . This included denial access to lawyers and human rights advocates . Palabay said , “ We were there at 10 p.m. ; we 've seen him but the team was not allowed to get access to him ” on January 31 .
Baylosis ' lawyer also said he had been asking for a lawyer since he was arrested but it was denied to him . He was also not read the Miranda doctrine at the time of his arrest .
Karapatan and NUPL questioned the supposed guns seized from Baylosis and Guerrero . According to Palabay , seven in every 10 political prisoners in the country are slapped with trumped up charges related to possession of illegal firearms and explosives . “ It 's the easiest way ( for the government troops ) to just plant so-called evidence and file criminal charges on activists to curtail their liberty , ” she added .
In Baylosis ' case , the handgrenade that appeared out of thin air and which the police tacked into their first trumped-up claim will make the case non-bailable , Olalia told Bulatlat .
Instead of sowing lies , violence , and tyranny , President Duterte and his administration would do better to respond to the needs and demands of the people , COURAGE chairperson Ferdinand Gaite said at the press conference . Other mass leaders also vowed not to be intimidated by the looming crackdown on dissent .
Vencer Crisostomo , leader of youth group Anakbayan , invited the public to join and support the commemoration of People Power on February 25 , an anti-Martial Law day .
Share
There 's one serious benefit that 's emerged from Nintendo 's choice to use standard Bluetooth technology in the Nintendo Switch : You can easily use the console 's unique controllers on PC , Mac , and even Android devices . That includes the Joy-Cons and the Switch Pro Controller , the latter of which is an additional $ 70 expense that 's totally worth it . And all you need to use these controllers on PC is a Bluetooth receiver ( if you do n't already have built-in Bluetooth ) .
How to connect the Joy-Con controllers
You can easily pair Joy-Con controllers with a Windows or Mac computer from directly within the Bluetooth menu . Follow the steps below to do so .
Step 1 : Turn on Bluetooth on your PC/Mac .
Step 2 : Disconnect the Joy-Con from the Switch as you would normally .
Step 3 : Hold the “ sync ” button on the Joy-Con — which is located between the SR and SL buttons — until the LED lights start flashing . Use the image below , if you 're in need of further clarification .
Step 4 : Look for the Joy-Con in your computer 's Bluetooth menu , and select the option to pair it with your device . There are some quirks , like the fact that the pairing lights on the Joy-Con wo n't stop blinking . You can confirm that the controller is connected , however , by looking at your computer 's Bluetooth settings . If you see the error message below , move the controller around to ensure no other devices are interfering with the signal . Then try again .
Unfortunately , the two Joy-Cons will be treated as separate controllers by default . That 's great for two-player games , but it makes the Joy-Cons useless for playing anything complex , like a first-person shooter ( why are you using a controller to play a PC shooter anyway ? ) .
There is also a fairly elaborate workaround to sync a pair of Joy-Cons together as a single controller . It involves multiple external programs and some intensive tinkering , so we think the process we 've described is the best way to go . If you 're interested , though , follow the steps outlined by Reddit user Jayzizzle1234 .
How to connect a Pro Controller
The Pro Controller can also connect to your Windows or macOS machine , or even an Android device . Do n't try to plug it in via USB , however , because that wo n't work .
Just like with the Joy-Con controllers , you 're going to use Bluetooth to connect the Pro Controller to a desktop PC or an alternative device . The steps are essentially the same as connecting the Joy-Cons , so check the bullet points above for the exact method . The sync button for the Pro Controller is located at the top of the controller , directly to the left of the USB-C plug .
The Pro Controller should prove more viable for a wider range of games than the Joy-Cons , namely because it touts a more traditional layout , although it 's not compatible with everything . That 's due to the controller APIs in use ; the Pro Controller apparently uses DirectInput , rather than the newer API XInput , making it incompatible with many newer games .
One method to get around this is to download the freeware program x360ce , which translates DirectInput commands for XInput games.It was specifically designed for Xbox 360 controllers , so x360ce does recognize the Switch Pro Controller .
Using it requires some gaming savvy , which , to be fair , you probably have if you 're attempting this in the first place . But it 's an imperfect solution — no amount of fiddling could get Portal 2 to recognize the Pro Controller , for example — and for now , we 'll have to wait for the homebrew community to come up with their own methods .
Other things to keep in mind
Another thing : You ca n't charge the Pro Controller while its paired via Bluetooth , so keep it plugged in while not in use if it 's your controller of choice for marathon sessions . Thankfully , the Pro Controller has exceptional battery life — 40-plus hours on a full charge .
Also , if you 're using the Joy-Cons , keep in mind that if you have had connectivity issues with your left Joy-Con on Switch , you may run into similar problems on other devices . The Bluetooth connection can be iffy and is easily interrupted by interfering devices . Keep the line between the Joy-Con and your PC clear , and if it 's getting janky , try adjusting where you hold the controller .
Both the Joy-Cons and Pro Controller are best used with older games that support simple controls and the older DirectInput API . They may even be the best option for emulating old Nintendo games on your PC or other device — after all , what could be more fitting than using the newest Nintendo controller to play the oldest Nintendo games ?
Updated March 19 , 2018 , by Steven Petite : Added information on using a pair of Joy-Cons as a single controller .
Last Sunday the staff at Xana Beach Club made offerings at the nearby shrine in hope of securing some sunny weather for their inaugural Sunday Fun Brunch of 2017 . The Gods listened .
It 's been a rainy couple of weeks in Phuket , even as I 'm writing this , ominous dark clouds are building up in the sky . And it 's no surprise , the picture perfect aura of the high season is yet to come to Phuket this year .
The weather , however , is n't the only sign of the change of seasons on our island . There are also Sunday brunches . Each year hotels and resorts make the Sunday brunch offering the highlight of their week . And each year it 's Xana who 's the first to open its doors to hungry tourists and local alike and invite them for a few hours of guilt-free feasting .
Guilt free and fun . While other resorts often present a more luxurious face of the Sunday brunch experience , with free-flowing champagne , all-you-can-eat lobster etc . Xana focuses on the fun aspect of the Sunday spread . It 's not that there are n't premium goods here , there are and plenty .
But in all honesty , you 'd be wise to skip the so so oysters and greasy foie gras and go for the more casual dishes instead – grilled meats and seafood , burgers , wraps , salads , dips , a fantastic selection of cheeses as well as some solid local options ( and desserts , if you manage to squeeze them in ) . All this goes great with the branch 's beachside/poolside setting and relaxed atmosphere further enhanced by live music , fun games for the kids and tightly clad hostesses distributing ( virgin , naturally ) cocktails and ( non-alcoholic , of course ) beers to the guests .
They say that one swallow does n't make a summer but I think it 's safe to say that with Xana Sunday Fun Brunch here , the high season in Phuket has just begun .
Learn more on xanabeachclub.com
Before you go , here are some photos from the inaugural Xana Sunday Fun Brunch 2017
Mountains . Covered in snow . Skis , on your feet , ready to go . Average price of beer : about €1.20 , you say ? And B & Bs costing as little €25 per night ? Sounds decent . Sounds very decent indeed . But where would one have to go for such affordable wintery delights ? Step forward into the bright glare of the spotlight – Jasna , Slovakia .
“ Compare that price to more traditional skiing destinations , and you can see that it 's a bit of a steal ”
Jasná Nízke Tatry , to give it its full name , is the country 's biggest ski resort . The sandwich filling , if you 'll pardon the expression , to the bread triumvirate of Austria , Ukraine , and Poland , mountainous Slovakia has more thick forests than you could shake a big , chopped down tree at . The resort itself can be found in the Tatra Mountains . One two and a half hour flight from the UK and a 30 minute drive from Poprad Airport , and you 're there .
Here are some reasons you need to visit .
1 ) Nearly 50km Of Slopes To Enjoy
Screenshot via Jasna 's ‘ Fresh Tracks ' Video .
So , technically . Technically . The resort offers 49km of ski slopes . But , I mean , come on . Between mates . Between you and me ( we 're mates now , me and you ) , 49 is basically the same as 50 . These slopes are serviced by a combined force of 30 cable cars and lifts , meaning you and your mates should be able to get around the place with ease .
The slopes up Jasna way cater for everyone – from true beginners , families with children , intermediates , advanced skiers and even world class athletes . What 's more , if you like getting off-piste , Jasna is home to some wonderfully powdery tree runs . For more on that , read the full story on what happened when we went snowboarding in Jasna .
2 ) It 's Very Affordable
Screenshot via Jasna 's ‘ Fresh Tracks ' Video .
Sometimes , you 'll go skiing for a week , have an absolutely amazing time , come home , look at your bank balance and be overcome with a sudden feeling of queasiness . “ What have I done ? ! ” you 'll shout at the sky with arms aloft , “ I 've bankrupted myself in the pursuit of snow fun , and now I have to live off tinned soup and old cotton walking socks for the next six months . Woe is me . ”
Fortunately , with Jasna this nightmare scenario is extremely unlikely as the Slovakian ski resort is the definition of affordable . We 've already mentioned the super low cost of accomodation and beer ( €1.20 a pint , pal ) but what about the lift passes ? Stuff like that . Well , you 'll no doubt be delighted to hear that you can get a six-day ski pass , if you book three days in advance with GoPass , for just €178 . Compare that price to more traditional skiing destinations , and you can see that it 's a bit of a steal .
Also , those worried that Jasna 's affordability means it 's synonymous with a lack of luxury need not be concerned . There are a number of four to five-star hotels here , as well as some high-end chalets , fine dining restaurants and top end retail outlets . More than enough going on to keep people from all walks of life happy ( whether your name is Billy Big Bucks or Freda Frugal ) .
U.S. physicians earn on average $ 294,000 a year , a new survey shows , with men earning 31 percent more than women and white men earning 15 percent more than black men .
The survey of 19,000 doctors by Medscape shows most wish they earned even more , even as most specialties , with the exception of pediatricians , got raises in 2016 .
A new study found that specialists earn more than family practice doctors . Hero Images / Getty Images
The biggest earners ? Orthopedists , who rake in $ 489,000 a year .
Plastic surgeons got the biggest raises in 2016 — a pretty grand 24 percent , bringing their annual take to $ 354,000 a year , the survey found .
Specialists earn more than family practice doctors . Family practice and pediatricians earn just over $ 200,000 a year , the survey found .
Male specialist physicians make on average 31 percent more than their female counterparts , although that gap narrows among the younger generation . The survey found an 18 percent difference for doctors under the age of 34 .
Even at that , a third of specialists said they felt they should be earning even more money .
Related : Female Doctors Outperform Male Doctors , According to Study
Only half of African-American physicians feel they are paid fairly and they do earn less than whites — $ 262,000 compared to $ 303,000 for white men .
Those who want to earn more should try moving to a less populated state . Doctors in North Dakota earned the most on average : $ 361,000 a year , compared to $ 235,000 in Washington , D.C . In general , doctors in rural , cold states — Alaska , New Hampshire and the Dakotas — earned more than doctors working in the eastern seaboard states of Maryland , Virginia and Delaware .
A study published Monday showed doctors are spending more time on paperwork than they are treating patients .
Related : Doctors ' Political Views May Affect Patient Care , Yale Study Says
`` Our results suggest that the physicians logged an average of 3.08 hours on office visits and 3.17 hours on desktop medicine each day , '' Ming Tai-Seale of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation Research Institute and colleagues wrote in the journal Health Affairs .
They surveyed the electronic health records of 471 primary care doctors in California , and found each physician saw an average of 12 patients a day — for an average of about 18 minutes per visit .
The rest of the days were spent on the phone , reviewing charts , refilling prescriptions and other activities .
But most physicians say they love their work , even if they do feel they are burdened with too much paperwork . Close to 80 percent said they 'd choose medicine again if they had to all to do over again .
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face , one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Mr. Qaseem called home .
“ Listen carefully to what I am about to tell you , and please do n't scream , ” Mr. Qaseem instructed one of Officer Tameem 's sisters . He was worried that someone might drop dead from a happy shock .
“ Tameem is alive , ” Mr. Qaseem told her . “ We found him at the hospital . ”
There was a moment of silence . And then she screamed . On his end of the line , Mr. Qaseem was briefly forgotten . He could hear only screams of joy . One of the sisters fainted .
“ Maybe it was the prayer of those parrots who were freed from the cage , ” Ghulam Naqshband , an older neighbor , said with a smile .
Officer Tameem was on duty in Kabul on Jan. 27 when a Taliban bomber drove an ambulance past two checkpoints on a busy street and detonated explosives . More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 wounded .
Speaking from his hospital bed as a nurse attended to his neck wound , Officer Tameem said he does not remember the moment of the blast . When he regained consciousness , he said his first thought was to make sure his mother did not hear about his wounds — not knowing his family had already given him a burial .
Photo
“ I had asked them not to tell my mother about my situation , so she does n't die . I am her youngest son , ” Officer Tameem said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lately , the explosions have become so devastating that bodies are often hard to identify .
After each attack in Kabul , the bodies arrive at the city 's forensic medicine department . Families go there to identify and collect the remains . Often , there is not enough to identify — just a torso , or limbs . The department does not have the capabilities for DNA testing .
Some unclaimed bodies remain at the morgue for weeks , or months . Then , quietly , municipal workers pick them up for a burial .
The explosion was so large that Mohammed Roeen , another cousin of Officer Tameem , said he could see the smoke from their rooftop across town . Once it became clear that it had happened near the officer 's duty station , the search began . Officer Tameem 's phone was switched off . Relatives went from the site of the attack to every city hospital .
They found no trace of him .
Mr. Roeen said they managed to reach the company commander . “ He said : ‘ Look , he was standing here . This is the container . This is where the car bomb detonated . How can we expect him to be alive ? ' ”
After two days of searching , they returned to the morgue . The bodies that remained were in bad shape . Mr. Qaseem said they settled on a torso that was skinny and young — like Officer Tameem 's . The forensic staff members did some blood tests and said it was him . They said they would wash and prepare him in a coffin for pickup the next morning . The government gave the family a death payment of about $ 2,000 .
Photo
Then , Mr. Qaseem turned to the more difficult task : breaking the news to Officer Tameem 's mother and sisters . One of the officer 's sisters had set aside about $ 20 of her savings , saying she would give it as alms to the poor if she heard good news .
“ We prepared and convinced his mother that this was God 's will , that the women should not open the coffin , ” Mr. Qaseem said .
When the coffin was placed in the yard , the women wailed and threw themselves at it . Quickly , the men lifted the coffin again and made their way to the cemetery . No one really knows whom they buried .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
As Officer Tameem 's family and friends celebrate his second life , another family is still searching .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After the call of good news , Officer Tameem 's mother and sisters went to the hospital . But they had to wait outside for about two hours because the Afghan president was visiting the wounded .
When his mother got in , many in the room were trying to keep it brief so that the emotions would not overwhelm Officer Tameem .
Photo
“ They were both crying , ” Mr. Qaseem said . “ Tameem had tears , and he was able to move his hand . ”
Her son given a second life , the mother has left for their village , in Kapisa Province . Four others from their village were killed in the ambulance bombing . She wanted to mourn with their families .
Mr. Naqshband , the neighbor , said that distant relatives who had not been informed of the twist still arrive at the house to pay their respects .
“ Even today , I was just standing here and a woman came asking for directions : ‘ Where is the house of martyr Tameem ? ' ” Mr. Naqshband said . “ I said : ‘ He is alive . Do n't you go into their house saying martyr . ' ”
Officer Tameem is on the mend , though his wounds are concerning . When healed , he wants to return to the force . “ I want to go back to my work , God willing , ” he said . “ I have given an oath that I will serve . ”
Around the city , word has gotten out about the officer 's survival . Mr. Qaseem said hospital workers ask visitors if they are there to see “ the dead policeman who became alive . ”
