Patna : The ruling JD ( U ) and the Opposition RJD on Tuesday engaged in a blame game over NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant 's assertion that eastern India , particularly states like Bihar , UP and Chattisgarh , were responsible for the country 's backwardness .
Terming Kant 's statement as `` unfortunate '' and `` irresponsible '' , Leader of Opposition Tejashwi Prasad Yadav took a dig at chief minister Nitish Kumar for maintaining silence over the matter .
`` Bihar CM Nitish Kumar should condemn Kant 's statement . He should tell people that Niti Aayog is lying to them ... Why ca n't he muster courage to speak against the statement , which not only lowers the morale of the people but belittles the state 's contribution to the nation 's development ? '' he said .
Kant , while speaking at the Jamia Millia Islamia University in Delhi yesterday , said eastern India , particularly states like Bihar , UP , Chhattisgarh , is keeping India backward , especially on the social indicators .
`` There is NDA government both at Centre and in the state and even after 13 year of JD ( U ) -NDA sushashan ( good governance ) , and Babus ( officers ) are saying that Bihar is a backward state , '' Yadav , the former Bihar deputy CM , quipped .
`` Biharis pay taxes , just like people in other parts of the country . The state gave 33 MPs to the NDA and seven Union ministers , '' he said .
The ruling JD ( U ) , however , said `` unbalanced development '' was the reason behind the country 's sluggish growth rate . The equitable growth of all states can lead to the overall development of the nation , JD ( U ) MLC and spokesman Niraj Kumar said .
In a veiled reference to the erstwhile Congress government at the Centre , Kumar asked people to think carefully about `` who was to be blamed for India 's lopsided development '' so far .
The Bihar Legislature had unanimously passed a resolution for according special category status to the state and remove inequality .
`` Despite being enlisted in backward states , Bihar 's growth rate in the construction sector has been better than the national average growth in past 12 years ... The state can not be held responsible for not achieving a desired goal on the human development index . It has to deal with natural calamities like floods because of rivers that originate in other states , '' he said .
The secretary of Patna-based Asian Development Research Institute ( ADRI ) , Shaibal Gupta , said Amitabh Kant should be sacked for his `` reckless '' statement .
`` Kant has no sense of history or understanding about the hindi heartland ... We must know that Bihar and UP were subjected to adversarial treatment by the British for their persevered attempts to fuel national freedom movements , '' Gupta said .
`` We would appeal to the Prime Minister to sack him . It does not augur well that an important lieutenant of the government is making a statement with undertones of discrimination at a time when the nation needs empathy and integration more than ever , '' he said .
The Accord was traveling east in the westbound lanes , Olivas said , and crested a hill before slamming head-on into the Versa . Riverside County Fire Department paramedics reached the location within a few minutes and rushed the children to Riverside University Medical Center in Moreno Valley , where they died less than an hour later .
What you do from the time you get to the curb at the Edmonton International Airport until you 're finally boarded is quickly changing thanks to artificial intelligence . A forum Monday heard a whole new vision in aviation reality that will come from digital staff in a virtual lounge .
That 's how Ed Sims of WestJet sees it . Supplemental information on top of what you now get from uniformed staff will be available in pop-up virtual lounges that will emerge in busy times at the airport , and will disappear when things are n't so rushed .
Sims is in Edmonton to share his vision , and get some ideas from the artificial intelligence experts at the University of Alberta .
“ We are developing that concept , the intelligence that sits behind that concept , ” Sims told reporters .
He talked about the group 's commitment to use Edmonton as the starting off point , following a lunch-hour forum at Rogers Place .
“ It 's not something we 're ready to roll out today but we have made a commitment as part of our relationship with the mayor and with Edmonton Airport that we want to joint co-create that with our good friends in Edmonton . ”
READ MORE : Hello San Francisco ! Air Canada launching daily non-stop flight from Edmonton International Airport
The folks behind the customer counter wo n't be able to tell you about a parking spot in the airport parkade that emerged in the last 10 minutes but the touchscreen concierge will , Sims said .
WestJet wants to compare ideas from artificial intelligence experts here with other centres in Canada .
“ We really want to work with people on two criteria . One — that they 've got the intelligence to develop product that has n't been seen in the aviation world before and two — they 've got the same sense of commercial urgency that drives speed to market that allows us to roll out a concept within months of describing the concept rather than years . ”
Airport CEO Tom Ruth said the digital strategy is being expanded , and will roll out over time . But passengers will begin to notice changes within the year .
“ For people to know how long a security line is , where they can buy things… Over time , we just want to make sure that we 're putting a lot of information in the hands of customers so their airport experience can be that much more enjoyable . ”
He envisions a bag drop in several locations in the departure terminal , not unlike what happens at the Jet Set parking , where you can hand over your bags there , well before you take a shuttle after parking your car .
Ruth said they 've already made progress at customs .
READ MORE : WestJet delivers Christmas surprise to Edmonton passengers
“ When you 're coming in from anywhere in the world now , you do n't have to fill out your customs forms . That happened about a month ago . We 're one of four airports in Canada where you can come and literally I can put my information here on my cell phone , and when I go through Edmonton customs I can put this ( phone ) with its bar code and I 've pretty much got everything done . We 're going to more and more of those things . ”
Sims expects more phone use in other ways .
Within three years , he anticipates the paper boarding pass will be a thing of the past . Ninety per cent of travellers in Australia are that way now , but only 45-50 per cent of Canadians .
“ There 's a sense the app might not be as physical and as tangible as paper boarding pass , but we need to remove that dependency on that piece of paper . ”
“ People thought the removal of paper ticketing would take 10 years , and it was essentially within three . ”
Burnley : Pep Guardiola defended his decision to name only six substitutes for Manchester City 's 1-1 Premier League draw at Burnley , claiming that he did not have enough players to fill his bench despite boasting the Premier League 's most expensive squad .
The City manager visited Turf Moor without seven injured players on Saturday and has recently complained that referees are not offering his players enough protection .
City also had a late pursuit of Leicester 's Riyad Mahrez rebuffed by the Foxes before Wednesday 's transfer deadline .
But Guardiola insisted that an elite development squad fixture on Friday evening was also a key factor behind his decision as he did not want to withdraw any of his youngsters from that game to travel with the first team .
`` We did n't have any players , '' said Guardiola . `` They are injured .
`` I 'd like to have 18 players and could have called on one of the second team , but they played yesterday . Others were injured .
`` We decided not to bring someone onto the bench who played last night because they would n't have played . We will see at Leicester ( on Saturday ) how many are coming back . ''
However , Guardiola 's selection drew widespread criticism , particularly from the television pundit and former Manchester United star Gary Neville who described the decision as a `` joke '' .
Even without a series of key players including David Silva , Leroy Sané and Gabriel Jesus , City looked well on course for victory after Danilo 's stunning 22nd-minute opener .
However , Guardiola 's men missed a catalogue of chances in the second half , the worst of which saw England forward Raheem Sterling miss a straightforward tap-in before he was substituted two minutes later .
And that error was punished after 82 minutes when Johann Berg Gudmundsson volleyed in a spectacular equaliser .
`` That 's football , the next time he will score , '' said Guardiola , who claimed that his substitution of Sterling was unrelated to his miss .
`` Today there was one chance and that can happen . We will focus on the next day , focus on improving to become a stronger team . That happens .
`` There were a lot of chances when we were there waiting for the last pass , or shot . Of course , we are sad to drop two points but to come here and play as we did is almost impossible . ''
Complacency not a problem
The draw at Turf Moor came 24 hours after Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho appeared to already concede the title race to Guardiola .
The Catalan had dismissed Mourinho 's `` surrender '' on the eve of the game claiming that , with 13 games remaining , there was still plenty of football left to be played .
And the City manager insisted that complacency was n't City 's problem on Saturday .
`` Believe me the team was focused , '' said Guardiola . `` You do n't play as we did without that .
`` Jose said what he did , I said what I did . You can believe which one . There are still 36 points to play for . A lot will happen .
`` Today we had 15 players and one goalkeeper . Football is unpredictable – you saw what happened today . We played amazing football , and I do n't have regrets .
`` Today was one of the best performances we have had this season by far . We controlled many , many situations . That 's why I am optimistic that ( we ) can keep going at this level . ''
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has not seen his team win in nine league games but took pride in a performance against a side he fully expects to win the league .
`` They had an unbelievable miss and that changed the feeling in the stadium and our quality was on show with a fantastic goal , '' said Dyche .
`` But they 're the best side in the division , the best squad in the division and , overall , they showed the quality they 've got . Anyone would take a point against them . ''
Our friends at Thrifter are back again , this time with a deal on free home phone service !
The Ooma Telo free home phone service device is down to $ 63 as part of Amazon 's Gold Box deals of the day . This is the lowest price ever for the Ooma Telo , matching a drop it has n't seen since April . Over the last six months , its street price has fluctuated around $ 80-90 .
If you have n't heard of Ooma Telo before , it 's basically a system that wants to replace your landline or any landline you might be paying for but not using ( through a cable bundle , for example ) . Once you pay for the initial device , the only thing you 'll pay for after that is monthly taxes ( $ 3-6 depending on where you live ) . Given how much your cable bundle might be costing you , this system could end up paying for itself within a year .
Ooma Telo creates a landline that uses your home Internet connection . It gets you free nationwide calling , call waiting , caller ID , 911 service , a call log history and voicemail . It 's easy to set up , comes with good mobile apps , and you can keep your original phone number if you want . Ooma also has some neat extra features like sending voicemail to email or text message and also lets you block known telemarketers .
Ooma Telo is better than other VoIP services like Vonage because you 're paying up front for the device and then , except for taxes , do n't have to pay for anything ever again unless you want to . With Vonage 's best deal you 're paying $ 10 a month , which means Ooma Telo pays for itself over that service in half a year with this deal .
See at Amazon
More from Thrifter
For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now !
North Korea , meanwhile , has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam , a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometres from Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital . This would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective , and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they 're fired .
Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , is visiting South Korea , Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military “ locked and loaded ” and said he was ready to unleash “ fire and fury ” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States .
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump 's warnings if need be .
SEOUL—The top U.S. military officer said Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the “ full range ” of its military capabilities in case of provocation .
The U.S.-North Korea impasse , which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953 , has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North 's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland . Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month .
“ We are seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis , ” Dunford , who also met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in , said to reporters , according to a local pool report .
He earlier told his South Korean counterparts that America is ready “ to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland , ” according to U.S. military spokesman Capt . Darryn James .
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff , saying that “ there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula , ” according to his office .
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House , Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in co-operation with the United States and other countries . Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking .
North Korea , which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program , continued its tough stance on Monday .
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month . Pyongyang , which claims the drills are war preparation , says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin .
“ What matters is that if a second conflict ( on the peninsula ) erupts , that can not help but lead to a nuclear war , ” the North 's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary . “ We are closely monitoring every move by the United States . ”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States .
Dunford earlier told reporters travelling with him to Asia that he aims to “ sense what the temperature is in the region. ” He also will discuss military options in the event the “ diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign ” fails .
“ We 're all looking to get out of this situation without a war , ” Dunford said .
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness . Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation .
Trump has pushed China , North Korea 's biggest economic partner and source of aid , to do more to stop the North 's nuclear ambitions . Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited .
Trump 's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles .
For all his bluster , Trump 's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific , and an important , quiet diplomatic channel remained open .
On Sunday , CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster , Trump 's national security adviser , tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable , while also supporting Trump 's tough talk . They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile .
CONCORD , N.C. -- Denny Hamlin 's streak is alive .
Hamlin topped qualifying Friday night for the NASCAR Cup playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway , marking the 13th straight year he has captured a pole on the top circuit .
`` I knew the time was running out to get a pole because I had n't won one this year , '' said Hamlin about his 25th career pole . `` I wanted to keep the streak of winning one every year alive . ''
Hamlin turned a lap at 191.598 mph in the No . 11 Toyota on the 1½-mile oval for his first pole of the season . He 'll share the front row with Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Matt Kenseth .
Denny Hamlin has 15 top-10 and seven top-five finishes at Charlotte Motor Speedway but has never won there . Sarah Crabill/Getty Images
Hamlin has wins at New Hampshire and Darlington this year , but he has never won at Charlotte . However , he has always run well here with 15 top-10s and seven top-5s at CMS . He attributes that success to things he 's learned from teammates Kenseth and Kyle Busch .
`` I love coming to this track because we do run really , really well here , so I 'm glad to see it 's in the sweet spot of the playoffs where we can really make some hay , '' Hamlin said .
Kevin Harvick was third , followed by Busch and Clint Bowyer .
Dale Earnhardt Jr. , who is racing for the final time at Charlotte , qualified 23rd in a backup car after he crashed just moments into practice .
Kurt Busch will start eighth .
Busch wore a `` VegasStrong '' T-shirt under his firesuit to honor the victims of the mass shooting earlier this week in the racing brothers ' hometown .
Jimmie Johnson , a seven-time NASCAR champion with eight victories at Charlotte , did not advance out of the first round and will start 25th . Johnson was considered a strong contender to win this race given his history , but the poor qualifying may have dealt him a tough blow .
Johnson said it will be difficult to fight his way up through the field .
`` I am disappointed with tonight , and I am disappointed with how we are qualifying right now , '' Johnson said . `` We just have n't put our finger on it . But we are working hard at it . ''
Earnhardt 's final weekend as a full-time driver at his home track got off to a bad start after he crashed on a slick surface in practice .
Track officials added a substance -- called PJ11 -- to the high line of the track to improve grip . Earnhardt drove his car high early in the afternoon practice session , slipped and hit the wall , prompting his Hendrick Motorsports team to pull out his backup car .
Earnhardt said he thought the track was too slick .
`` I 'm avoiding it until somebody can go up there and shows me there is a lap up there , '' said Earnhardt . `` I ai n't going near it , on purpose . Might end up it accidentally a few times , but I do n't think anybody is willing to go up there without seeing somebody do it first . It 's obviously very slick . It 's like ice . ''
None of the drivers crashed during qualifying .
Martin Truex Jr. said he thinks the track surface will get better as the weekend progresses .
`` I think we just need some cars to run on that stuff and wear it in and get the track kind of prepped , '' Truex said . `` Certainly I do n't think anyone expected it to be as challenging as it was . Maybe for the future we definitely need to look at a different way to prep the track so when we go out there guys are n't running into the wall . ''
-Madhur Singh
India 's health ministry has proposed a law to govern data security in the healthcare sector that would give individuals complete ownership of their health data . Individuals would have the absolute right to refuse or allow data to be generated , collected , accessed , transmitted or used . And data collectors such as hospitals would be prohibited from refusing treatment to those who do not want their data collected or used .
This would make India one of the world 's foremost jurisdictions in the regulation of healthcare data , at a time when governments around the world are scrambling to keep a check on who gets to generate and use data and how especially as citizens do not completely understand the data privacy and security implications of the innumerable applications they wittingly or unwittingly use .
The draft Digital Information Security in Healthcare Act was proposed by the health ministry on 11 March 2018 . The period for stakeholder comment ended on 21 April , and a bill is currently being finalised . Experts say the health ministry is possibly waiting for a final verdict from the Supreme Court on petitions challenging the constitutional validity of Aadhaar—on which it has just completed the second-longest oral hearing in the history of the court . The ruling is expected in July or August .
The verdict will guide India 's data privacy framework , which is already being prepared by the Committee of Experts on a Data Protection Framework for India being chaired by Justice BN Srikrishna . It will also have implications for the health ministry 's proposed law .
Use of data
Digital Health Data ( DHD ) , or electronic health records of individuals or the public ( when aggregated ) , typically comprise information such as a patient 's age , contact information , vital signs , lab reports , medical history including immunisations , allergies , and current and past medications .
The use of DHD promises to revolutionise healthcare services by providing more comprehensive care using the most accurate records possible , possibly reducing costs and timelines for all involved .
The law would allow anonymised health data , which can not be traced to individuals , to be used for specified public health purposes , such as early detection and rapid response to public health emergencies such as bioterror events and infectious disease outbreaks .
However , for data in the identifiable form , the draft stipulates that explicit prior permission would be needed from the digital data owner before each transmission or use . For instance , often companies offer free medical checkups to all employees . By revealing a pregnancy or a serious chronic condition , these tests could imperil an employee 's situation with their employer . With the proposed law , an employee could refuse to allow the pathology laboratory to share their data with the employer .
In recognition of the serious privacy and security concerns over the uses and misuses of digital health data , the proposed law would completely prohibit the use of digital health data for ‘ commercial purposes ' , whether in an identifiable or anonymised form .
This would mean that insurance companies , employers , human resource consultants and pharmaceutical companies would not be allowed to access or use health data , the law firm Trilegal said in an analysis posted on its website on 11 April 2018 .
“ Currently , employers can process health data for employee benefits , office records and insurance purposes under labour legislations like Maternity Benefits Act , Employee Compensation Act and Employee State Insurance Corporation Act and as part of their internal policies , ” Trilegal said , adding that the proposed law would allow the use of digital data only to the extent required by these laws . “ However , access , use or disclosure of [ digital health data ] to employers or human resource consultants for any other purpose is prohibited , ” Trilegal noted .
Similarly , insurance companies and drugmakers would not be allowed to access or use digital health data , although use for academic , clinical and public health research would be allowed .
The central government would be tasked with establishing ‘ health information exchanges ' that would regulate the exchange of DHD between various clinical establishments—hospitals , clinics , diagnostic centres , pathology laboratories , etc—for purposes and in manners allowed under the law .
Data breach
The responsibility for ensuring data security and privacy would lie with the entity that has custody of the data , which could be penalised for the data breach .
Currently , under Indian law , companies in India are not obligated to inform individuals of a data breach , with the exception of banks , which are obligated to inform the Reserve Bank of India within six hours . The result is that individuals are often not aware that their details may have been compromised .
The draft law proposes to make breach notification mandatory . Data breaches would be ranked by severity , and the more serious kind would be punishable with a fine of at least Rs 1 lakh and a jail term of up to five years .
Clinical establishments and health information exchanges would have to notify the owner in case of a breach within three days . Data owners could claim compensation from the person who breached the data , and no limit has been prescribed for the compensation amount . The draft also specifies punishment for various other offences such as unauthorised access and data theft of up to five years ' imprisonment .
Some concerns
The stringent provisions of the proposed law , particularly the blanket ban on the use of DHD by insurance and pharmaceutical companies , has raised concerns among these industries .
“ Most data protection laws allow healthcare institutes to process data so long as there exists a legitimate interest in doing so , ” Rahul Kumar , country manager and director with security solutions company WinMagic India said , adding that provisions debarring insurance and pharmaceutical companies , “ while being protective in nature might be excessively harsh under certain circumstances ” .
The stringent privacy provisions also put the future of wearable devices in doubt , Shweta Mohandas of The Centre for Internet and Society ( CIS ) told IndiaSpend , “ Perhaps a revised draft of the law , or rules framed under the final law , would specify these details . ”
The draft does not clearly define the security measures that must be followed to prevent a data breach , Mohandas and Amber Sinha , also of the CIS , told IndiaSpend . However , a National Electronic Health Authority proposed to be set up under the law could possibly define clear set standards for maintaining security , they said .
Also , the draft proposes to allow for the withdrawal of consent but does not say how data would be removed from the system , Sinha and Mohandas said , adding that the roles of the various bodies to be established must be clearly defined .
Most commentators expect the finalised bill , which will be drafted after taking into account stakeholder comment , will iron out these issues .
“ This law in its current form and further in its revised version will go a long way to help the industry be more secure , ” Kumar said , adding , “ Compliance is known to bring in a level playing field for industries and also give the end user the confidence that the critical data is secure . ”
Many commentators also have questioned the timing of the health ministry 's draft law , given that India is currently in the process of creating a framework and an overarching legislation on data privacy and security . “ It is curious that the Ministry has chosen to not wait for the draft law , before framing and releasing their draft , ” Sinha and Mohandas said , “ This suggests a lack of coordination between the different ministries , and if due care is not taken , could lead to inconsistencies across sectoral regulations of data . ”
However , they said , it is possible that the health ministry will wait for the Supreme Court verdict in the Aadhaar litigation before finalising the bill .
( Madhur Singh is a contributing editor with IndiaSpend . )
Indiaspend.org is a data-driven , public-interest journalism non-profit/FactChecker.in is fact-checking initiative , scrutinising for veracity and context statements made by individuals and organisations in public life
`` Before the Affordable Care Act , ( West Virginia 's ) uninsured rate for people 64 to 19 was 29 percent . Today , it is 9 percent . ''
Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , had been planning to have a town hall with MSNBC 's Chris Hayes and residents of McDowell County , W.Va. , on Feb. 13 , 2017 , until the West Virginia National Guard told them they could not use a local armory for the event .
Sanders instead appeared on Hayes ' show by satellite from the U.S. Capitol , still tailoring his comments to West Virginia .
Sanders : `` And one of the ironies , Chris , is that one of the states that has benefited the most from Obamacare , the Affordable Care Act , is West Virginia . ''
Hayes : `` Yes . ''
Sanders : `` Before the Affordable Care Act , their uninsured rate for people 64 to 19 was 29 percent . Today , it is 9 percent . ''
Is that correct ? Sanders ' office pointed to one government number to support its point . Another government number we found showed a less dramatic decline , but it does n't change the thrust of his overall point .
Let 's crunch the numbers .
We 'll start by noting that the age range Sanders cited make some sense . The mandatory Medicare program kicks in at age 65 , and enhanced access for children to government health programs tends to produce higher insurance coverage rates for kids than for adults .
Sanders ' office pointed to an article in the Charleston ( W.Va. ) Gazette-Mail that touted the state had the country 's `` biggest decline '' in the uninsured rate . The article points to data from the National Health Interview Survey , conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The study found that between 2013 and 2015 , West Virginia 's uninsured rate for persons between 18 and 64 fell from 28.8 percent to 8.9 percent . That supports Sanders ' point . ( We wo n't quibble about Sanders citing an age range that was off by one year . )
However , the same report provides an important caveat . It notes that for several states — including West Virginia — the data was `` not statistically significant due to larger standard errors . ''
It turns out that some states in the CDC study do n't have enough people sampled to provide robust data . `` This would be especially important for a small , low-population state like West Virginia , '' said Gail Wilensky , who headed Medicare and Medicaid under President George H.W . Bush and remains a health care policy analyst ..
So is there a better number ? Yes , specifically , data from the Current Population Survey 's Annual Social and Economic Supplement . This data set , published by the U.S. Census Bureau , asks questions every year on a battery of topics , including health insurance coverage . The database includes figures broken down by state and age category .
We looked at West Virginia 's figures for the uninsured population below 65 and subtracted the uninsured population below 18 .
Here 's what we found .
This data backs up Sanders ' most recent uninsured rate for West Virginia . But instead of 29 percent , it shows the state 's uninsured rate hovered around 21 percent between 2008 and 2013 .
Wilensky said she 's not surprised to see such a wide difference between the two data sets , given the methodological differences . She added that the decline in West Virginia 's uninsured rate is still notable and was made possible by the Medicare expansion provision of the Affordable Care Act .
`` West Virginia 's level of uninsurance would be on the higher side to begin with since they are a poor state , '' she said . `` Since they took advantage of the Medicaid expansion , the big decline is not surprising . ''
Our ruling
Sanders said , `` Before the Affordable Care Act , ( West Virginia 's ) uninsured rate for people 64 to 19 was 29 percent . Today , it is 9 percent . ''
Sanders pointed to one federal measurement , though it has methodological problems when drilling down to the statistics for smaller states . A more reliable data set for West Virginia 's case showed a decline from 21 percent to 9 percent . The decline was not as dramatic as he 'd indicated , but it was still a significant one .
We rate the statement Mostly True .
If you know one thing about Siberia it 's this : Siberia is cold . Very cold . Especially in winter . It 's not the sort of place you 'd take a leisurely 1,200 mile strolls . Yet , there are reports coming out of Russia of a mysterious woman doing exactly that . For months people have reported a strange figure walking down the Kolyma Federal Highway—also known as the “ Road of Bones ” —slowly and silently making her way to Kamchatka on Russia 's east coast . It does n't seem to be a publicity stunt , or a “ fun run ” for charity or anything like that . It does n't seem like any sort of normal occurrence , really .
First reported by the Siberian Times , the strange figure has been seen by multiple witnesses over the last three months with no apparent survival gear or pack , save for the coat on her back and a small bag she appears to be carrying . For those of you keeping score at home , three months ago , exactly , was the middle of January . According to people who have seen the walking woman along the road , she does n't make any attempt to contact anyone , and does n't respond to offers of rides or assistance of any sort . According to the Siberian Times , some people are saying that her name is Luidmila and that she comes from Kazakhstan , though how they gleaned that information is left unclear . Also unclear is how information such as her name and country of origin did n't come with an explanation of why she 's walking across Siberia , refusing—or ignoring—all aid , in the dead of winter .
Stranger still , there 's no mention of how she 's still alive . The Kolyma Highway rarely reaches above -30 degrees Celsius in winter ( -22 degrees Fahrenheit ) , and it 's often much colder . That 's the kind of cold Jack London wrote about . That kind of cold can kill . It 's not impossible to survive , humans are pretty adept at dealing with cold , but you need gear . From the picture provided by the Times , she does n't have any . Of course , she could be a survival expert , she could be well equipped with fire-starting material , she could be a student of Wim Hoff , in which case good for her , that 's pretty cool . She really does n't give that impression though .
There are , of course , those who suspect that this woman might be something beyond earthly explanation , and considering the route she is walking , those suspicions seem understandable . The road is officially named the Kolyma Highway . Unofficially , it 's known as the Road of Bones . That macabre moniker refers to the thousands of gulag prisoners who died building this road to Siberian gold mines during Josef Stalin 's rule of the USSR . Now it 's lined with the remains of the gulags , eerie tributes to the dead , and barbed wire fences . Those that live in the towns along the Road of Bones largely ca n't leave . They or their families were left stranded by the collapse of the Soviet Union without the means to escape . Winter is six months long , and in the summer the road is nearly impassible due to the collapse of the ice bridges and the pits of mud that dissolve the dirt road . It 's not a nice place , basically , and it has more brutal and tragic history than you could shake a Kalashnikov at .
Perhaps when she reaches her destination her walk will be revealed as a stunt of some sort , or pure stubbornness . Most likely , nothing will be heard of the mysterious woman ever again . Just one more blip of the strange , at the end of the world . I hope she gets where she 's going , wherever that may be .
Premier 's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer 's disease
Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett has died at the age of 87 .
A statement from Premier John Horgan 's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer 's disease .
He died today in Victoria .
Barrett was first elected to the B.C . legislature in 1960 .
The former social worker from Vancouver became known as the champion of the little guy .
He was elected eight times as a provincial member of the legislature .
He was also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca .
Barrett made political history when his left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C . Bennett in 1972 .
He was B.C . 's first NDP premier and his three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments .
More coming .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Canceled and delayed flights are rising on the nation 's leading airlines , and so are consumer complaints .
That 's according to new figures released Wednesday by the U.S. Department of Transportation .
The rate of canceled flights nearly doubled to 1.6 percent in April compared to the same month in 2016 . Delta Air Lines accounted for nearly half the cancellations - it was crippled for days by a one-day storm in Atlanta .
About 78.5 percent of flights arrived within 14 minutes of schedule , down from the 84.5 percent on-time rate in April 2016 .
Complaints rose 70 percent , although only a tiny fraction of the millions of travelers lodged a protest .
April was also the month in which a passenger was dragged from a full United Express flight to make room for crew members .
I have about five weeks left of my Tufts career before I will move on to greener and hopefully significantly flatter pastures , but before I go , I want to express why the Tufts student body should elect Jacqueline Chen as their next Tufts Community Union ( TCU ) President on April 26 .
I will be the first to admit that over the past four years , I have felt far removed from TCU Senate 's impact in shaping my undergraduate experience . I know many of the people on Senate to be conscientious and passionate individuals , but I have remained skeptical of why they chose Senate as a means to advocate for change on campus given the important student organizing work that happens through other mediums . Jacqueline Chen has caused me to reconsider my skepticism and bias toward TCU Senate , and I believe she is the solution to our increasingly fragmented and disillusioned student body .
Jacqueline has exhibited a diligence and determination to improve student life that has paid off in ways we can all enjoy , specifically through her insistence that this university invests in its students . She was able to secure a $ 10 printing stipend for every student . Though free printing is available at some locations across campus , these stipends are a convenient alternative and remove the financial burden of printing assignments , which certainly adds up . Additionally , Jacqueline helped establish the Swipe it Forwards meal bank to combat food insecurity on campus . She is not one to pat herself on the back for her strides in improving student life . Her platform identifies the need to think even further about food insecurity at Tufts as she advocates for the opening of a food pantry for students living off-campus who may also experience food insecurity but are located farther away from the dining halls . Her demonstrated ability to allocate resources to students gives me bright hope for what 's to come .
I 'm voting for Jacqueline because I want to elect change , especially for students with marginalized identities . As a woman of color , Jacqueline inherently understands the ways in which improvements to student life that cater to marginalized identities are instrumental in student performance and mental health . According to the Tufts Observer , Tufts is losing at least 11 faculty of color at the end of this academic year , a tragic reminder of the lack of support for scholars of color at our university . Jacqueline is eager to advocate for the hiring of underrepresented identities in higher education at Tufts . Furthermore , she hopes to advance the academic environment for students of all identities through implementing cultural competency training for professors , focusing on confronting implicit biases . No one deserves to feel uncomfortable or unwelcome in the classroom environment as they pursue their education , and Jacqueline wants to take extra steps to make this much less of a likelihood .
A vote for Jacqueline is a vote for academic opportunity . Her platform suggests policies that I wish were implemented during my time as a student . For example , Jacqueline wants to create a policy for re-scheduling exams , which currently does not exist . She recognizes that when a student is faced with three exams in a 24-hour period , that student does not feel positioned for academic success . Additionally , Jacqueline hopes to make changes to the course evaluation process , giving students who dropped or withdrew from a course the opportunity to anonymously provide feedback as to why they chose not to continue the course and provide feedback for departments . I believe these changes will enrich every Tufts student 's opportunities for academic achievement .
Lastly , Jacqueline supports the work of student organizers and leaders beyond Senate . Her willingness to form partnerships with student groups to advance their agendas and grant them visibility in their efforts to improve campus life is an act of humility in recognizing that Senate does not hold a monopoly on creating change at Tufts . Through partnerships with student leaders , Senate can do a better job at supporting other student groups and centralize advocacy efforts . So as my final word to the Tufts student body , I would like to encourage you to elect a bold , brilliant and resilient woman of color with a proven track record of success as your next TCU Senate president . I 'm hopeful that Tufts will be a much better place than I am leaving it because of her efforts and dedication to the student body and her insistence that the university allocates resources to its students so that we may all have opportunities to thrive , not just survive .
New Delhi : India will host Afghanistan for their first ever Test in 2019-2020 , the BCCI announced in New Delhi on Monday .
Afghanistan earned their Test status alongside Ireland this June .
`` Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan , we decided to host their first Test , '' said BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary after the Special General Meeting .
Afghanistan and Ireland were made full members of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) in June , becoming the sport 's 11th and 12h Test-playing nations .
Besides welcoming them into five-day cricket , the BCCI has extended a helping hand to Afghanistan on a number of occasions .
The team from the war-ravaged nation has hosted its home games in India , most recently the series against Ireland in Greater Noida .
Rashid Khan and Mohammed Nabi became the first two Afghanistan cricketers to be bought at the IPL auction earlier this year .
UP by election results LIVE updates : Counting of votes for the crucial Kairana and Noorpur Assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh will be taken up Thursday . The results of these seats are important for both the BJP and the Opposition . While the saffron party needs to prove that it has n't lost its magic of the previous Lok Sabha and Assembly elections , all eyes will be on the combined Opposition candidates in the fray to see if they uproot the BJP .
Recently , the BJP was forced to bite the dust in its own bastion Gorakhpur as well as Phulpur Lok Sabha seats—both previously represented by the Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya—after BSP and SP joined hands to defeat the BJP . The party would be looking to undo the damage by defeating the combined Opposition 's candidates .
In politically and communally sensitive Kairana , the BJP has fielded former MP Hukum Singh 's daughter Mriganka Singh . She faces stiff competition from Rashtriya Lok Dal 's ( RLD ) Tabassum Hasan ( former BSP MP from Kairana in 2009 ) who is also supported by the Congress , the Samajwadi Party and also claims the support of the Bahujan Samaj Party . Mriganka also contested the Assembly elections in Kairana but lost heavily to Samajwadi Party 's Nahid Hasan , who is the son of party 's former MP Munawar Khan .
Kairana parliamentary constituency has five Assembly segments : Shamli , Thana Bhawan and Kairana in Shamli district , and Gangoh and Nakur in Saharanpur district . According to the Election Commission , there are 16.09 lakh voters in Kairana : 8.73 lakh male voters and 7.36 lakh female voters . Noorpur Assembly constituency has 3.06 lakh voters .
Similarly , the by-election to Noorpur Assembly seat was necessitated by the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chauhan in a road accident in February . The BJP has fielded Avani Singh , the wife of the deceased MLA as its candidate , while the Samajwadi Party has given a ticket to Naeemul Hasan .
The bypolls in both seats were marred by controversy over malfunctioning EVMs , election malpractices , while the troubles of the parties were compounded by a low voter turnout .
At the end of polling , Kairana Lok Sabha constituency recorded a polling percentage of 54.17 , while in Noorpur Assembly constituency , the figure was 61 percent , Joint Chief Electoral Officer , Ramesh Chandra Rai , said .
Malfunctions were reported in 384 VVPAT ( Vote Verifiable Paper Audit Trail ) machines . Of this 29 were in Noorpur ( Bijnor ) . Apart from this , three EVMs ( Electronic Voting Machines ) also malfunctioned in Shamli . Following these reports , the Election Commission ordered repolling in 73 booths of Kairana Parliamentary constituency on Wednesday , which saw a 61 percent voter turnout .
With inputs from agencies
Hartlepool 's former mayor Stuart Drummond joined a team of Pools fans when they appeared on a daytime TV quiz show .
The group of Poolies hit screens on Monday afternoon in ITV 's Tenable gameshow where they could have won thousands of pounds .
The show is hosted by Warwick Davis . Photo by ITV .
They came away empty-handed on the show hosted by actor Warwick Davis but had a good time .
Calling themselves The Cheeky Monkey Hangers , the team consisted of Pools fans Paul Fryer , Stuart Drummond , Darren Rowbotham , Bob Cross and Jonathan Prestedge .
They took it in turns to try to find as many top ten answers as possible for a variety of categories to build up a prize pot to try to bag in the final round .
But it proved more difficult than they expected .
Stuart said after the show aired : “ We just applied for a bit of fun and a laugh .
“ They put us up the night before in Slough which was n't the most glamorous of places and we had to be at Pinewood Studios early the next morning for the filming .
“ We were still a bit bleary eyed and were n't at our best .
“ I had seen little bits of it but was n't an avid watcher of the show . ”
Team captain Paul explained to Warwick the choice of their team name based on the monkey hanging legend .
In each round they had to get at least five of the ten available answers to take £1,000 through to the final , with the prize money going up the more they got .
Their categories included characters in the cartoon Peanuts , the busiest British racecourses and curry sauces .
Stuart , Darren and Paul went through to the final where they had to try to name all ten football teams from the 2016-17 season with the word ‘ town ' in them .
After getting six correct answers Paul and Darren were eliminated leaving Stuart to try to find the remaining four .
He successfully guessed Northampton , Mansfield , Grimsby and Fleetwood but failed to get the final two needed to win £1,000 banked from earlier in the game .
Stuart added : “ It was hard . I think the questions were really difficult . ”
And he joked : “ I think if I did it again I would get more intelligent teammates . ”
Stuart added he and the others have been “ hammered ” from their mates for their performance .
The episode is available to watch on the ITV Hub site for the next 28 days .
Welcome to Essential Education , our daily look at education in California and beyond . Here 's the latest :
Despite California 's new law , a Times analysis found that hundreds of schools have enough non-vaccinated children to pose an increased risk of disease outbreaks .
Mental health professionals have advice for how families should address this weekend 's violence in Charlottesville with their children .
A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he 's devastated about causing panic but was “ 100 per cent sure ” at the time that the attack was real .
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats .
READ MORE : Hawaii at fault for false emergency missile alert , not employee , FCC says
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 did n't sound like a drill . However , state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “ exercise ” repeated several times .
“ Immediately afterward , we find out it was a drill and I was devastated . I still feel very badly about it , ” he said . “ I felt sick afterward . It was like a body blow . ”
He 's had difficulty eating and sleeping since , he said : “ It 's been hell for me the last couple weeks . ”
WATCH : Lynn Colliar on Hawaii 's ballistic missile scare
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident .
The man 's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job . The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events , and colleagues were not comfortable working with him , the state said .
READ MORE : Japan broadcaster mistakenly issues North Korea missile warning days after Hawaii 's false alarm
His supervisors counselled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year .
The ex-worker disputed that , saying he was n't aware of any performance problems .
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations centre in a former bunker in Honolulu 's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13 , the man said , a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning , he said .
“ When the phone call came in , someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message , ” he said .
The man said he did n't hear the beginning of the message that said , “ exercise , exercise , exercise . ”
READ MORE : Kingston man visiting Hawaii shares his experience of missile threat
“ I heard the part , ‘ this is not a drill , ” ‘ he said . “ I did n't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers . ”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts , allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently . Managers did n't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent , and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning .
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning .
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to .
“ The protocols were not in place . It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible . But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have , ” retired Brig . Gen. Bruce Oliveira , who wrote the report on Hawaii 's internal investigation , said at a news conference .
WATCH : ‘ Love you all , but I 'm playing golf , the last thing I 'm going to do ' . Man records message after getting erroneous Hawaii missile alert
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released . Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26 . The state did not name him .
READ MORE : Hawaii lacked safeguards to prevent false alarm about missile attack
The agency 's executive officer , Toby Clairmont , said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert .
Another employee was being suspended without pay , officials said .
The incident “ shines a light ” on the state 's system failures , the man who sent the alert said , adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts .
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing , he said . “ As far as our level of training was concerned , I think it was inadequate , ” he said .
Hawaii state Department of Defence spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said .
Officials said the man refused to co-operate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement . He was n't trying to impede any investigations , he said : “ There really was n't anything else to say . ”
The time you invest in preparation for the interview processes used by organizations is fundamental to your success in being selected for a role . View the experience as an opportunity to gather information about the position and assess the company and its people in a manner similar to how you are being evaluated . Prepare for it , clearly articulate your answers to interview questions and engage your active listening skills . Who your interviewers are within the organization combined with what they are asking you often will provide a window into the company 's culture and how the role you are interviewing for will be viewed .
People have lots of different interview styles . Think about how you will respond in different circumstances and reflect on answers to possible questions . Be prepared to discuss topics that are likely to be on an interviewer 's mind such as your : compatibility with the role ; relevant skills and experience ; management style and interpersonal skills ; motivation , interest in the position and career aspirations ; passion and understanding of the organization and their industry ; personality and cultural fit ; accomplishments and problem-solving abilities ; professionalism , diligence , leadership and creativity ; team selection and development ; and personal interests and hobbies .
You should also be prepared to ask questions that will convey your understanding of the organization and how the role can deliver value to their strategic objectives . These should be about meaningful issues , ones that the answers to are substantively valuable to the process for both yourself and the interviewer .
During the search process you can generally expect four categories of interviews :
Preliminary Screening : Often done by telephone to determine if your background and experience is a match for their vision of the role . This is a first impression of cultural personality fit , compensation level challenges and any geographic restrictions . The department and level of company representative who may conduct this initial interview varies widely . Plan to ask about next steps , timing and the overall process used by the organization . In-Depth Evaluation : Assesses your suitability for the role and offers the company a second view of your fit for their organization . This may be done by telephone , Skype or in-person depending on timing , geography , scheduling and/or recruitment budget . Deep Dive : Generally on site with the hiring manager and any other stakeholders . It may be panel style , more than one interviewer and/or five to six individual meetings one-on-one . This offers the company a collective view of whether or not you will be successful within their organization . Final Phase : Meetings with an expanded group of stakeholders and/or senior executive meetings are frequently incorporated prior to selection of a final candidate . These sessions vary from a seemingly informal chat with the CEO to substantive strategic alignment discussions and personality connections with several members of the leadership team . It is possible that the employer will combine all or part of these meetings on the same day with the third phase of deep dive meetings .
Senior security risk roles are increasingly very critical hires for organization , and the market is extremely competitive . From the hiring company 's perspective , each part of the interview process is designed to examine you as a candidate and ascertain if the organization will benefit from hiring you , delivering them a return on their investment . It is equally important for you to assess your fit for the company and the role . The various levels of the interview process offer both parties opportunities to achieve their respective goals .
Lake Salda in the Yeşilova district of Burdur province , which resembles the Maldives with its white beach and clear water , is ready for visitors this summer .
Mesmerizing with its gorgeous beauty , the lake is 1.84 meters deep , 6.8 kilometers wide and 9.18 kilometers long . It is 56 kilometers from the city center . Located on a tectonic pit and closed basin , it houses 110 bird species , four fishes species and 301 aquatic and terrestrial plants .
Due to new arrangements , Lake Salda has summer campsites better able to host visitors . A natural park is located on the lakeside .
The 6th Regional Director of the Ministry of Forestry and Water Affairs Nature Conservation and National Parks Department , Rıza Kamil , told Anadolu Agency ( AA ) that Lake Salda and its environment have been a natural protected area since 1989 .
Since Lake Salda has magnesium-bearing white rocks that have some features similar to the surface of Mars , Kamil said , `` Only the Maldives and Turkey 's Lake Salda have these features in the world . ''
Discussing the work for the lake by the Ministry of Forestry and Water Affairs , Kamil said : `` There are many visitors even if it is the beginning of the summer . This is why we built a restaurant . We installed social facility equipment , picnic units and tables . We built a wooden playground for children . This work has been done to better serve visitors without spoiling the area . Lake Salda attracts both Turkish and foreign tourists . Their number is increasing day by day . It is Ramadan now . After this month , schools will have the summer break . We think the number will increase more after that . ''
Inviting visitors to the lake , Kamil said they expect visitors to protect the area like their houses .
Fatma Işık , who came from Denizli province , stressed that Lake Salda is really close to where they live . `` The water of the lake is really clear , and the beach is white . It is known as the Maldives of Turkey . I highly recommend everyone to see this place , '' she added .
Gülten Akkaya from Afyon province came to the lake at the recommendation of a friend . She said : `` The water is so beautiful . It is a place in touch with nature . There are areas for picnics . You can spend time in nature . ''
Mustafa Mert Karademir came from Balıkesir province to see this unique place . He said : `` White beaches , green areas , the blue of the water and the sound of the sea waves make people relaxed . People can be discharged , visiting it on weekends . ''
Another visitor , Doğan Çelebi , reported that his friends came from Bitlis province to see the lake .
Aug 13 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Justin Thomas reacts after making his putt on the 18th hole to win PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Justin Thomas was seven-years-old when he attended the 2000 PGA Championship in his hometown of Louisville , Kentucky .
Watching Tiger Woods win , Thomas was hooked .
“ That 's the first memory of me in terms of being live and being at a golf tournament , ” he said after being crowned winner of the same championship 17 years later on Sunday .
“ I wanted to play professional golf . Any kid , no matter whatever they are doing , they think they are going to be the best at it and they want to be the best .
“ Being at the PGA that week , and hearing the roars and what Tiger was producing out there , I mean that week was the reason that I ( decided ) this is really what I want to do . ”
Thomas was in the clubhouse when Woods made a crucial putt at the 72nd hole to force a playoff .
“ ( Woods ) hit the putt on camera and before it can fall in on TV I can just hear the roar outside . I 'll never forget that .
“ It 's crazy to be sitting up here now after watching him do his champion 's toast and hoping that I 'm there one day – and I am . ”
Thomas said his parents did not push him to play golf , but he always loved it and never seriously considered pursuing another sport .
“ I was lucky to have supportive parents , ” he said . “ It was set up for golf to be in my bones . They are the reason I 'm sitting up here right now . ”
Thomas , one of the longest hitters on tour , has a powerful swing and a deft short-game touch .
He started this season with a bang , winning three times early and looked set to make a challenge in the majors .
After finished tied for 22nd at the Masters , fading in the final round at the U.S. Open to tie for ninth and missing the cut at the British Open , Thomas finally made the major breakthrough on Sunday .
It does not seem so long ago that he was playing for a dollar against his father .
“ I was at a young age but I wanted to beat him and he wanted to beat me , ” Thomas said .
“ It was pretty heated out there . I 'm a pretty sore loser and did not handle it well when I lost and had to give up a dollar .
“ It probably came from my dad 's pocket anyway . ”
( Editing by Peter Rutherford )
DAYTON — Butler High School senior Jenna Albezreh has been named a recipient of the Dayton Power and Light Company Students of Integrity award . The award is presented by the Better Business Bureau 's Center for Business and Consumer Ethics .
The award , in its 16th year , recognizes high school seniors in the Miami Valley who exemplify strong ethics and integrity . The awards will be presented on Tuesday , May 8 at the David H. Ponitz Sinclair Center .
“ Described as an ‘ amazing young person in all ways , ' Jenna Albezreh is a young woman with far-reaching ideas . Jenna is active in the Chess Club , National Honor Society ( NHS ) , Debate Team , Drama Club and is Student Body President for her senior year , ” said the BBB . “ She was the volunteer coordinator for the TEDx Dayton Youth event and has been an invited speaker at the International Network of Museums for Peace Conference in Belfast , Ireland . Jenna is a founding member of Faith In Us , a teen interfaith art initiative . Jenna has been accepted to both Harvard College and University of California , Berkley . ”
The honorees were selected by independent judges who chose from 53 applicants from 35 different high schools .
“ DP & L 's Students of Integrity awards proudly recognize these five Miami Valley students who personify ethics through their leadership , community service and academic perseverance , ” said Craig Jackson president and CEO of DP & L . “ We are impressed by their achievements and hopeful they will continue making a lasting difference in our community . ”
Integrity is vital to Better Business Bureau 's mission of promoting ethics in the marketplace . For that reason , BBB believes in honoring and identifying young people who exhibit strength of character . By bringing young adults to the forefront , BBB is closing the loop on what it takes to be a successful and contributing community leader , whether in business , nonprofit or individual .
“ The Miami Valley has long been the land of innovators , an incubator of ideas born out of a dedication to hard work and ingenuity , ” said BBB 's . The students we are honoring continue the legacy by committing themselves to education , community service and activities of impact that lead to the continual evolution of our region . They exemplify integrity in every aspect of their journey towards success . ”
Butler senior Jenna Albezreh has been named a recipient of the Dayton Power and Light Company Students of Integrity award . http : //www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/04/web1_JennaAlbezreh.jpeg Butler senior Jenna Albezreh has been named a recipient of the Dayton Power and Light Company Students of Integrity award . Contributed photo
By Darrell Wacker dwacker @ aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at ( 937 ) 684-8983 or on Twitter @ VandaliaDrummer .
Reach Darrell Wacker at ( 937 ) 684-8983 or on Twitter @ VandaliaDrummer .
The portable nature of the Nintendo Switch makes it the perfect console to bring to any party or family gathering because it 's so easy to carry around . Of course , if you 're bringing the Switch to a party , you 're going to need some party games because as much as we all love The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild , it does n't exactly liven up a party . Here are my top picks for the best party games on the Nintendo Switch ! Mario Kart 8 Deluxe
Super Bomberman R
Overcooked : Special Edition
Jackbox Party Pack 3
Snipperclips Mario Kart Deluxe
If you go to a party and do n't play a Mario Kart game , did you even party ? The Mario Kart franchise has been making parties and gaming nights a blast since the days of the Super Nintendo and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is no different ! You can play with up to four players with two sets of Joy-Cons and it 's a really easy game to teach because you only really need to learn a couple of buttons ! Whether you 're racing in Grand Prix for a trophy , or you 're fighting each other in battle mode , Mario Kart 8 can offer hours of high-speed fun ! See at Amazon Super Bomberman R
I have had Super Bomberman R since the Nintendo Switch launch day and I have played this game at more parties , family gatherings , and gaming nights than any other game in my collection . The best thing about bringing Super Bomberman R to a party is it can play up to eight players in battle mode ! Plus , it 's perfect to play on a single Joy-Con controller because all you need is the joystick and one button to play . No complicated buttons , combos , or movement to teach new players , it 's about as close to a pickup-and-play a game as you can get . See at Amazon Overcooked : Special Edition
Overcooked : Special Edition is an incredibly cute and fun party game that has you and up to three other people work together to cook food . In order to keep the kitchen running smoothly , you 'll need to communicate with each other and man the proper station . `` Will somebody chop a damn onion ! '' is a common phrase you might hear or ever yell at on of your friends . The kitchens can be a little crazy too , offering annoying obstacles for you and your co-chefs to get around or deal with while you 're running around preparing food . See at Nintendo Jackbox Party Pack 3
Jackbox has been the king of adult-themed party video mini-games for a while and they come out with a new party pack every year or so . I have played all the games in the Jackbox Party Packs 1,2,3 , and 4 and personal number threes is my favorite . If you 've never tried a Jackbox Party Pack before , each one consists of a handful of small games that you play on your phone with the help of your Switch . They have done so many games that it is hard to keep track , but Quiplash and Fibbage tend to be the two most popular . I personally love the Jackbox Party Pack 3 the most , it 's a variety of games is the best in my opinion , but Part Pack 2 is also worth a look ! See at Nintendo Snipperclips
UNITED NATIONS , Oct 6 ( APP ) : A new United Nations report says more
than 8,000 children were killed or injured in armed conflicts throughout
the world last year , a number that UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called “ unacceptable . ”
The UN said in a statement that its annual Children and Armed Conflict
report , presented to the UN Security Council on October 5 , found that Afghanistan had the highest number of verified child casualties since
the 192-nation body began documenting civilian casualties in 2009 .
The report said that 3,512 children in Afghanistan were killed or
maimed in 2016 , up 24 percent from the previous year . In Syria the figure was 1,299 , and in Yemen it was 1,340 .
The report also found that hundreds of children were victims of sexual
violence , targeted in attacks on schools , or recruited as soldiers .
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more
than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015 . And the U.N .
verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan , more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces , he said .
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children
committed by extremist groups – al-Shabab , Boko Haram , the Islamic State
and the Taliban – totaled more than 6,800 .
Releasing the report , the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict , Virginia Gamba , said , “ The tragic fate of child victims of conflict can not and must not leave
us unmoved ; a child killed , recruited as a soldier , injured in an attack
or prevented from going school due to a conflict is already one too
many . ”
Expressing shock over the scale of violations documented in the
report , Guterres , the UN chief , reiterated his call on parties to
conflict to abide by their responsibility to protect children , in
accordance with their obligation under international humanitarian and
human rights law .
“ The goal of the report is not only to raise awareness of the
violations of the rights of children but also to promote measures that
can diminish the tragic plight of children in conflict , read a statement attributable to the spokesperson for the Secretary-General .
“ The Secretary-General is encouraged that several governments and
non-state actors are now working with the United Nations towards that objective . He hopes that more will follow , ” it added .
The statement further noted that the new Developments and Concerns
section included in the report reflects this enhanced UN engagement ,
which should lead to reducing the suffering of children victims of armed conflict and increase their protection .
The violations covered in the report include recruitment or use of
children ; killing or maiming children ; committing rape and other forms of sexual violence against children ; engaging in attacks on schools and/or hospitals ; and abducting children in situations of armed conflict .
The parties which committed these violations are listed in annexes to
the report . The annexes also include parties that have put in place
measures to improve protection of children during the reporting period
and those who have not implemented adequate measures .
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating his recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see him for FREE .
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see his A fing Tour which is back on Saturday , June 24 .
It is hot on the heels of his two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue 's capacity record for a comedy show , now standing at 12,231 .
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away .
This tour follows his record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20 , including booking fee . Buy in person from the box office , call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk .
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 , enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter .
Email your name and details to graham.walker @ jpress.co.uk with # JPcompMF in the subject field .
Or follow @ GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of his # JPcompMF tweets .
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday , June 20 , 2017 , 5pm . Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The average Brit is said to have sex a grand total of 5,778 times before they die .
Whether that seems a little or a lot is totally your business , but one thing is for sure - `` dry spells '' happen to even the most libidinous of people .
Maybe it 's self-imposed . Maybe it 's just the way the rotten cookie of life sometime crumbles .
Whatever the story behind your fallow bedroom times , a lack of sex will ( unsurprisingly ) have a knock-on effect on your body and general psyche .
Here 's what you can expect to happen when you 're not having regular sex .
1 . You lose your libido .
Yes , when it comes to your sex drive it seems it 's a case of `` use it or lose it . ''
( Image : Getty )
`` For some people who refrain from sex , they begin to feel more sluggish , with less vitality and hunger for sex , '' Sari Cooper , LCSW , certified sex therapist told Reader 's Digest .
`` Out of sight out of mind is how some of my clients describe the scenario . ''
This is not the case for everyone , however . Some people find the idea of sex even more desirable when having a dry spell .
2 . Your vaginal walls may weaken .
This mainly applies to women entering the menopause .
( Image : Getty )
Sari explains , `` Without regular frequency of intercourse as you get older the walls of your vagina thin out and can lead to painful sex when you finally get back into the sack . ''
To this end , the North American Menopause Society even recommend having regular penetrative sex to help vaginal health during menopause .
3 . You may experience a loss of lubrication .
Another side-effect which applies principally to older women , apparently the vagina struggles to get lubricated when you start having intercourse after a hiatus .
( Image : Getty Images )
What cause this - as well as thinning vaginal walls - is a lack of the hormone , oestrogen .
`` If you take a young woman who 's 20 or 30 years old she 's going to have plenty of oestrogens around to make sure those tissues stay healthy , elastic , and lubricated when she 's not having sex , '' explains Dr.Lauren Streicher .
`` If you take someone who 's 60 and has no estrogen , she has lost that piece of it . ''
( Image : Getty )
To mitigate the combined effects of a lack of sex and ageing , Sari advises the following .
`` The vaginal lubrication lessens with age , and if you 're not being turned on through self-pleasure , erotic books , videos , or a partner , the juice can begin to lessen more quickly . ''
4 . Your period pain may get worse .
Undeniably , it 's women who are coming worse off .
It may seem counter-intuitive , but having sex during your period can alleviate menstrual cramp .
`` The uterus is a muscle and many women will actually have a uterine contraction when they orgasm , which will cause the blood to expel more quickly , which will in turn decrease menstrual cramps , '' Dr Streicher explains .
`` Also , there may be an increase in endorphins , which also will help with menstrual cramps . ''
5 . HOWEVER - you lessen your risk of catching a UTI .
Finally , that silver lining .
Unsurprisingly , not only do you dramatically decrease your chances of being infected with an STD , but also UTIs too .
( Image : Getty )
Because of the spread of bacteria which can occur `` It 's intercourse that 's responsible for potentially increasing the risk of recurrent bladder infections , '' says Dr Streicher .
Eighty percent of UTIs in premenopausal women occur within 24 hours of having sex , and as the journal American Family Physician stated , `` Frequency of sexual intercourse is the strongest predictor of recurrent urinary tract infections . ''
6 . As for the men they 're more likely to have erectile dysfunction .
Another case of use it or lose it . According to Bustle , a study found abstinence increases the chance of erectile dysfunction in men , though this was found to be more the case in older men .
( Image : Getty )
7 . You may find you 're more stressed
Stressed about not having enough/any sex ?
It could be the lack of sex which is the root of the problem .
Having regular sex is believed to be stress-busting , whereas people in a sex drought have been found to experience higher blood pressure spikes in response to stress .
Charges have been laid in connection with the sudden death of a young child in Burlington .
READ MORE : 3-year-old boy found inside hot vehicle in Burlington died from hyperthermia : police
Police were called to a report of a child found unresponsive inside a vehicle in a parking lot on North Service Road last Wednesday , May 23 .
Despite the efforts of paramedics , the three-year-old boy was pronounced dead at the scene .
An autopsy determined the cause of death was hyperthermia , consistent with the child being left in a vehicle and exposed to high temperatures for an extended period of time .
READ MORE : Child rescued from hot car in Hamilton mountain parking lot
As a result of the investigation , the victim 's father , 37-year-old Shaun Pennell , has been charged with criminal negligence causing death and failing to provide the necessaries of life .
Police say out of respect for the family of the victim during this difficult time , privacy is requested .
Gary Bryan and Lisa Stanley hosted the annual Locks of Love Kick Off Party at Universal CityWalk on Monday , June 12th .
Over 100 people donated their hair for an amazing cause .
CHECK OUT THE PHOTOS HERE !
K-EARTH 101 , Supercuts , and Paul Mitchell have teamed up with the Girl Scouts of Greater Los Angeles and Orange County for its annual LOCKS OF LOVE WEEK , June 12-18 , 2017 ! Get a FREE HAIRCUT at any participating Supercuts location in Southern California with a Locks of Love Donation !
Locks of Love Week continues all week long . Every person who meets the Locks of Love guidelines ( see here ) will receive a FREE haircut from an expert stylist at participating Supercuts locations in Southern California , plus they 'll receive a Paul Mitchell 413 Sculpting Brush ( while supplies last ) .
Girl Scouts that make a hair donation , starting on June 12th you 'll have an opportunity to earn a special edition patch !
Click here to find the Supercuts location nearest you .
Yet Corker was in the Oval Office on Saturday , receiving praise from the president for his help in securing the release of an American imprisoned in Venezuela . The breakthrough happened after Corker held a surprise meeting in Caracas with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro . Corker also greeted Trump at the Nashville airport Tuesday , joined by Blackburn and Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R-Tenn. ) , among other dignitaries .
PINEDALE , Wyo . ( Reuters ) - A judge has ruled that U.S. wildlife managers erred in denying Endangered Species Act protection to bison at Yellowstone National Park and must reconsider extending such safeguards to America 's largest pure-bred herd of wild buffalo .
The decision was welcomed on Thursday by wildlife advocates who petitioned the Obama administration in 2014 to protect bison in and around Yellowstone , where animals wandering outside park boundaries are culled for slaughter by the hundreds each year .
The seasonal culling is supported by ranchers in the region , particularly in Montana , concerned about exposure of livestock to disease , competition for grass and property damage from straying bison .
“ This is a victory for bison , ” Ken Cole , director of the Buffalo Field Campaign , told Reuters by telephone .
Officials for the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service said they were reviewing the ruling , issued on Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper in the District of Columbia .
Yellowstone 's herd of 4,000-plus bison constitutes the largest and one of the last free-roaming , genetically pure groups of an animal that once roamed North America by the millions before being hunted to near extinction in the late 1800s .
FILE PHOTO - A car is stopped by a herd of bison crossing the highway in Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming , U.S. on June 8 , 2013 . REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File Photo
Conservation groups have argued that endangered species status is necessary to ensure the long-term survival of wild bison , also widely known as buffalo , and help restore the creature to more of its historic natural range .
The bison , a shaggy , hump-shouldered animal weighing up to 2,000 pounds ( 990 kg ) and standing 6 feet ( 1.8 meters ) tall at the shoulders , was officially designated the U.S. national mammal in 2016 .
The Fish and Wildlife Service concluded in 2015 that conservation groups had failed to present sufficient evidence that the Yellowstone buffalo band was imperiled .
Cooper ruled that the Interior Department agency had erroneously failed to consider or otherwise ignored evidence indicating Yellowstone bison may be threatened or endangered .
The ruling hinged on a scientific dispute over whether there are two genetically distinct populations of bison at Yellowstone , known respectively as a central herd and a northern herd . Conservationists cited research suggesting the government 's overall target at the park of 3,000 bison was too low to prevent extinction of one or both of them .
Government biologists dismissed that research . But Cooper said the Fish and Wildlife Service was required by law to explain why it found the research irrelevant , and he ordered a new agency review of whether Yellowstone bison merit protections .
The decision has no bearing on the estimated 160,000 head of privately raised bison , most of them in the West and consisting mainly of animals that carry cattle genes and are bred for commercial production .
After a long winter , many Canadians are itching to get outside . But one Calgary family says they 're dreading this summer after a unique alarm was installed in their neighbour 's yard last week .
“ I actually thought it was a bird , a really annoying bird for two days , ” Chaparral resident Chelsey Reid said . “ Then my dad was here barbecuing and he told us , ‘ I 'm pretty sure it 's sound-activated . ' ”
The green alarm is pointed directly at the Reid family 's backyard , just a few metres from where the couple 's two young children play . The alarm lets off a high-pitched signal seemingly at random .
Chelsey posted a video on social media Sunday night , showing her five-year-old son Jax shouting in the backyard , followed immediately by a short burst of sound from the alarm .
“ They would rather listen to that than our children , ” said Cory Reid , Chelsey 's husband .
“ It 's horrible that we have to deal with this every time we go outside . I do n't know what to do . ”
The southeast community of Chaparral is popular with families thanks to a man-made lake located in the centre of the neighbourhood .
“ This community has everything we want . It would be perfect , except for this , ” Cory said .
The couple said there have been ongoing noise issues with their neighbours since they moved in two years ago , but the alarm has spurred them to escalate the situation .
“ We 've reached out to city bylaw and filed a complaint and have gotten in touch with a community mediator , ” Chelsey said .
According to the city 's website : “ Citizens have the right not to be disturbed by noise and have the responsibility to not make noise that disturbs others . ”
If a sound exceeds a certain amount of decibels over a period of time , city bylaw officers could potentially charge the violator with fines ranging between $ 250 and $ 500 .
Global News tried to speak with the neighbour that installed the alarm , but were asked to get off his property after a brief conversation .
The man , who did not identify himself , explained the alarm is to control the barking of his dog–and other neighbourhood dogs–and said that he “ had no problem with anybody . ”
Share :
LOS ANGELES-Justin Bieber wants to grow his hair 'down to toes ' .
The 24-year-old singer has been sporting longer locks in recent months , and has said he 's loving his new 'do , and even wants to keep growing it out for as long as he can .
Taking to his Instagram story , Justin posted several selfies and commented on his looks in white text written on top of the snaps .
He wrote in one : `` Long hair dont care and my stash is gorgeous . '' Whilst another read : `` I 'm going to grow my hair down to my toes . ''
The 'Sorry ' hitmaker has been active on social media lately , having previously used the platform to slam `` glamorous '' celebrities for `` fooling '' their fans into thinking their lives are perfect . He wrote : `` Hey world that glamorous lifestyle you see portrayed by famous people on instagram do n't be fooled thinking their life is better than yours i can promise you it 's not ! ''
Whilst the 'Love Yourself ' hitmaker did n't reveal what prompted him to make the comments , it has been speculated that he was referring to the celebrities who attended the Met Gala - which is an annual fundraising event for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York - earlier this month .
Justin 's comments come as he has been open about his imperfections in the past , having previously had several run-ins with the law before he turned to religion to help him change his life around .
Justin even praised his Josh Mehl , who leads his place of worship in Los Angeles , for helping him turn his life around following a few turbulent years in the public eye .
Alongside a photograph of him and Josh , he wrote on Instagram : `` I have learned so much from you . I 'm a better man because of you . I 'm a better friend because of you .
'' You have been a true example of what Following Jesus looks like and I 'm so grateful I get to walk through this life knowing you ! ''
Bluetooth definitely makes the whole setup a lot easier , but if you do n't need that and want to save a few dollars , you can get the non-Bluetooth version of the Omron Series 10 on sale for $ 50.82 by clicking the 20 % off on-page coupon right now .
The Omron Series 10 wireless Bluetooth blood pressure monitor is down to $ 54.99 when you clip the $ 10 off on-page coupon on the Amazon product page . That brings the price down to the lowest we 've seen since September . The Omron 10 has been selling for $ 65 or higher since that time .
This blood pressure monitor allows two different users to review up to 100 readings and receive those readings by smartphone using the Omron app . The integrated Bluetooth makes the whole process very simple . On the screen it automatically displays the last three readings taken within 10 minutes and compares them to normal blood pressure levels .
It includes four AA batteries , but if you need more you should get an 8-pack of AA rechargeable batteries for $ 14 so you do n't have to worry about replacing them for a while .
See on Amazon
Want one a little more high-tech ? the Omron Evolv — which Modern Dad took a look at last year — is also on sale for $ 69 , down from $ 99 . This one hooks into your phone and works alongside an Android or iOS app .
On their first day back at their practice facility in Playa Vista after nine days in Hawaii for training camp , the Clippers are dealing with a rash of injuries .
The latest injury was starting forward Danilo Gallinari , who suffered a sprained left foot during the second exhibition game Tuesday night against the Toronto Raptors at the Stan Sheriff Center .
Gallinari , who is not expected to practice the next two days , is listed as doubtful for Sunday afternoon 's exhibition game against the Portland Trail Blazers at Staples Center .
“ He did something to his foot , ” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said . “ It 's not serious , but we 're going to act like it 's serious so we 're just going to shut him down for a while . ”
Guard Austin Rivers , who suffered a strained right glute in the first exhibition game last Sunday , will not play against the Trail Blazers .
“ It 's a strange injury , ” Doc said . “ We just have to monitor him and be careful . ”
Reserve forward Sam Dekker suffered a left oblique injury in the second exhibition against the Raptors . Dekker is listed as out for Sunday 's game .
On the positive side , Blake Griffin said Friday that the right big toe he had surgery on in May has not been a concern . He played in both games in Hawaii and has not missed a practice during the preseason .
“ I have n't had any issues , ” Griffin said . “ I have n't had to be held back at all . So , I 'm taking it day by day . ”
Griffin even said he 's in good shape despite not being able work out as soon as he wanted because of the toe injury .
“ My condition has been good , ” Griffin said . “ A point of emphasis for me this summer , even when I was n't able to , like , run , I was doing a lot of upper body conditioning . I was doing stuff in the water , just trying to get creative condition-wise to stay in as good of shape as possible . ”
Building trust
With nine new players on the roster , these days in training camp will be the time for the Clippers to build some trust .
They have learned to trust that Griffin will deliver for them . They have learned to trust that when they get open , Milos Teodosic will get them the ball . They have learned to trust that Patrick Beverley will play non-stop defense . They have learned to trust that DeAndre Jordan will gobble up rebounds . They have learned to trust that Lou Williams will provide scoring punch off the bench .
That all came to pass in two games in Hawaii , during practices there and here in Los Angeles .
“ We have a lot of trust , ” Griffin said . “ Guys really trust the extra pass . Guys trust that the help is going to be there . I think that 's important . When your trust is high to start out with , as you get on the same page and as you learn each other 's tendencies and all those things , I think the trust builds even more . So , that 's what I learned , among other things , but that was the thing that stood out the most and the thing I was the most impressed with . ”
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks . Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks . CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium . Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season . The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium . Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season . CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs . Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs .
broderick.turner @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ BA_Turner
Morden City Council has increased penalties and added a season-long ban to its winter snow removal parking by-law .
Fines have jumped from $ 20 to $ 150 .
Public Works Manager Les Wieler said the by-law is now in effect from October 1st until April 30th .
`` It 's a lot easier for the citizens of the city because you know , within these dates , there is a parking ban in effect , '' said Morden 's By-Law Officer Rick Paracholski .
The parking ban states no person shall park a vehicle on a street at any time between the hours of 12:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m .
However , he explained towing enforcement is weather dependent .
`` If we are n't blowing , we are n't going to be towing cars , '' said Wieler .
Wieler said vehicle owners will be responsible for covering the towing and impound charges .
Regular meeting of the mayor and council was held October 2 , 2017 , 5:00 p.m. at city hall . Mayor Jennifer Brush presided . Council members present : Devin Renken , John Bisnette , Teri Cordill , John Cary , Tonya Kuhn . Others present : Keri Thornton , Stacey Hardy , Marianna Harris , Linda Murphy , Bruce Berkley , Terry Gradig , Vickie Oviatt , Jerry Knouf , Jane VanDonge , Evan Joy , LaRhea Cole , Ron Duran , Allen Otte .
Mayor Brush called the meeting to order and led in the flag salute .
Teri moved , seconded by John B. , to approve the minutes of the September 18 , 2017 meeting . Carried .
Marianna Harris , CEO , Osborne County Memorial Hospital , reviewed the current situation at the hospital which was constructed nearly 60 years ago and does not meet current regulations . The proposed project is to construct a new Critical Access Hospital and adjoining Rural Health Clinic to replace existing facilities . Marianna is meeting with various organizations and conducting community public meetings to share the project details . She is encouraging a “ yes ” vote on November 7th : for the general obligation bonds for the new construction ; and also for changing the existing 1 % sales tax to a permanent 1 % sales tax . The Downs Town Hall meeting will be held at the Memorial Hall , October 11th , 6:00 p.m .
Jerry Knouf , Osborne County Sheriff 's Department , presented the law enforcement report for the month of September , 2017 . Jerry said that the nuisance vehicle investigation is still a work in progress with 24 yet to serve . He will be reviewing the list with Bruce .
Terry Gradig reported on Code Enforcement activity . He had hung a couple door hangers , and checked for occupancy at a house on Delay .
Ron Duran had no written animal control report . He had taken a report of a pit bull . The owner is to have it removed from city limits within 10 days . John B. shared information from a concerned citizen on west Ross Street regarding dogs at large .
Terry Gradig , City Superintendent , reported that KDHE is requesting approval to transfer the GAC building and contents to the city . Following discussion , Tonya moved to accept the transfer of the GAC equipment and real estate from KDHE . Devin seconded the motion . Carried .
Terry reported that a fire hydrant has been replaced at Ross and Third St . The dehumidifiers are working at the medical clinic .
Terry presented an updated report of expenses on the Ballfield Rehabilitation grant . Labor was not included or recorded for this project . Council suggested that , in the future , labor be tracked as well .
Terry prepared a cost estimate for additional sidewalks at road side park with a total of $ 4,907.75 total material cost . Council approved for Mayor Brush to apply for a grant to fund the project .
Seasonal help will be finishing up in the next couple weeks . Keezer Construction will be starting the deck at the pool . Tonya reported that the sorority has voted to pay for the entire amount of the new steps and handrail for the pool .
Terry noted that the hand-held meter reader will be needing an update sometime in the future . It is not on a maintenance program therefore it has not been updated and is not compatible with Cynthia 's new computer . Meter readings are currently being uploaded on the old computer and networked to the new .
Public comment time was held regarding the extension of east Railroad Avenue . Jim Cary questioned why it was needed . He is not in favor because of dust issues . It was noted that an alternate route was offered at the time of the Clark Street closing . Mike Foster also voiced his dissatisfaction with the grain dust that already occurs , and does n't want any additional dust from a dirt road . John C. shared comment from Don Heiland who is also not in favor of the extension due to cost and dust control . Allen Otte arrived at the meeting and spoke in favor of the extension . He said that it would help Co-op out considerably as a route out of town for fuel , with spraying , and with anhydrous tanks . Mayor Brush thanked those for coming to comment .
Jim Cary spoke briefly concerning the patching needed at the intersection of Delay and First St .
Mike Foster asked if the council would look into the dust problem at Scoular Grain . Council agreed to look into the matter .
City Clerk reported that two thank-you notes were received . One from Mandy Burda for the Community Cleanup projects and one from Solomon Valley Transportation for the contribution .
Tonya moved , seconded by Devin , to waive the memorial hall fees for the Downs Chamber of Commerce Moonlight Halloween Costume Parade , on Monday , October 30th . Carried .
Devin moved , seconded by Teri , to approve builder 's license # 17-48 . Carried .
John B. moved , seconded by Teri , to approve building permits # 17-18 and # 17-19 . Carried .
Mayor asked if council wished to contribute to the construction of a new sidewalk at the Hair Shop which was damaged during the city 's community cleanup project . Following discussion , John B. moved to reimburse Mandy Burda for 25 % of the sidewalk repair . Devin seconded . Carried . Bruce noted that the brick sidewalk was damaged also at the Penny 's Pub building . Terry will check on that sidewalk . Bruce is checking on sidewalk policies in other towns .
Bruce reported on unsafe structures . A letter has been sent to Evans on Hadley Street .
Teri reported that the Fink Thomas Committee has reviewed an application from Downs Park & Recreation requesting $ 6,000.00 for red shale at the ballfield . The committee is in favor and recommends council approval . Teri moved , seconded by John C. , to approve the Park & Rec application for funds of $ 6,000.00 from the Fink-Thomas fund . Carried .
Mayor Brush noted that in past years council had approved a holiday for city employees the day after Thanksgiving . Tonya moved , seconded by Devin , to allow the city employees to have the Friday after Thanksgiving as an additional holiday for 2017 . Carried .
Vouchers and payrolls were reviewed and signed . Devin moved , seconded by Teri , to approve the vouchers and payrolls as presented . Carried .
At 7:06 p.m. , John B. moved to adjourn the meeting . Teri seconded . Carried . Meeting adjourned .
When individuals recently diagnosed with HIV were coached to practice skills to help them experience positive emotions , the result was less HIV in their blood and lower antidepressant use , reports a new Northwestern Medicine study .
“ Even in the midst of this stressful experience of testing positive for HIV , coaching people to feel happy , calm and satisfied — what we call positive affect — appears to influence important health outcomes , ” said lead author Judith Moskowitz , professor of medical social sciences and director of research at the Osher Center for Integrative Medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine .
This is believed to be the first test of a positive emotion intervention in people newly diagnosed with HIV . Based on the study results , the intervention is promising for people in the initial stages of adjustment to any serious chronic illness .
The paper was published recently in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology .
The HIV study is part of a larger body of positive affect research being conducted by Moskowitz . She also is studying the health effects of teaching the skills to individuals with type 2 diabetes , women with metastatic breast cancer and caregivers of dementia patients .
For the HIV study , which was based in San Francisco , 80 participants ( primarily men ) were taught a set of eight skills over five weekly sessions to help them experience more positive emotions . Another 79 participants were in the control group .
Moskowitz and colleagues designed the tools based on evidence showing these particular skills increase positive emotions . Some of the skills included :
Recognizing a positive event each day Savoring that positive event and logging it in a journal or telling someone about it Starting a daily gratitude journal Listing a personal strength each day and noting how you used this strength recently Setting an attainable goal each day and noting your progress Reporting a relatively minor stressor each day , then listing ways in which the event can be positively reappraised . This can lead to increased positive affect in the face of stress Understanding small acts of kindness can have a big impact on positive emotion and practicing a small act of kindness each day Practicing mindfulness with a daily 10-minute breathing exercise , concentrating on the breath
Fifteen months after the interventions , 91 percent of the intervention group had a suppressed viral load compared to 76 percent of the control group . In addition to the potential benefit of a lower viral load on the infected person , there may be public health benefits .
“ From a public health perspective , that is potentially huge for prevention of HIV , ” Moskowitz said . “ HIV is less likely to be transmitted with a low viral load . To have a difference like that is amazing . ”
The reduced viral load could be because of a stronger immune system , Moskowitz said . Observational studies in people living with HIV have shown positive emotion is related to a higher CD4 count ( an indicator of less HIV-related damage to the immune system ) . Or , the reduced viral load may be the result of participants ' better adherence to their antiretroviral drug therapy , which generally leads to a suppressed or undetectable viral load , Moskowitz said .
The positive emotion intervention also improved mental health . At baseline , about 17 percent of the control group and intervention group reported being on antidepressants . Fifteen months later , the intervention group was still at 17 percent but the control group 's antidepressant use rose to 35 percent .
“ The group that learned coping skills did not increase antidepressant use , whereas overall the control group increased its antidepressant use , ” Moskowitz said . In addition , the intervention group was significantly less likely to have repeating , intrusive thoughts about HIV .
Other Northwestern authors include Elaine O. Cheung , Lizet Martinez and Eisuke Segawa .
The research was supported by grants R01 MH084723 and K24 MH093225 from the National Institute of Mental Health and grant P30 AI117943 from the Third Coast Center for AIDS Research , all of the National Institutes of Health .
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘ Dreamer ' protected by Obama 's DACA order Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:46 Video captures men robbing taxi driver at gunpoint
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess
2:04 Protesters , supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP did n't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
Iran Focus
London , 8 Dec - The Iranian Regime is the common link between so many of the recent crises in the Middle East and everyone- including Iran- is focused on Iran 's growing power and influence and many people are being driven crazy by it .
The US wants to withdraw from the Middle East but without leaving the region as a puppet for the Regime , while Saudi Arabia wants to focus on domestic issues without leaving Iran to take over its neighbouring states .
The Iranian Regime wants to spread its power from the Persian Gulf to the Mediterranean through proxy groups and violent takeovers in Lebanon , Yemen , Syria and Iraq .
This is worrying to the countries of the Middle East and Israel but one foreign affairs expert at the New York Times branded the Regime 's takeover as “ rather pathetic ” .
Thomas L. Friedman explained that the Regime could have created a governance model that others wished to emulate or relied on the talents of their people to influence the world 's population , but instead they chose domestic suppression and international violence .
Saudi Arabia tackles Iran
He advises that Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman focus on reversing fundamentalist religious values in his own country to improve the rights of women , the quality of education , and the relationship between Muslims and people of other faiths . This will be a beacon to the Arab world .
He also recommends that Saudi Arabia focuses on its economy as making it a hotspot for trade will diminish international companies who want to do business with Iran .
Friedman wrote : “ If he can turn Jeddah into another Dubai , he will do more to increase his influence in the region and diminish Iran 's than anything else he could do . ”
However , he also cautions that Saudi Arabia does not have the money or the military needed to tackle Iran on their own , as “ the Iranians have spent 40 years developing their influence through underground networks and Shi'ite proxies ” .
This means that they will need help from the US and other allies who recognise the threat of the Iranian Regime in order to confront them militarily .
However , the biggest and most effective way to tackle the Iranian Regime is not through military force , but by support the organised , democratic Iranian Resistance and their legitimate right to rule .
The mullahs know that they are on shaky ground and will soon come to the end of their reign ; that 's why domestic opposition makes them so uneasy . International support of the Iranian Resistance , led by Maryam Rajavi , will put an end to the Regime 's rule sooner rather than later .
It 's a break-up Rachel Wilson was n't expecting . The Victoria woman was told by her family doctor last week that she was no longer a patient because she had visited a walk-in clinic .
“ My mom was saying , ‘ That 's hilarious , you got dumped by your doctor , ' ” Wilson said . “ Dating is hard enough , right ? ”
“ I 've been his patient for five years , I do n't know why all of a sudden we would n't be getting along . I have n't seen him in ages because I ca n't get in for an appointment . ”
READ MORE : Doctor shortage puts pressure on Okanagan walk-in clinics
Wilson is in the midst of preparing an official complaint to the College of Physician and Surgeons of British Columbia against Dr. Kevin Wylie .
Wylie 's office turned down multiple requests for an interview .
Wilson said the issue started after she returned from a trip to New Zealand . She tried to book an appointment with Wylie and was told there would be a lengthy wait . She then went to a walk-in clinic .
WATCH : Pressure growing on walk-in clinics amid growing doctor shortage
After that visit , Wilson called Wylie 's office again to make an appointment and was told by the receptionist over the phone that her chart had been deactivated .
“ She said , ‘ Oh , it looks like you 've been going to walk-in clinics , ' and I said , ‘ Yeah , when there 's a month-long waiting list , of course I have to go to a walk-in clinic . Is that not allowed ? ' ”
The College of Physician and Surgeons of British Columbia declined multiple requests for an interview about the case , saying “ without knowing all of the details of the incident , and absent due process , it would not be appropriate for the college to comment . ”
In an email , the college detailed multiple possible reasons for why a doctor could dump a patient .
READ MORE : B.C . doctor shortage about to get worse than more physicians reach retirement age
Those reasons include a patient exhibiting threatening or abusive behaviour towards the physician or his/her medical office assistants ; a patient poses a risk of harm to the physician or his/her medical office assistants or a physician chooses to reduce the number of patients in his/her practice due to personal health or similar reasons .
None of those reasons seem to be the case in this situation .
“ Appropriately , I think in this case , the person has gone to the College of Physicians and Surgeons , ” Health Minister Adrian Dix said . “ They 'll look at the details of the case and review both sides , because there always are two sides . ”
READ MORE : No end in sight to B.C . 's doctor shortage as major online resource disappears
The college 's policy also requires that a doctor notify a patient , preferably in person , that they will no longer serve as their physician . The doctor is also required to send a letter to be documented on the patient 's medical record and help the patient for a month to find another doctor .
Wilson said none of those things happened .
WATCH : B.C . walk-in clinics calling for more doctors
“ It 's very frustrating . It 's now a six-year waiting list for a doctor in Victoria , ” Wilson said .
“ What do I do now , continue to go to walk-in clinics and not have someone help me with anything ? It 's really frustrating . ”
The B.C . government is currently working to address the shortage of family doctors in the province .
Dix said 15 per cent of people in the Victoria area do not have a family doctor . The province is working to reduce that wait and provide more primary care options for people .
“ We will have doctors be more supported in the communities , family doctors to work more closely with nurses and nurse practitioners and other health practitioners to provide team-based care in parts of the province and you will see that response to deal with what we inherited , ” Dix said .
Joe Girardi is n't concerned about the health of his bullpen and has full faith in CC Sabathia saying , `` There is no situation that is too big for CC . '' ( 0:38 )
CLEVELAND – For CC Sabathia , there is no higher compliment than to be compared to Andy Pettitte . One of the secondary reasons Sabathia gives for signing with the New York Yankees in the winter of 2008 was a chance to be Pettitte 's teammate . The two became the best of friends as Pettitte put the finishing touches on a Yankee career that ended with a plaque in Monument Park .
Pettitte earned that hallowed Yankee honor largely because of all his clutch playoff performances -- especially in Game 2s , when Joe Torre called his number so many times . Pettitte relied on his famed cutter , and a large part of Sabathia 's career resurgence has been due to Pettitte sharing the secret sauce for that pitch .
On Friday in Game 2 of the American League Division Series with his team down a game , the Yankees will need Sabathia to pull a Pettitte . And they will need him to do it against Corey Kluber , the Cleveland Indians ' ace and perhaps the best pitcher in baseball .
Although Sabathia will not , strictly speaking , be pitching for the Yankees ' season , it will be close to it , considering the Indians have lost only four times in their past 38 games . It is a little hard to imagine that they would lose three straight if they go up by two games .
While Sabathia may not end up in Monument Park , he already has earned a lifetime of standing ovations at Old-Timers ' Days because he , along with Alex Rodriguez , basically delivered the Core Four their fifth title in 2009 .
The 37-year-old CC Sabathia has been like an older brother to many of the Baby Bombers this season . Elsa/Getty Images
That was the beginning of Sabathia 's Yankee career , while this could be the end of it .
He wants to keep playing , and after he went 14-5 with a 3.69 ERA this year the Yankees may re-sign him for 2018 . But on Friday , the Yankees desperately need Sabathia to do what he has done all season -- one in which he went 9-0 with a 1.71 ERA after Yankee losses .
So far in the playoffs , the bar for Yankees ' starters has been set lower than Eddie Gaedel . In two games , Luis Severino and Sonny Gray have recorded only 11 outs . You might be able to overcome that type of starting pitching against the Twins , but against the Indians ? Forget about it . So manager Joe Girardi will hand the ball to Sabathia with confidence .
“ This has been a guy we 've relied on heavily after losses this year , ” Girardi said . “ He 's pitched some of the biggest wins for us during the course of the year . He 's been in a ton of these games , and you know that there 's no situation that is too big for CC . ''
Like Pettitte at the end , the 37-year-old Sabathia is not the same guy he once was . The brain and the heart are even more important than the once-golden left arm .
It is that heart , in Girardi 's estimation , that helped Sabathia come back from an August knee injury that initially was thought could be career-ending , and now to get the ball Friday ahead of the $ 175 million man , Masahiro Tanaka .
“ He 's a big-game pitcher and he has pitched in a lot of big games in his career . Competing against Kluber will be fun to watch , ” said left fielder Brett Gardner , who , along with Sabathia on the current roster , has been in pinstripes the longest .
Sabathia is a leader of this Yankee team , like an older brother to the Baby Bombers . Many times a starter is not someone a baseball clubhouse looks to for leadership , because they do n't play every day . Sabathia has the personality and respect of his teammates . He is one of the guys out in front , even when he does n't have the ball .
On Friday , a little after 5 p.m . ET , Sabathia will be on the mound with the Yankees ' season in his left hand . It will be a fitting spot for him .
It was all the way back in 2001 that he was the precious wunderkind for the Indians . As a 21-year-old rookie , he won his first playoff start at what was then Jacobs Field . The Indians made it easy for him , roughing up Aaron Sele and the Mariners 17-2 .
“ I kind of grew up here , ” Sabathia said . “ To be able to pitch in a playoff game is going to be a lot of fun . ”
If it is really fun -- and Sabathia leads the Yankees to a comeback in this series -- he might be as fondly remembered as his buddy Pettitte . Or , at least , close to him .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Once Western Michigan had finally grabbed the momentum in the fourth quarter of the Goodyear Cotton Bowl Classic , it was a trio of non-senior Badgers who bashed a hole into P.J . Fleck 's boat .
Wisconsin sophomore linebacker T.J. Edwards picked off Broncos quarterback Zach Terrell at the Western Michigan 12-yard line . Three plays later , Wisconsin freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook converted on third down by lofting a pass to junior tight end Troy Fumagalli , who -- despite his 250-pound frame -- gracefully reeled in the throw for what proved to be the game-clinching touchdown .
Wisconsin running back Corey Clement rushed for 71 yards and touchdown in the Badgers ' 24-16 win over Western Michigan in the Goodyear Cotton Bowl Classic . Tom Pennington/Getty Images
Monday afternoon in AT & T Stadium , the Badgers kept the Big Ten 's teetering reputation from spilling into a full-on disaster with a 24-16 win over plucky Western Michigan . At the same time , Wisconsin 's youth movement set the stage for what figures to be a run at the Big Ten title in 2017 .
The Big Ten 's best victory of the bowl season -- pending the result of Monday 's tilt between Penn State and Southern California in the Rose Bowl Game Presented by Northwestern Mutual -- did n't come easy against the previously unbeaten MAC champion Broncos , who featured the dynamic duo of Terrell and consensus All-American wide receiver Corey Davis .
Western Michigan 's season began with Sylvester Stallone announcing via video message that walk-on linebacker Kasey Carson had earned a scholarship . And like Rocky Balboa , the Broncos -- whose motto `` Row the Boat '' became a rallying cry for the team this season -- kept getting up off the mat , despite giving up almost 45 pounds per man to Wisconsin 's massive offensive line .
Even after Fumagalli 's touchdown grab off the Edwards interception , Western Michigan came right back with a grinding 16-play touchdown drive , which ended with Davis hauling in Terrell 's fourth-down desperation heave in the back of the end zone .
Western Michigan , however , missed the extra point , then could n't recover an onside kick try . And on third-and-8 on Wisconsin 's ensuing possession , Fumagalli snagged a 26-yard first-down catch down the middle of the field to salt away the win .
Though Ohio State and Michigan both lost in their bowls , the Buckeyes and Wolverines figure to be College Football Playoff contenders again in 2017 . The same goes for Big Ten champion Penn State , which knocked off the Badgers in the title game .
But coming off this Cotton Bowl performance , Wisconsin showed why it has plans to return to the thick of the Big Ten race , as well .
“ My Smart Hands ” brings a better understanding to parents , educators and children the value of visual communication early in life . Susan Hay has more .
CHICAGO ( AP )  Prosecutors want the maximum 15-year prison term for a young Chicago-area man who sought to join an al-Qaida-linked group fighting Bashar Assad 's regime in Syria .
They requested the sentence in a court filing Thursday for Abdella Ahmad Tounisi 's ( too-NEE'-see ) , who was 18 when arrested in an FBI internet sting in 2013 . He has pleaded guilty to attempting to offer material support to foreign terrorists .
Tounisi 's lawyers want a seven-year term . They say their client felt isolated as a Muslim in the U.S. and that his decision to travel to Syria reflected his immaturity . They insist he 's tried to change since then .
Prosecutors say Tounisi persisted even after a friend was arrested on terrorism charges in 2012 , and after relatives expressed concern about his interest in Syria .
Advertisement
Sentencing is Oct. 19 .
In this day and age , under our current political conditions , you 'd be forgiven for mistaking lightness for triteness , escape for escapism . There 's a sense that our fictions should be of Earth-shattering import in the obvious ways , and this perhaps desensitizes us to other examples of subversion and narrative . It may also make us miss out on some great fiction about odd bread , an imaginary country and the processes behind making robot arms .
All of which is to say that Robin Sloan 's delightful new novel , “ Sourdough , ” the follow-up to his runaway success “ Mr . Penumbra 's 24-Hour Bookstore , ” displays both lightness and a yearning for escape , but only in the best sense . It is that rare thing : a satire that has a love of what it satirizes while also functioning as a modern fairy tale about , of all things , the magic of certain carbohydrates .
For this to be a chemical rather than physical reaction , Sloan must display a sure and natural knowledge of high-tech culture and of bread culture ( in both senses ) . His keen insight into both automatons and organic foods stems from his immersion in the San Francisco tech culture and collaboration with his partner Kathryn Tomajan on products like Fat Gold olive oil .
It is that rare thing : a satire that has a love of what it satirizes while also functioning as a modern fairy tale .
Did I say the novel also includes a Lois Club for women named Clara ? That 's a joke — a much worse joke than any of the many fine jokes you 'll find in “ Sourdough. ” Of course , the Lois Club is a club for women named Lois , including the narrator , who works for General Dexterity , a tech company that develops robotic arms . There is a profusion of Loises in “ Sourdough ” because of the club — including Boring Lois , Lois Whose Stomach Hurt , Professor Lois and Woodland Court Lois . Just as there are a profusion of robotic arms at Real Lois ' day job at a start-up , and just as there are countless moments during which Sloan , not only with sympathy but also with sharpness , sends up the rituals of modern work-life . At times , the send-up is stripped down to avoid making the novel too capitalism-friendly , as when Lois receives the nonironic message from management that “ We are on a mission to remake the conditions of human labor , so push harder , all of you . ”
Despite the proliferation of many interesting Loises in Sloan 's story , though , there is really only one Lois for me : the narrator , Computer Lois , who tells a sure-footed and lovely tale of being gifted with a strange sourdough starter after becoming addicted to the delivery service of a couple of brothers , Beoreg and Chaiman , who turn out to be operating an illicit restaurant out of their apartment .
There is really only one Lois for me : the narrator , Computer Lois , who tells a sure-footed and lovely tale of being gifted with a strange sourdough starter .
Why is Lois ordering so much delivery ? She 's become sick of the “ nutritive gel ” called Slurry favored by her start-up — a gel , I might add , that is satire in three dimensions . Its presence in the story pokes fun at not only team-building exercises among the Silicon Valley set but also group-think and current fad diets . Slurry is n't delicious , but it creates several hilariously delicious moments in the story .
Similarly , you could say that Lois , although surrounded by ( at least some ) talented , driven people , has gotten a little tired of robot arms , even a little tired of the idea of automation and automatons itself . Getting to know the affable brothers responsible for the menu at the Clement Street Soup and Sourdough “ restaurant ” helps , along with the Lois Club , to airlift her out of the hermetically sealed world created by General Dexterity . Or , perhaps the one she 's created for herself : “ Here 's a thing I believe about people my age : we are the children of Hogwarts , and more than anything , we just want to be sorted . ”
Sorting is one thing — staying in your lane is another , and Lois soon enters the world of bread-making when the brothers leave town and hand her the strange sourdough starter , along with explicit instructions that say that not following the instructions will lead to the death of the starter in a couple of days . When Lois really gets going on the bread-making , and people begin to love it , the starter becomes almost like her child ; there is the same sense of responsibility to feed it and take care of it . This attachment is more real than anything General Dexterity has to offer .
Sloan , not only with sympathy but also with sharpness , sends up the rituals of modern work-life .
Lois also develops a bond with Beoreg and Chaiman , who proclaim her their “ number one customer. ” Or perhaps number one addict . Beoreg and Chaiman claim to be hawking “ the food of the Mazg , ” a perhaps imaginary European lineage . Even after they skip town , leaving Lois with the responsibility of the starter , they send her emails and letters from their journeys , and these brief but chatty missives form lovely micro-chapters between those describing Lois ' adventures . In one of the wittier emails , Beoreg confesses that he has sometimes had the thought that “ the two of us were like the bacteria and the fungus in the starter… . ( In that analogy I am the bacteria and Chaiman is the fungus . Never tell him I said that . ) ” This observation leads to a comedic pay-off I will not spoil , except to say that it involves the bacteria , not the fungus .
As for the rest of “ Sourdough , ” once we 're past the setup , Sloan continues the high-wire balancing act of including satire with his fairy tale , all with an astounding conciseness and sure-footedness . We breeze through , in the best way , Lois impressing her fellow employees with her bread and then , after a hilarious encounter with the judges who accept or deny vendors to the fabled Ferry Market , becoming embroiled with the down-market , not nearly as prestigious Marrow Fair , which no one has ever heard of . The market wants not just her bread but also her ties to General Dexterity . In becoming embroiled with the Marrow Fair , Lois trades one weird culture for another , with its own set of issues .
But wait : I have n't even dwelt much on the star of the show : the sourdough starter . Because Beoreg and Chaiman may not have been entirely honest with Lois about its true nature . Because Lois does wonder why her bread comes out of the oven with what seem like human faces displayed across the crust . Because she is perhaps tempted during sessions of the Lois Club to confess to uncanny occurrences during the night that involve unusual behavior by the starter .
That Sloan rises to the occasions ( bread pun intended ) in making all of this work so well is perhaps the real miracle , though . The irony of “ Sourdough ” is that there really are no bad carbs here — just a full , satisfying meal .
VanderMeer is the author , most recently , of the novel “ Borne. ” The film “ Annihilation ” starring Natalie Portman , based on his book , debuts in February .
Farrar , Straus and Giroux `` Sourdough '' by Robin Sloan `` Sourdough '' by Robin Sloan ( Farrar , Straus and Giroux )
“ Sourdough ”
Robin Sloan
MCD/Farrar , Straus and Giroux : 272 pp. , $ 26
PARIS - Neymar wasted no time in making an impact on the field for Paris Saint-Germain , scoring on his debut in a 3-0 win at Guingamp and declaring he felt `` more alive than ever '' . The Brazilian world record signing was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany , two days after international clearance came through for his 222 million-euro ( $ 261 million ) switch from Barcelona . The 25-year-old , at home in PSG 's all yellow change kit , played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half .
He then set up the second goal for Edinson Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defence before completing a comfortable victory with his team 's third goal eight minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season . `` People think that leaving Barça is to die , but no , it 's the opposite , '' Neymar told reporters . `` I 'm more alive than ever . I play , I 'm very happy , and football is the same . Only the country , the city and the team change , but football is the same . '' Guingamp coach Antoine Kombouare , a former PSG player , described Neymar as a `` phenomenon '' . `` It 's been a long time since I have seen such a phenomenon . All his teammates want to play with him and he brings competition , '' said Kombouare .
`` Everyone gets more time because of him , he can accelerate and make a difference . We 're happy that we do n't have to play PSG every weekend . '' Despite the many distractions of the last couple of weeks , including trips to China , Portugal and the French Riviera and glitzy presentations to the media and PSG fans , Neymar lasted the full 90 minutes . He had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week 's 2-0 win over Amiens , completing a 350 million-euro front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria .
Neymar was one of four Brazilians in the PSG line-up , not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta , for the game played before a sell-out crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou .
Guingamp , a sleepy little town 500 kilometres west of Paris with a population of barely 7,000 , may have been a slightly incongruous setting for such an occasion but the match was broadcast live in more than 180 countries according to his new club . That was a sign of the interest generated worldwide by Neymar 's transfer , which Qatar-owned PSG hope will help them conquer Europe after so far coming up short in the Champions League in recent seasons .
Emery 's side are also desperate to regain the French crown after losing out to Monaco last season . `` I 'm very happy . The main thing was to win . The team played well and I played well , '' Neymar , speaking in Spanish , told Canal Plus , after the match . `` It is always very important to score , not just in the first game . This is a very big challenge for me as a person , but we have a great team . ''
Neymar , playing mainly as an inside left , threatened sporadically in the opening stages before his cross in the 35th minute found compatriot Marquinhos , who headed against the woodwork . He then watched as a Cavani free-kick was tipped over by Karl-Johan Johnsson as the first half ended goalless .
But PSG needed just seven minutes of the second half to get the breakthrough with Neymar involved in the build-up as Ikoko tried to play the ball back to Johnsson and succeeded only in passing it into his own net . Neymar then released Cavani with a delightful pass as the Uruguayan slotted home the second goal just after the hour mark .
All that was missing was a goal of his own and that arrived eight minutes from the end as Neymar finished from close range following a Cavani cutback .
Minutes after reports claimed that controversial preacher Zakir Naik is being extradited to India from Malaysia in a major diplomatic win for the BJP-led government at the Centre , he denied the news and termed it `` baseless '' .
`` He is out of the country tonight . He will be taking a flight to India on Wednesday I believe , '' the NDTV claimed citing a Malaysian government source based in Kuala Lumpur . Meanwhile , Malaysian media also reported that Zakir Naik will be returning to India .
The controversial preacher , however , dismissed the report , according to India Today . `` The news of my coming to India is totally baseless and false . I have no plans to come to India till I do n't feel safe from unfair prosecution . Insha Allah when I feel that the government will be just and fair , I will surely return to my homeland , '' the TV news channel quoted him as saying .
His lawyer Shaharudin Ali , also rubbished Naik 's extradition , saying there was no official notice from the ( Malaysian ) government in this regard as yet .
National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) director general YC Modi and spokesperson Alok Mittal , also informed ANI that they had no information and were still verifying reports of Naik 's return to India .
We have no such information as of now . We are verifying it : Alok Mittal NIA Spokesperson on reports of Zakir Naik being brought to India today from Malaysia — ANI ( @ ANI ) July 4 , 2018
Meanwhile , Minister of Home Affairs of Malaysia , Muhyiddin Yassin said on Monday that Naik will have to answer to the authorities if he breaks any of the nation 's laws . “ He must abide by our country 's laws – if not , we will deal with it , ” he said in a press conference when asked about Naik .
In January , the Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) had made a formal request to Malaysia to deport Naik . But sources said that the MEA was yet to receive any official confirmation from the Malaysian authorities regarding Naik 's deportation .
Naik after being accused of inspiring one of the attackers involved in the Dhaka terror attack through his hate speeches had left India in 2016 and has been living in Putrajaya in Malaysia , according to reports .
His Mumbai-based NGO , the Islamic Research Foundation ( IRF ) , was declared illegal in 2016 by the Central government . Besides banning the NGO , the government has also taken his channel , Peace TV off air , for being used to allegedly promote hatred between different religious groups .
With inputs from PTI
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Deutsche Bank on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017 , taking a hit from challenging markets , a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform , after a difficult fourth quarter .
The worse-than-expected results are likely to increase pressure on Chief Executive John Cryan to turn Germany 's biggest bank around .
“ We believe we are firmly on the path to producing growth and higher returns with sustained discipline on costs and risks , ” Chief Executive John Cryan said in a statement . “ We have made progress , but we are not yet satisfied with our results . ”
Investors have called on Cryan to cut costs , but the bank said it anticipated costs in 2018 of 23 billion euros , higher than a previously targeted 22 billion .
Last March Deutsche announced an overhaul that includes the integration of its Postbank retail bank unit with its own in-house Deutsche Bank-branded consumer bank , as well as the partial sale of its asset management unit .
On Friday it said the integration with Postbank was “ on schedule ” and that it would partially float its asset management unit “ in the earliest available window ” .
Still , the bank 's executives have warned that a recovery would be a long , hard slog that would take years , not quarters .
Continued weak performance at the bank has prompted some investors to question whether Cryan should be given more time to turn around the bank , after less than three years as CEO .
It reported a 2017 loss of 497 million euros ( $ 621 million ) , worse than the loss of 290 million forecasts by nine banks and brokerages polled by Reuters .
U.S. tax reforms prompted a non-cash tax charge of 1.4 billion euros , pushing the bank into a full-year loss .
In the fourth quarter , its net loss widened to 2.19 billion euros from 1.89 billion a year earlier and revenue slumped 19 percent to 5.7 billion euros .
Analysts had forecast a loss of 1.95 billion euros on revenue of 6.2 billion .
Its cash-cow bond-trading division saw revenue tumble 29 percent due to lower client activity in less volatile markets . Competitors saw similar declines .
The bank 's shares opened down 4.8 percent on Friday .
During his tenure , Cryan has stabilised the bank , raised capital , designed an overhaul , confronted legal challenges and managed the demands of greater regulation .
But shareholders are now airing their impatience . Hendrik Leber , a fund manager with Acatis , said he liked Cryan personally . “ But I do n't know which direction Deutsche Bank is heading toward , ” he said .
“ With UBS , the direction was clear with its big restructuring , ” Leber said . “ I ‘ m not seeing a clear strategy with Deutsche Bank . ”
Recently , the bank has been the focus of national debate over its intention to resume bonuses despite its full-year loss . Earlier this week , government spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters : “ Company management must of course ask what impression it leaves in public . ”
Compensation at the investment bank rose 45 percent in the fourth quarter to 1.29 billion euros .
Deutsche Bank has become a major player on Wall Street over the past two decades but misguided bets and poor conduct have resulted in a litigation bill of 15 billion euros ( $ 17.6 billion ) since 2009 . Legal battles have ranged from its role in the marketing of U.S. mortgage-backed securities to a so-called “ mirror trading ” scheme that could be used for money laundering .
Last year , a looming $ 14 billion fine from the U.S. Department of Justice had unsettled clients and investors and prompted talk of a government bailout .
On Thursday , the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc , a unit of the bank , for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $ 70 million civil penalty .
SAN FRANCISCO ( KRON ) — If you are tired of juggling all your passwords for your websites and apps , we might have some relief for you .
KRON4 's Tech Reporter Gabe Slate says password managers can create complex unique passwords for all your logins , but you only have to remember one master password to access them all .
He shows us how they work and the convenience and safety they can bring to your digital life .
Watch the above video to see Gabe 's full report .
WEB LINKS :
Dashlane : https : //www.dashlane.com/
Now that it 's been nearly three weeks since former New York Rangers head coach Alain Vigneault was fired and some of this season 's disappointment has faded , it 's a good time to reminisce about what was a successful , albeit Stanley Cup-less run . While Rangers fans have largely turned against the charmer , he was the head man for a team that provided plenty of timeless playoff moments .
Over the course of Vigneault 's five seasons , the Rangers won six playoff series and delivered countless unforgettable moments . The bitterness of not winning a Cup will remain , but Rangers fans can find some solace in these .
5 – Henrik Lundqvist 's Brilliance
The King makes 40 saves to keep the Rangers alive in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final against Los Angeles ( June 11 , 2014 ) .
After losing the first three games of the Stanley Cup Final to Los Angeles , the Rangers were hardly a defeated team . Having never trailed during two overtime losses on the road and more than doubling the Kings ' shot total in the Game 3 loss at home , the odds were long but not impossible for a comeback . New York , even with their shortcomings , still had plenty of hope .
In Game 4 , however , the Blueshirts skaters played , perhaps , their worst game of the series . Outshot 41-19 when all was said and done , it was Henrik Lundqvist 's performance , alone , that kept the series alive .
“ When everything is on the line , you just have to challenge yourself the right way , ” Lundqvist said about the team 's performance .
4 – Carl Hagelin 's Series Clincher
Hagelin 's overtime goal gives New York the Game 6 win against Pittsburgh ( April 24 , 2015 ) .
After winning the President 's Cup as the NHL 's top team in the regular season and looking for a return trip to the Stanley Cup Final , the Rangers drew Sidney Crosby , Evgeni Malkin and the Pittsburgh Penguins in the first round . While that iteration of the Penguins was n't as dangerous as others , including the back-to-back Cup winners of the last two seasons , they were bitter rivals and as capable of a first-round upset as any team .
Carl Hagelin 's emphatic overtime winner in Game 5 brought any hope of an upset to rest . It was “ One of the happiest moments of my life , ” he said after the game .
Judging by Vigneault 's immediate reaction of jumping for joy when the goal was scored , it was one of his as well . And though that season ended in another disappointment , victory over the Pens is always a fond memory .
3 – Derick Brassard 's Hat Trick
“ Big Game Brass ” earns his moniker in Game 6 against Tampa Bay ( May 27 , 2015 ) .
Facing elimination against the Lightning , the Rangers needed a spark if they were to return to the Stanley Cup Final for the second consecutive year . In full “ win or go home ” mode , Derick Brassard , always strong in the playoffs , delivered his Rangers opus with a hat trick in the 7-3 road victory .
“ Every time we 're in that position , this team , we come out and play really well . That 's the way we 've been playing . Since I 've been here with the Rangers , every time we 're in an elimination game , that 's the way we played , ” he said . “ I do n't know if that 's a good thing or a bad thing , but we 're just gon na go out there at home and try to play our best game . ”
With his performance in such a tough spot , Brassard endeared himself to Rangers fans and earned a legacy as a strong playoff performer .
2 – Martin St. Louis ' Mother 's Day Goal
Heavy-hearted St. Louis scores early to give the Rangers the lead ( May 11 , 2014 ) .
Just three days after the passing of his mother , Martin St. Louis scored an emotional goal that transcended hockey . On Mother 's Day , with his father and sister in the crowd , the future Hall-of-Famer gave the Rangers an early lead en route to a Game 6 win against Pittsburgh .
“ It 's probably one of the cooler things I 've been a part of in my professional career , ” said Derek Stepan .
The emotion on that goal is something that I will never forget .
Though meaningful , the goal was hardly the prettiest of St. Louis ' career , as the puck rattled around and bounced in off of his leg .
“ I got a pretty good bounce , ” St. Louis said . “ I know ( my mother ) helped me through this . ”
Through the playoffs , St. Louis proved himself a true leader for a Rangers club rallying around its grieving star . His overtime snipe against Montreal helped New York surge to the finals , but the Mother 's Day goal is an all-time great .
1 – Derek Stepan 's Overtime Winner
Stepan 's Game 7 overtime goal against the Capitals sent the Rangers back to the Conference Final ( May 13 , 2015 ) .
Is there any other choice ? To this day , Stepan 's series winner against the Caps sends chills .
With the goal , the charismatic Stepan , celebrating with awkward leaps reminiscent of Mark Messier 's in 1994 , cemented his legacy as a Blueshirt . Doc Emrick 's call — nearly as iconic as Sam Rosen 's “ this one will last a lifetime ” — and subsequent silence as the Madison Square Garden crowd provided the commentary , was perfect . Without a Stanley Cup , Stepan 's Game 7 goal against the Capitals will stand as the most iconic moment of the Vigneault era and the decade of contention that concluded this year .
EATON — Bullen Ultrasonics held its annual flag raising ceremony on Monday , May 21 , in recognition of Memorial Day and those who have died in service . This year , Tim Beatty , president of Bullen , received the Patriot Award from the Employer Support of Guard and Reserve during the ceremony .
Bullen began holding the flag raising ceremony in 2013 as a way to honor veterans who served in the military and those who died in service for Memorial Day . They initially invited the Preble County Honor Guard , and it has been a tradition for the last five years .
In addition , every other year , local police , fire and EMT personnel attend and use Bullen facilities and employees for training exercises .
This year , Bullen decommissioned the old flag officially with the Honor Guard , who raised the new flag with a 21-gun salute . The Preble County Homeschool Ensemble sang the National Anthem and America the Beautiful . The flag was then lowered to half staff again to honor the victims of the Sante Fe School shooting .
Eddie Reed of Employer Support of The Guard and Reserve ( ESGR ) presented Tim Beatty , president , with a Patriot Award . Sean Jones offered a prayer of remembrance , blessing , and thanksgiving . Lunch was then served .
More than 100 people were in attendance , including the Preble County Honor Guard and their families , the Preble County Homeschool Ensemble , Eddie Reed for ESGR , and many of the 100-plus Bullen employees .
Beatty presented the Preble County Honor Guard with a certificate of thanks and a donation . He also presented the Homeschool Ensemble with a certificate of thanks .
“ We always want to take this time to pause and say thank you to anyone who has served and is serving here , ” Beatty said .
Following , Reed took the microphone to present Beatty with the Patriot Award .
The first in ESGR 's series of awards is the Patriot Award . An employee serving in the National Guard or Reserve , or the spouse of a Guard or Reserve member , may nominate individual supervisors and bosses for support provided directly to the nominating Service member and his or her family . The Patriot Award reflects the efforts made to support citizen warriors through a wide-range of measures including flexible schedules , time off prior to and after deployment , caring for families , and granting leaves of absence if needed .
Reed said , “ We need to build this company up , because from what I hear , there is nothing but great things this company does for its veterans and service members . We need to get them moving up the ladder .
“ This is the patriot award , it is the first level in a series of awards meant to recognize those doing a terrific job taking care of our reserve and guard members . These people have taken up a large responsibility in the defense of this country in the last few years . ”
At press time , Beatty added , “ Bullen recognizes the value of hiring veterans and employs multiple military veterans who utilize their attention to detail , discipline , and organization to support Bullen in this time of growth . ”
Bullen Ultrasonics held its annual flag raising ceremony on Monday , May 21 , in recognition of Memorial Day and those who have died in service . https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag1.jpg Bullen Ultrasonics held its annual flag raising ceremony on Monday , May 21 , in recognition of Memorial Day and those who have died in service . https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag2.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag3.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag4.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag5.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag6.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag7.jpg https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag8.jpg This year , Tim Beatty , president of Bullen , received the Patriot Award from the Employer Support of Guard and Reserve during the ceremony . https : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/05/web1_Flag9.jpg This year , Tim Beatty , president of Bullen , received the Patriot Award from the Employer Support of Guard and Reserve during the ceremony .
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler @ registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @ KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @ KKimbler_RH
Toggle between tabs for live scorecard and ball-by-ball commentary
Day 3 report : Ross Taylor scored his 17th Test century to equal the New Zealand record Monday and to put his team fully in control of the second cricket Test against the Windies .
Taylor made an unbeaten 107 to join current captain Kane Williamson and Martin Crowe on the record before New Zealand declared at 291-8 , setting the Windies an unlikely victory target of 444 with two days remaining .
The Windies , who will have to beat their world record for the highest winning fourth innings score in Test cricket — currently 418 against Australia in 2003 — were 30-2 at stumps . Opener Keiran Powell was out for a duck to complete a pair for the match and Shimron Hetmyer fell for 15 , seven minutes before stumps on day three .
Captain Kraigg Brathwaite was 13 not out and Shai Hope was on 1 , and the Windies still trailed New Zealand by 414 runs .
Taylor kept up his close competition with Williamson to become the first New Zealander to score 18 Test centuries when he reached his hundred Monday from 172 balls . Williamson missed the chance to stretch the record mark when he was out earlier on the third day for 54 .
Taylor had also missed an opportunity to equal the record when he was out for 93 in the first innings of the first Test at Wellington , where New Zealand won by an innings and 67 runs .
With his innings Monday , Taylor set up New Zealand 's declaration late in the day and Williamson achieved his objective by taking two wickets in the short interval of 36 minutes before stumps . Powell was caught at slip by Tim Southee from the bowling of Trent Boult , and Hetmeyer chipped a catch to Neil Wagner at mid-off from Southee 's bowling .
`` When I started my career I never thought I 'd even get to play Test cricket let alone get 17 centuries , '' Taylor said .
The milestone was more poignant for Taylor because he equaled the mark first set by Crowe , who helped guide him in his Test career at times when he struggled to fully realize his potential . Crowe died of cancer last year aged 53 .
`` The team situation was first and foremost in our minds and it was nice to get out there and get a bit of a score , '' Taylor said . `` You never want to think a game is safe but to get a lead over 400 is satisfying . ''
Taylor said the Windies made batting difficult with their best bowling performance of the series on Monday and he had a life when he was dropped in the gully on 35 .
The determination of the West Indies not to surrender meekly was made evident by a fiery spell of fast bowling by Miguel Cummins immediately after lunch on day three . Cummins allowed his team to win back some ground from New Zealand who had dismissed the tourists for 221 Monday in reply to their first innings of 373 , a lead of 152 .
He took 2-22 from the six over-spell , dismissing Williamson with a sizzling yorker and removing Henry Nicholls ( 5 ) with a superb bouncer . He then unsettled Mitchell Santner with a sustained spell of short pitched bowling , striking the New Zealand allrounder on the helmet .
With inputs from AP
Is imitation the sincerest form of flattery when you 're talking about a multi-million dollar home ?
New Delhi : Shops in the city will reopen on Sunday after a two-day shutdown headed by Confederation of All India Traders ( CAIT ) as a protest against the ongoing sealing drive .
While on Friday , the Delhi Development Authority ( DDA ) had approved proposed amendments to the city 's Master Plan , which are aimed to provide relief to traders hit by the sealing drive , the traders continued the shutdown even after the DDA 's decision .
On Saturday , CAIT sent a 12-point traders ' charter to Union Housing and Urban Affairs Minister Hardeep Singh Puri , urging him to take necessary steps to mitigate problems of traders due to the sealing drive .
Meanwhile , the ruling Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) demanded immediate `` de-sealing '' of sealed shops .
AAP chief spokesperson Saurabh Bharadwaj said : `` The Bandh continued in spite of pressure from BJP to call off the strike after the DDA meeting . Traders believe that the DDA meeting had no visible impact on the ongoing sealing drive . Aam Aadmi Party again demands immediate de-sealing of shops in the capital . ''
The sealing drive was being carried out against business establishments using residential areas for commercial purposes without paying conversion charges .
Police arrested a Kelowna bank robbery suspect 13 hours after a brazen noon hour robbery in downtown Kelowna .
The incident happened on Monday around 12:15 p.m. at a Bank of Nova Scotia branch on Kelowna 's Bernard Avenue .
READ MORE : Kelowna Mounties searching for suspect in daylight robbery
RCMP said they were able to identify the suspect thanks to video surveillance footage from the bank .
That night police arrested the suspect when they recognized him while responding to a reported disturbance in the 600 block of Lequime Road just after 1:00 a.m .
The 31-year-old Kelowna man remains in police custody .
Trump Continues To Question Evidence That Russia Meddled In U.S. Election
Donald Trump has said he is not convinced that Russia was behind the hacking . This week , he 'll meet with representatives of the intelligence community to discuss their findings about Russian hacking .
Karachi [ Pakistan ] , Aug 14 ( ANI ) : Pakistan 's out-of favour batsman Shan Masood has insisted that he is currently focussing on performing well in the domestic circuit to grab the national selectors ' attention ahead of the Test series against Sri Lanka in the UAE later this year .
The 27-year-old made his last Test appearance for Pakistan during his side 's 2-1 win over West Indies in the three-match series -- the farewell series for former captain Misbah-ul-Haq and veteran batsman Younis Khan .
When quizzed if he sees himself in the Test squad against Sri Lanka , Shan said that he would hopefully make it to the final squad if he manages to meet all the necessary requirements .
`` I 'm always hopeful . However , the team has its own requirements and the selectors have their own . If I tick all the boxes , God willing I will be in the final squad , '' the Express Tribune quoted Shan as saying .
Shan has appeared in a total of 10 Test matches for Pakistan and toured three different countries namely Sri Lanka , England and West Indies so far .
Keeping the same in mind , Shan believes playing on foreign pitches becomes much easier for a batsman if he applies himself effectively .
`` For a batsman , international conditions are much easier.It is harder to be a batsman in domestic cricket . If you perform in these [ domestic ] conditions , all you have to do is take the pressure of international cricket and apply yourself effectively , '' said Shan .
The left-hander , however , admitted that although his domestic season in ODI cricket went really well , he is in no hurry to represent Pakistan in limited-overs format .
`` My domestic season in ODI cricket went really well . Over the year , I scored about 1,200 runs . Also , I played the last T20 competition . So I have set my focus on performing in the domestic circuit [ in all formats ] . Everything else in the hands of the selectors , but if the opportunity comes knocking on the door , I 'll grab it . However , I am in no hurry , '' he concluded . ( ANI )
0
The crowd at New York Comic-Con should have a good time with the panels for The President Show and Drunk History . If you 're unfamiliar with the Comedy Central series , The President Show stars Anthony Atamanuik as Donald Trump and makes fun of the buffoonish figure while Drunk History has people getting wasted , giving their version of a historical event or figure , and then famous actors reenact what the drunk person is saying .
If you 're not at NYCC but still want to see these panels , fear not ! You can check them out in the livestream above , which will switch over to The President Show and Drunk History at 3:45pm EST .
Here 's the official NYCC copy for the panels :
The President Show Oh Boy ! The President Show creator Anthony Atamanuik , who hosts playing Donald J. Trump , and executive producer Peter Grosz , who plays his sidekick Vice President Mike Pence , will both appear in character to hold the best and most tremendous panel NYCC has ever witnessed . The BEST and MOST tremendous . The President Show panel will include an exclusive inside look into the series , the greatest Q & A with the people and other very big things . Big . Comedy Central 's The President Show , a topical weekly late-night series , airs Thursday nights directly from “ the Oval Office ” and features such late-night staples as desk segments , field pieces and guest interviews . Drunk History Stick around after because it 's time to raise a glass to Emmy® nominated “ Drunk History ” ! , Derek Waters ( co-creator/host/director ) and other panelists will walk you through how this liquored-up narration of American history works , with the help of an ever-changing cast of intoxicated actors and comedians . Booze helps bring out the truth ; it 's just that sometimes the truth is a little incoherent ! From humble beginnings as a digital series to four seasons on Comedy Central , Derek and friends have plenty of stories to share from the making of the show . Stop by to get an exclusive sneak peek at the upcoming season , a Q & A with some surprise guests and plenty more Drunk History debauchery !
For more of our New York Comic-Con 2017 coverage , click here .
OPINION : The final part to a five-part series on news media at The West Side Journal . `` The Future is Here and it is… https : //t.co/ftXxcO7UlJ
When the North Korean regime of Kim Jong-un threatened to fire a nuclear weapon toward the U.S. territory of Guam , President Trump predicted that the added attention from the threat would increase tourism to the tiny island in the Pacific Ocean .
And some tourism officials agree . But they do n't think the increase will be substantial .
After the threat from North Korea , Trump spoke to Guam Gov . Eddie Calvo last week and not only assured him that the island would be protected by the U.S. military , but also encouraged him to consider the benefits of the showdown .
“ I have to tell you , you have become extremely famous all over the world , ” Trump told Calvo , according to a transcript released of the call .
“ They are talking about Guam ; and they 're talking about you. ” And when it comes to tourism , the president added , “ I can say this : You 're going to go up , like , tenfold with the expenditure of no money . ”
Guam , an island known for its white-sand beaches and coral reef snorkeling , broke a 20-year record for visitation in July , with nearly 133,000 visitors . Guam is also home to two U.S. military bases , occupied by about 7,000 troops .
The new tourism record surpasses the previous high visitation mark set in 1997 and represents a 8.1 % increase from the same month in 2016 . Tourism represents about 50 % of the island 's economy .
The two biggest sources of visitors to Guam in July were Japan and South Korea , according to the Guam Visitors Bureau . Japanese visitors made up 39 % of all visitors while South Korean tourists made up 46 % of visitors in July . U.S. visitors made up only 6 % of all tourism to the island .
Guam is home to about 160,000 people and is about 2,000 miles from North Korea . Surveys find that visitors are drawn to the island by its beaches and tropical climate .
Travel and tourism experts say it is possible that the attention brought to Guam by North Korea 's threat could result in more visitors — assuming the harsh rhetoric between North Korea and the U.S. is resolved peacefully .
“ All of this publicity is going to be good for Guam , ” said Carl Winston , the director of the L. Robert Payne School of Hospitality and Tourism Management at San Diego State University .
In fact , the travel site Hipmunk.com reported a 438 % increase in searches of flights from the U.S. to Guam from Aug. 8 to 13 , compared with the week earlier .
Bjorn Hanson , a professor at New York University 's Tisch Center for Hospitality and Tourism , agreed , saying “ Guam has gained substantial awareness and added curiosity and the attention could be very favorable . ”
But experts say it is highly unlikely that the North Korean threat — even after it is resolved — will boost visitation tenfold , as predicted by Trump .
Winston dismissed the prediction as hyperbole , while Hanson added that Guam probably does n't even have the hotels , restaurants or airline capacity to handle a tenfold increase in tourism .
Henry H. Harteveldt , a travel industry analyst with Atmosphere Research Group , was even more skeptical . He noted that flights from the U.S. to Guam are 17 hours long and are typically more expensive that flying to Hawaii .
“ I 'm not sure there will be a rush of tourists from America or elsewhere , ” he said .
hugo.martin @ latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries , follow @ hugomartin on Twitter .
Share :
DHAKA - Bangladesh on Wednesday recalled medium pacer Abul Hasan to replace the injured Mustafizur Rahman for next month 's Twenty20 series against Afghanistan in India .
Mustafizur was ruled out after sustaining a toe injury during an Indian Premier League match for Mumbai Indians on May 20 . Afghanistan will host Bangladesh for the first-ever T20 series between the countries in the Indian city of Dehradun from June 3 to 7 .
A week later Afghanistan will play their inaugural Test , against India in Bangalore from June 14 . Selectors delayed announcing Mustafizur 's replacement until learning more about the newly-laid pitch at Dehradun 's Rajeev Gandhi International Stadium . `` It was a new ground so we wanted feedback from the team , '' said chief selector Minhajul Abedin . `` They reached Dehradun on Tuesday and found the pitch a bit grassy , so we decided to send a pace bowler . Otherwise we would have sent a spinner . ''
Abul 's last four Twenty20 internationals were against Pakistan in 2012 . Afghanistan are ranked eighth on the Twenty20 international ranking , two places ahead of Bangladesh .
Bletchley Park , the site famed for breaking the German Enigma encryption system during World War Two , is to become a training academy for the next generation of cyber defense forces .
Expected to open within the next two years , the school will nurture talented 16- to 19-year-olds with a focus on cybersecurity and conduct research projects in the area .
The National College of Cyber Security is part of a £50 million plan to bolster the UK 's defenses against increasing cyberattacks . It is funded by an industry-wide initiative called Qufaro , which includes representatives from BT and the National Museum of Computing .
The academy is intended to be primarily a boarding college , with around 10 percent of places for day students . It would be free to all students , who would not need to meet specific academic qualifications , but would be selected through aptitude tests , or on the basis of exceptional technology skills such as self-taught coders or students who dabble in making their own websites .
The students would work towards a potential variety of qualifications . Around 40 percent of the curriculum would be devoted to cybersecurity with extra focus on math , physics , computer science or economics .
The project plans to use G-Block , built in 1943 , on the Bletchley Park site as the base for the college , with a £5m restoration project for the building .
Kolkata : West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday accused the Narendra Modi-led central government of not aiding her state the way it aids the others as her government opposes its policies .
`` The central government does not provide necessary monitory support to Bengal , rather they take the money away . We are still paying Rs 40,000 crore every year as part of the state 's debt to the Centre acquired during the Left Front regime , '' she said in a public meeting in Bardhaman district 's Kanksa .
`` The crops were wasted in parts of the country due to the untimely rain and flood . The Centre has aided Assam and Bihar but has n't sent any aid to Bengal . The Centre thinks they would hit us economically as our government oppose their policies , '' she alleged .
The Trinamool Congress supremo also accused the Centre 's ruling BJP of talking in the language of communalism in Bengal but asserted that her government would not be provoked to reply in the same language .
`` BJP is using the language of communalism . We would not reply to them in that language . We have many other languages to communicate . We prefer to talk in those languages . Our government is for mother , land and people . It is not for someone specific . It is everyone , '' she said .
Referring to the brutal killing of a Bengali labourer in Rajasthan , Banerjee said there are repeated incidents of violence and hate crimes against the minority and Dalits in the BJP governed states .
`` What are they ( BJP ) up to ? A Dalit family in Gujrat went to watch a cultural programme , they were lynched . A person in Rajasthan protested against the banning of the film 'Padmavati ' , he was hanged to death , another person came to work in Rajasthan was burnt alive . Why would these things happen ? '' she asked .
Taking a swipe at the BJP leaders in Bengal , Banerjee said : `` People of Bengal should politically drive them away so that they can never come back . ''
0
Blade Runner 2049 opened in theaters last night , and it was incredibly successful at the box office . Warner Bros. announced that the R-rated sci-fi sequel pulled in $ 4 million last night with $ 800,000 of that total coming from IMAX screens . To put that in perspective , Gravity , the current reigning box office champ of October only pulled in $ 1.4 million from Thursday night screenings , and The Martian only made $ 2.5 million .
So what does this mean for Blade Runner 2049 's opening weekend ? While the film was tracking to open around $ 40 million , it could well eclipse that prediction . Gravity opened to $ 55 million and The Martian opened to $ 54 million . If Blade Runner 2049 is already at $ 4 million and it has positive notices from critics ( the movie currently sits at 88 % on Rotten Tomatoes ) , the film could end up becoming the new record holder for biggest October opening . While you could argue that the R-rating is a hurdle that Gravity and The Martian did n't have to worry about , I 'd point that with the success of IT and Deadpool , the R-rating is n't an insurmountable obstacle .
Stay with us throughout the weekend to see how Blade Runner 2049 fares at the box office . And for more of our Blade Runner 2049 coverage , click on the links below :
Here 's the official synopsis for Blade Runner 2049 :
A man has been charged with assaulting a Battlefords RCMP officer after a break and enter at a home in North Battleford .
Police were called to the break and enter at the home in the 1400-block of 99th Street early Sunday morning .
READ MORE : Man charged with choking Prince Albert police officer
A man had broken into the house and fled with some items after realizing someone living there was home .
He was located by police in an alley carrying the alleged stolen property .
When he was confronted , officers said he started swinging a knife at them .
READ MORE : Teen accused of assaulting Saskatoon police officers with bear spray
Police were able to talk him into dropping the knife and he was taken into custody .
No injuries were reported .
He has been charged with assaulting a police officer with a weapon , possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose , break and enter , and possession of stolen property .
ADVERTISEMENT
When a dog owner in Australia called his Great Dane in for a bath , you might have expected the docile giant to run and hide . However , it seemed that the clever canine was one step ahead of his human . And what happened next was simply astounding .
Basil the Great Dane has lived with his owner ever since he was eight weeks old . And over that time , the adorable puppy has transformed into a handsome giant . However , far from being a handful , the dog is about as obedient as they come .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the breed description on the American Kennel Club website , Great Danes are dependable , patient and friendly . And while males can grow up to 32 inches in height , their montorous size belies their overall gentle demeanor .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
On a winter 's evening in 2015 Karlina Paredes Fulk heard sirens close to her home . She logged on to the local neighborhood watch page to see what was going on . Realizing that they were on their way to the scene of a crash , Fulk said a little prayer for the family of the victim . But just hours later she realized she had been praying for her own family .
Karlina Fulk is a lawyer who lives in San Jose , California with her husband and three daughters . She graduated from the University of California , Berkley School of Law in 2016 and went on to become an associate attorney at the Hoover Krepelka law firm .
ADVERTISEMENT
On this particular evening , Karlina was at home . It was around about 8:00 p.m on January 7 , 2015 , when she heard sirens outside . For some , the distinctive sound makes them take a moment to think about what the sirens mean . To think about an accident or a situation where someone 's in trouble .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Nokian Tyres Plc :
* FINNISH POLICE SAYS HAS OPENED A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INTO SUSPECTED SECURITIES MARKET OFFENCES RELATED TO Tyre MANUFACTURED BY NOKIAN TYRES PLC AND THE TYRE TEST RESULTS IN DIFFERENT MAGAZINES Source text for Eikon : [ here.it & utm_medium=twitter ] Further company coverage : ( Helsinki Newsroom )
Morrissey was scheduled to headline the second night of KROQ 's Almost Acoustic Christmas show this past weekend . But surprising absolutely nobody , Morrissey pulled out of the show a day before it was set to happen . The Killers , who did play last night 's show , had an icy little subtweet for Morrissey . During their set , the band covered “ This Charming Man , ” the classic from Morrissey 's old band the Smiths . Here 's a fan-made video of that performance :
The Killers covering “ This Charming Man ” by The Smiths , considering Morrissey cancelled this Acoustic Christmas . pic.twitter.com/G833Ji99OD — r [ Y ] an ( @ rubix_ryan ) December 11 , 2017
During the show , frontman Brandon Flowers also made an implicit comment about another of the weekend 's stories . During the previous night of the KROQ Christmas show , Queens Of The Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicked photographer Chelsea Lauren in the face . While the Killers were playing , Flowers pulled Killers photographer Rob Loud out of the photo pit and onto the stage , telling him , “ I 'm not gon na kick you in the face . Just come on up here . I just want to tell you to tell all your friends that you 're welcome here , and that any Killers concert , you 're safe and you 're respected. ” He then dedicated a song to the photographers at the show , saying , “ They make us look good . We need to take care of these people. ” Here 's the video :
× Expand Photo courtesy JM Stock Provisions
A little shock rolled through the Richmond eating scene this morning as JM Stock Provisions ( 1531 W. Main St. ) announced its closing . This affects the store 's Richmond retail operations only ; its flagship store in Charlottesville will remain open .
According to partner James Lum III , “ We are closing the Richmond store but are exploring other options to better suit and expand our wholesale operations . ”
For lovers of their Meat Club , have no fear : The weekly meat subscription service will continue with scheduled pick-up windows available at venues like The Veil Brewing Co. and Sub Rosa Bakery .
In the meantime , pop on over as they work to liquidate their store filled with all manner of good things to eat and drink until the lights go out on Aug. 27 .
The holidays came early to the Easton Public Library , with a celebration featuring craft-making , games , a photo booth , music , pizza , and a visit from Santa Claus .
Grace Raymond , 10 , was among the dozens of youngsters waiting to tell Santa what she hoped to find under the tree . “ Anything and everything , ” an excited Grace said when asked what she wanted for Christmas .
This was the library 's second annual holiday party . About three dozen children and their parents attended the Dec. 16 event , organized by staff and aided by volunteers from the National Charity League 's local chapter .
Shannon McMahon , a library assistant known as “ Miss Shannon , ” who plays the guitar , led the group in a sing-along that included such tunes as Santa Claus Is Coming to Town and Here Comes Santa Claus , as well as Hanukah favorites .
Lara Fayek was there with her 1-year-old daughter , Adrienne , 4-year-old son , Caleb , and husband , Ousama . “ This is a way to have fun on a Friday night , ” Fayek said . “ It 's low key but a good way for the family to get out . ”
Library Director Lynn Zaffino credited Kymberlee Powe , the library 's children 's and teen librarian , with coming up with the idea for the event and overseeing it .
“ There 's a lot to do here , with different stations and different activities , ” Zaffino said . “ And , of course , there 's pizza . '
Powe said the children come to have fun with their friends . Craft activities included making ornaments , wreaths and dreidels as well as creating unique holiday-themed designs from buttons and beads .
In addition to the sing-along , many participated in holiday song bingo , with prizes for those whose bingo card featured the highlighted song titles .
It was the last day on the job for Powe , who was moving on to a position with the Stamford Public Library . She worked in Easton for two years , and said she will miss the town and its residents .
“ Kids have been coming in and giving me cards and hugs , and making me origami trees , ” Powe said .
Powe has been “ a great asset to the library , ” Zaffino said . “ She 's brought in a lot of great new programs . ”
Photographs by Brad Durrell
LAHORE : Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has said Punjab Agriculture , Food and Drug Authority will prove to be a milestone in provision of high standard medicines and hygienic edible items to the masses .
He stated this while chairing a high level meeting in Lahore on Monday to review the matters regarding establishment of Punjab Agriculture , Food and Drug Authority .
The Chief Minister said , “ PAFDA will become functional during the current year . ”
DECEMBER 11 , 2017 — Louisiana-based shipbuilder Metal Shark reports that , as an extension of its existing relationship with Netherlands-based Damen Shipyards , the new Damen FCS 7011 fast crew supply vessel is now available in the U.S. market .
Developed by Damen in response to feedback from leaders in the offshore oil and gas sector , the FCS 7011 has been designed to reduce logistics costs and increase efficiencies in an era of low oil prices .
The all-aluminum monohull FCS 7011 is a fast and comfortable crew supply solution for offshore production facilities . The vessel offers increased safety compared to traditional crew supply vessels .
Incorporating Damen 's `` Sea Ax '' bow and a ride control system for roll and pitch reduction , the FCS 7011 offers increased operability in offshore sea states . Steerable skegs allow for highly accurate course corrections , while a gyroscope maintains stability during crew transfer , with a motion-compensating gangway among the numerous available features .
Designed for passenger comfort , the FCS 7011 can be custom-configured to suit individual client requirements . With its size , range , 40-knot speed , and 150-passenger capacity , the vessel allows operators to efficiently service multiple platforms on a single trip for maximum cost savings and energy gains .
`` The FCS 7011 utilizes smart design and the latest technology to bring new levels of comfort , safety , and efficiency to the offshore sector , '' said Metal Shark CEO Chris Allard . `` Metal Shark enjoys a great relationship with Damen and we 're excited to offer this first-in-class vessel to U.S . operators . ''
The FCS 7011 will be produced at Metal Shark 's Franklin , Louisiana shipyard , which among its current projects is also producing a fleet of 85 ft Damen-designed patrol boats under the U.S. Navy 's Near Shore Patrol Vessel ( NCPV ) contract awarded in June .
The 25-acre shipyard offers direct access to the Gulf of Mexico .
Mayor Ben Blake unveiled his spending plan for 2018-19 Thursday , a plan that he says keeps taxes status quo . The current tax rate is 27.79 mills , and the rate would stay the same under the 2018-19 spending plan .
The mayor 's portion of the budget calls for a spending increase from the current $ 113.83 million to $ 117.29 million , about a 3 % hike .
The Board of Education has requested a budget of $ 93.59 million , a 1.786 % increase over the current year 's budget .
Together , the two parts of the annual budget total about $ 210.88 million , which is $ 5.1 million , or 2.48 % , more than the current $ 205.78 million budget .
The mayor said a healthy grand list , plus revenues including collection of more than $ 1 million in back taxes on a vacant Old Gate Lane property , are helping to hold taxes . His budget plan also calls for putting $ 6.2 million from the city 's reserve account into the spending plan to offset any tax increase .
Blake cautioned that taxes stay flat under the school superintendent 's initial plan , noting that the board voted to increase that request by $ 361,500 to fund additional building projects .
“ This 2018-19 mayor 's budget strikes that delicate balance between services and funding as it lays the groundwork for another responsible fiscal year , ” Blake says in his budget message published in the annual budget proposal .
The full budget proposal can be viewed online at ci.milford.ct.us/city-budget .
“ This suggested financial plan holds spending increases to a minimum while preserving core municipal functions , ” the mayor states . “ The recommendation also recognizes potential revenue growth while accounting for the annual increase to cost drivers such as our pension contributions , salaries and health care . ”
He said the plan does not have any marked changes over the current year . No layoffs are expected , but some positions have been eliminated , including a position from the sanitation department . That is due to the new automated trash pickup program , which lowers the number of people needed on the trucks from three to two .
The city side of the budget does not call for funding an additional school resource officer ( SRO ) in the city schools , and Mayor Blake anticipated that would generate discussion as the Board of Finance starts reviewing the spending plan .
And indeed the SRO was the topic of discussion at a public hearing Thursday evening , when a number of parents asked that the position be funded .
School Supt . Dr. Elizabeth Feser requested another $ 40,000 in the 2018-19 school budget to pay for an additional school resource officer , but the addition wo n't be made unless the city also allocates $ 40,000 for the position . There are four officers now , one at each high school and two splits between the three middle schools and The Academy . The board has asked for an additional school resource officer for the past few years , but each time the city has not supported the idea by allocating $ 40,000 on the city side of the budget . The school board pays half the salary and the city the other half .
Next in the process
The finance board held its public hearing Thursday evening , giving residents a chance to comment on the plans . About 30 people attended , many asking the board to grant the full Board of Education request and to stay focused on library funding in coming years .
On Wednesday , Feb. 7 , the finance board will review the Board of Education budget . That meeting will take place at 5:30 p.m. in Conference Room B of the Parsons Complex .
On Monday , Feb. 12 , the board will start reviewing city department requests . The meeting will also start at 5:30 p.m. in Conference Room B of the Parsons Complex .
The board has scheduled a technical discussion for Thursday , March 1 , starting at 5:30 p.m. , and a possible vote Wednesday , March 7 . That meeting is also scheduled for 5:30 p.m. in Conference Room B of the Parsons Complex .
After the finance board approves a budget plan , it moves along to the Board of Aldermen for a final review .
A body of an unidentified man was found buried under rubbish at the side of the Black Road outside Mdantsane in the Eastern Cape on Monday morning .
The gruesome discovery was made by four boys who were on their way to deliver breakfast for Abakhwetha ( initiates ) .
After stumbling upon the lifeless body‚ the distressed cup-bearers raced to the R102 and flagged down provincial traffic officers Sipho Flepu and Christopher Plaatjies who were patrolling on the road .
Plaatjies said he and his patrol partner Flepu were driving towards Mdantsane when they saw the panic-stricken boys . “ We then stopped and they told us that there was a dead body lying on the side of the road in the bushes . ”
First-year Alton Salvation Army Corps Officer Lt. Stephen Reinier struck gold Dec. 4 at the Godfrey Schnucks when he opened a red kettle and found a note and an American Gold Eagle one-tenth-ounce gold coin .
“ We had heard that the Alton area was known to have gold coins show up in their kettles , but this one being our first , is extra special , ” Reinier said . “ This coin had a note folded around it which read , ‘ I challenge anyone to match the value of this donation if they have the money to give . ' ”
The market value for one-tenth an ounce of gold is about $ 5 .
“ It would be great if everyone stopping by a kettle could put in $ 5 or more , but each and every donation , regardless of the amount , is appreciated and is important to ensure that the Alton Corps is able to provide services to those in need in our community , ” Reinier said .
“ I always am anxiously awaiting a gold coin in one of our kettles and hold it as a sign of good luck for our campaign , ” Alton Corps Kettle Coordinator Greg Gelzinnis said . “ Now that we have our first gold coin , I am confident that we are going to make our goal .
“ The Riverbend area residents are so generous , and even though we are a little bit behind last year ( about $ 1,500 as of Wednesday ) , I am confident that the closer we get to Christmas , the more generous everyone will be , ” Gelzinnis said . “ We just have to be able to light our star again this year . ”
The Tree of Lights goal for this year is $ 90,000 , a $ 5,000 increase over last year . There still are available time slots and residents can sign up at http : //bttr.im/iw8tw .
“ If everyone in the Riverbend will take one two-hour shift , the kettle shifts will all be filled and the Alton Corps most certainly will achieve their goal , ” Tree of Lights Co-Chair Mark Cousley said .
The Salvation Army – Alton Corps has been serving the Riverbend region for 129 years . Whether it is a family in need from a house fire , flood victims , or men or women who are just looking to put their lives back together and need a glimmer of hope , the Salvation Army is there to provide assistance .
For more information about the Salvation Army or to be a volunteer , call the office at ( 618 ) 465-7764 .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
China is putting pressure on the European Union to issue a strong joint statement against U.S. President Donald Trump 's trade policies at a summit later this month but is facing resistance , European officials said .
In meetings in Brussels , Berlin and Beijing , senior Chinese officials , including Vice Premier Liu He and the Chinese government 's top diplomat , State Councillor Wang Yi , have proposed an alliance between the two economic powers and offered to open more of the Chinese market in a gesture of goodwill .
READ MORE : China warns citizens against U.S. travel citing gun violence , expensive medical costs
One proposal has been for China and the European Union to launch joint action against the United States at the World Trade Organization .
But the European Union , the world 's largest trading bloc , has rejected the idea of allying with Beijing against Washington , five EU officials and diplomats told Reuters , ahead of a Sino-European summit in Beijing on July 16-17 .
Instead , the summit is expected to produce a modest communique , which affirms the commitment of both sides to the multilateral trading system and promises to set up a working group on modernizing the WTO , EU officials said .
Vice Premier Liu He has said privately that China is ready to set out for the first time what sectors it can open to European investment at the annual summit , expected to be attended by President Xi Jinping , China 's Premier Li Keqiang and top EU officials .
WATCH : Trump moves to block China Mobile from U.S .
Chinese state media has promoted the message that the European Union is on China 's side , officials said , putting the bloc in a delicate position . The past two summits , in 2016 and 2017 , ended without a statement due to disagreements over the South China Sea and trade .
“ China wants the European Union to stand with Beijing against Washington , to take sides , ” said one European diplomat . “ We wo n't do it and we have told them that . ”
In a commentary on Wednesday , China 's official Xinhua news agency said China and Europe “ should resist trade protectionism hand in hand ” .
READ MORE : How China is preparing for a potential trade war with the U.S .
“ China and European countries are natural partners , ” it said . “ They firmly believe that free trade is a powerful engine for global economic growth . ”
In Beijing , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said summit preparations were proceeding , and details would be announced in due course .
But he added that at a high level China-EU economic dialogue in Beijing last week both sides had agreed to oppose unilateralism and trade and investment protectionism .
China 's moment ?
Despite Trump 's tariffs on European metals exports and threats to hit the EU 's automobile industry , Brussels shares Washington 's concern about China 's closed markets and what Western governments say is Beijing 's manipulation of trade to dominate global markets .
“ We agree with almost all the complaints the U.S. has against China , it 's just we do n't agree with how the United States is handling it , ” another diplomat said .
Still , China 's stance is striking given Washington 's deep economic and security ties with European nations . It shows the depth of Chinese concern about a trade war with Washington , as Trump is set to impose tariffs on billions of dollars worth of Chinese imports on July 6 .
WATCH : Trump threatens almost all imports from China as Beijing fires back
It also underscores China 's new boldness in trying to seize leadership amid divisions between the United States and its European , Canadian and Japanese allies over issues including free trade , climate change and foreign policy .
“ Trump has split the West , and China is seeking to capitalize on that . It was never comfortable with the West being one bloc , ” said a European official involved in EU-China diplomacy .
“ China now feels it can try to split off the European Union in so many areas , on trade , on human rights , ” the official said .
READ MORE : Donald Trump 's next Chinese tariffs likely to hit consumers ' wallets
Another official described the dispute between Trump and Western allies at the Group of Seven summits last month as a gift to Beijing because it showed European leaders losing a long-time ally , at least in trade policy .
European envoys say they already sensed a greater urgency from China in 2017 to find like-minded countries willing to stand up against Trump 's “ America First ” policies .
No ‘ systemic change '
A report by New York-based Rhodium Group , a research consultancy , in April showed that Chinese restrictions on foreign investment are higher in every single sector save real estate , compared to the European Union , while many of the big Chinese takeovers in the bloc would not have been possible for EU companies in China .
They say China 's decision in May to lower tariffs on imported cars will make little difference because imports make up such a small part of the market . China 's plans to move rapidly to electric vehicles mean that any new benefits it offers traditional European carmakers will be fleeting .
WATCH : China warns of swift retaliation after U.S. imposes new tariffs
“ Whenever the train has left the station we are allowed to enter the platform , ” a Beijing-based European executive said .
However , China 's offer at the upcoming summit to open up reflects Beijing 's concern that it is set to face tighter EU controls , and regulators are also blocking Chinese takeover attempts in the United States .
The European Union is seeking to pass legislation to allow greater scrutiny of foreign investments .
“ We do n't know if this offer to open up is genuine yet , ” a third EU diplomat said . “ It 's unlikely to mark a systemic change . ”
By DEREK WILEY
Of the Keizertimes
McNary ( 4-0 ) got a taste of its own medicine .
Playing another team of mostly guards , the Lady Celts eked out a 51-46 victory over West Albany on Friday , Dec. 8 to open league play .
While McNary never trailed in the game , the Bulldogs got within four points early in the fourth period and then within 45-44 on a 3-pointer with 1:14 remaining .
After passing the ball around the perimeter in an attempt to run out the clock , McNary senior Kailey Doutt saw a lane and drove to the basket , making a layup and then the free throw to complete the 3-point play .
“ I saw an opening to the left and I went for it , ” Doutt said .
On the other end , Doutt then pulled down a defensive rebound and went 1-for-2 from the free throw line to stretch the lead to 49-44 . After West Albany made two free throws , McNary senior Paige Downer knocked down a pair of her own with 9.8 seconds remaining to seal the victory .
“ The whole game was very intense and kind of out of control , ” Doutt said . “ We had some mental breakdowns on defense , which should n't happen . I was very nervous but the whole time I felt like we would pull out a win . I had confidence that we would . We just needed to take care of the ball and be patient and not rush because their plan was to make us rush . They were hustling a lot and we needed to match that and we did n't always . We need to work on that . ”
The Lady Celts looked like they would run away from West Albany early , beginning the game on a 14-4 run . When the Bulldogs got within 16-12 early in the second period , Downer and Leah Doutt each scored two baskets to give McNary a 24-13 lead .
Kailey Doutt 's shot began to heat up in the second half as a 3-pointer and jumper put the Lady Celts on top 31-17 . Doutt finished with 21 points , 15 of which came in the second half , to go along with 10 rebounds .
McNary led 37-26 when the Bulldogs went on a 7-0 run to get within 37-33 with 7:39 remaining in the game .
“ West Albany plays hard , ” McNary head coach Elizabeth Doran said . “ They hustle . They 're just really scrappy and that bothered us tonight . Their pressure and their defense , it bothered us and it was visibly bothering us out there on the court and we ca n't let that happen . We were having problems offensively and we let that seep over into our defense . There were some possessions where we were leaving people open , just uncharacteristic things . We ca n't do that . ”
The Lady Celts also got in foul trouble .
Sabella Alfaro , who only played nine minutes , made a 3-point play with 4:11 remaining before fouling out with 1:40 to go . Leah Doutt also fouled out , with 3:38 remaining , finishing with four points , four rebounds and three blocks .
Senior Emma Kinler and freshman Mackenzie Proctor got more run off the bench . Kinler finished with four points and four rebounds . Proctor added two points and two steals .
Downer scored nine points for the Lady Celts . Abbie Hawley added eight and four rebounds .
“ It 's a good learning experience for us , ” Doran said . “ I 'm glad we were able to eke out the win at the end . But it was n't a pretty basketball game . It did show our toughness that we were able to come back and not let that faze us and able to pull out the win . ”
Mumbai : The BSE Sensex rebounded over 246 points to quote above the 35,000-mark in opening trade today , tracking a firm trend in the global markets amid sustained buying by domestic institutional investors .
Short-covering of bets , today being the last session of May expiry in the derivatives segment , kept the overall tempo up .
Optimistic buying by participants ahead of GDP data scheduled to be released later today too buoyed trading sentiments , brokers said .
The 30-share index , which had lost 259.37 points in the previous two sessions , recovered by 246.06 points , or 0.70 percent , at 35,152.17 . The NSE Nifty too was trading higher by 61.75 points , or 0.58 percent , at 10,676.10 .
Meanwhile , the Met department yesterday said the entire country is likely to get normal monsoon this year , except the east and northeast India , which is likely to witness `` below normal '' rainfall .
Domestic institutional investors ( DIIs ) bought shares worth Rs 492.46 crore , while foreign portfolio investors ( FPIs ) sold shares worth a net of Rs 1,286.91 crore yesterday , provisional data showed .
Major gainers were Coal India , HDFC Bank , Bharti Airtel , HUL , ONGC , Tata Steel , L & T , Kotak Bank , HDFC Ltd , NTPC , Wipro , RIL , Infosys and M & M , with gains of up to 2.81 percent .
However , shares of the country 's largest private lender ICICI Bank plunged 1.49 percent after the bank ordered an independent probe into allegations against its MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar 's dealing with certain borrowers .
Brokers said continued pumping of funds by DIIs and a firming trend at over Asian bourses , tracking recoveries in the US and Europe as fears of a political crisis in Italy abated , spurred fresh round of buying on the domestic bourses .
Globally , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng was up 0.95 percent , Japan 's Nikkei gained 0.60 percent while Shanghai Composite index rallied 1.20 percent in early trade today . The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 1.26 percent higher yesterday .
Rupee gains
The rupee strengthened by 6 paise to 67.37 against the dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ahead of GDP data scheduled to be released later today .
Forex dealers said besides selling of the American currency by exporters and banks , weakness in the dollar against other currencies supported the rupee .
Furthermore , expectations of robust GDP growth and a higher opening in the domestic equity market , influenced the rupee uptrend , they added .
Yesterday , the rupee had ended with a solid 43 paise gain against the American currency at 67.43 after traders unwound bullish dollar positions .
Meanwhile , the benchmark BSE Sensex rose by 246.06 points , or 0.70 percent , at 35,152.17 in the opening trade today .
The increasingly popular practice of ‘ vaginal seeding ' — in which cesarean-delivered babies are immediately swabbed with the mother 's vaginal fluids — is declared unjustified and potentially unsafe in a new critical review of scientific literature . Differences between the bacteria and other microorganisms ( microbiome ) in cesarean- and vaginally born babies are thought to account for the greater risk of health problems suffered by cesarean-born babies in later life . However as outlined in the study , published in Frontiers in Medicine , this difference is most likely caused by antibiotics administered to mothers delivering by C-section rather than not being exposure to vaginal microbes . Breastfeeding duration , maternal obesity and age at birth can also account for microbiome differences .
“ After reviewing the scientific evidence , we find no support for the ‘ bacterial baptism ' hypothesis , ” says Lisa Stinson , who completed this analysis at the Division of Obstetrics and Gynecology , The University of Western Australia . “ While we know that cesarean delivery impacts the infant microbiome , it 's very unlikely these differences are caused by a lack of exposure to vaginal microbes at birth . ”
Babies born by cesarean section are at greater risk of suffering from asthma , allergies , autoimmune disorders and obesity in later life , which in turn have been related to differences in a baby 's microbiome — the microorganisms associated with its skin , mouth , nose and gut .
“ My research involves working with a lot of mothers who are delivering by C-section and some mothers show an interest in vaginal seeding after reading about it on the internet . Understandably , they want to give their babies the best start in life and on the surface this practice makes sense , ” Stinson explains . “ But there are certain risks , such as unintentionally transferring dangerous bacteria or viruses to the newborn , so we wanted to find out if these risks were justified . ”
Stinson performed a thorough review of research detailing bacterial populations associated with newborns , how these change from when the baby is born , and whether there were differences associated with the mode of delivery or other factors such as antibiotic administration , breastfeeding and age at birth .
The story that emerged was complex : It 's not just as simple as passing through a vagina or not .
“ If passage through the vagina seeded babies with vaginal bacteria , we would expect to find these bacteria in babies born this way , but this is not the case . Microbes thrown out of balance in babies born by C-section are very similar to those thrown off balance in babies born to mothers receiving antibiotics but delivering vaginally . It is likely that routine antibiotic administration given to mothers delivering by C-section is a major underlying problem , ” explains Stinson .
“ Mothers delivering by c-section are also more likely to be obese , have less breastfeeding success and give birth at an earlier gestational age , which can also account for differences in bacterial populations . ”
Stinson found only one study had evaluated vaginal seeding — and this had failed to prove the effectiveness of the practice .
“ Our review is useful to new mothers who are concerned about delivering by cesarean section . Hopefully it will make them think twice about vaginal seeding , a process that can potentially introduce dangerous infections . It is also useful for clinicians , as they can show there is a lack evidence to support this practice . ”
Stinson hopes that future research will find ways to intervene early in life or even before birth , to optimize the development of good bacteria in newborns .
“ Early life is a critical time for the development of our microbiomes and it can have long-lasting effects on our health . I 'm looking forward to larger and more robust studies of the fetal and newborn microbiomes . We may yet find ways to manage our microbiomes for life-long health . ”
Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson Photo by Andrew Dobson
Photos by Andrew Dobson
WHAT : Small Town — Big World annual event
WHERE : River Bend Yoga , Jacoby Arts Center , Old Bakery Beer Company , LuciAnna 's Pastries , Maeva 's Coffee , YWCA of Alton , Morrison 's Irish Pub , Germania Brew Haus , It 's Raining Zen , Little Mexico Restaurant , Olive Oil Marketplace , State Street Market , Haskell House Children 's Museum , Argosy Casino , and Hayner Public Library District
WHEN : April 21
WHY : Alton Main Street presented the daylong cultural celebration throughout the downtown district to represent Alton 's diversity . The event is a homegrown effort , with members of the public contributing ethnic cuisine , traditional clothing , world music , folk art , dance performances , martial arts , sports , and information from faith communities . “ This will be a very exciting day for Alton to demonstrate that we are an inclusive community where people embrace and celebrate the heritage that makes each of us unique , ” said Sara McGibany , executive director of Alton Main Street . “ An international event has been one of the biggest requests we 've heard from the public , and Alton Main Street is happy to be able to provide the framework that brings everyone together . ”
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Monday hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and said he was spreading `` falsehoods '' to “ score political points. ” Singh issued a statement after reports of him attending a meeting where a Pakistan envoy was present . Denying that any discussion about the Gujarat election took place at the meeting at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar 's residence , Singh said that Modi is losing ground in Gujarat and his fear of the imminent loss is quite evident .
His statement was a reaction to Modi 's address at a public rally in Vadodara on Sunday where he had asked Singh why did he not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack , despite the readiness of the army .
The prime minister had also raised a question mark on a `` secret meeting '' between Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar and the former Pakistani high commissioner and other leaders from that country .
# BREAKING -- Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh takes on Prime Minister Modi over the war for Gujarat .
Pak Cong Meeting : Manmohan Singh denies Gujarat poll discussion # CongPakLinkedpic.twitter.com/dtqaTWM2mt — News18 ( @ CNNnews18 ) December 11 , 2017
Dr. Manmohan Singh shows the ‘ mirror of truth ' and gives a ‘ reality check ' to Prime Minister Modi , who has been driven by canards & false propaganda in face of imminent defeat in Gujarat . pic.twitter.com/QLQiPQDHxI — Randeep S Surjewala ( @ rssurjewala ) December 11 , 2017
The former prime minister also said , `` Congress needs no sermons on nationalism . My track record of public service over five decades is known to everybody . Prime Minister Modi should apologise to the nation . ''
Earlier too , on 7 December , Singh had said the people of Gujarat have seen though the `` lies '' propagated by the BJP during its 22-year-rule in the state , and took a dig at the ruling party over the 'Gujarat model ' of development , saying it only benefited the top one percent of the society .
He also said the `` achhe din '' promise made by the BJP was `` nowhere to be seen '' . Singh had also attacked Modi over demonetisation and GST rollout , saying , `` Modiji has betrayed the trust that the people of Gujarat had reposed in him . ''
The Congress leader had also demanded that the Centre should release the relevant documents and files relating to demonetisation .
With inputs from PTI
* Toyota sales in China hampered by capacity issue – sources
* With enough capacity , it could sell 1.5 mln vehicles - sources
* Toyota to launch key high-volume smallish SUVs later this year ( Recasts after Toyota announcement )
By Norihiko Shirouzu
BEIJING , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp aims to sell 1.4 million vehicles in China in 2018 , nearly 9 percent more than it sold last year , but two insiders at the Japanese automaker said production constraints and other hurdles make it a tough target to meet .
The sales goal announced by Japan 's biggest automaker on Friday comes at a time when the world 's biggest auto market is experiencing a slowdown in overall vehicle sales growth .
The two people said the target is more a “ stretch goal. ” It is a target that is not the baseline sales forecast and one that executives acknowledge will be difficult to achieve , they said . They declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the Reuters reporter .
A big factor that makes selling 1.4 million vehicles this year more of a challenge is Toyota 's manufacturing capacity which the two individuals said remains strained .
“ If we could resolve this capacity issue , it would be easy to make the 1.4 million target . With sufficient capacity , we can possibly sell 1.5 million vehicles , ” one of the two people said .
Toyota 's forecast for 2018 is relatively more upbeat than the previous few years in part because it expects to launch a couple of potentially high-volume subcompact sport-utility vehicles ( SUVs ) later this year , the people said .
They said Toyota plans to launch two China-market versions of the subcompact Toyota CH-R crossover SUV in a June-July time frame . The CH-R hit showrooms in the United States in April last year .
Those two CH-R variants are smallish crossover SUVs that others , most notably Japan 's Honda Motor Co , have leveraged to grow sales significantly in China .
A Toyota spokesman said that though the 2018 sales target was not one that can be easily achieved due to the highly competitive market environment , the recent launch of a redesigned Camry sedan and the planned introduction of two subcompact SUVs later this year would enable Toyota to challenge the previous year 's numbers .
China 's overall vehicle market growth was the weakest last year in at least two decades , increasing just 3 percent year-on-year to 28.88 million vehicles , pegged back chiefly by a phasing out of tax breaks on smaller-engine cars that begun in 2017 .
According to data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers ( CAAM ) , 2018 will another weak year . It predicts the country 's vehicle market will grow 3.5 percent in 2018 .
On Friday , Toyota said its sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles . Smaller rival Honda 's sales in China , meanwhile , rose 10.9 percent in January to 126,174 vehicles .
Honda , which last year sold a total of 1.44 million vehicles in China , did not provide a forecast for volumes for this year . ( Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu ; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman )
Longtime Lionsgate executive Steve Beeks is leaving the film and television studio at the end of the year in the latest leadership shuffle for the Santa Monica company .
Beeks , Lionsgate 's co-chief operating officer and co-president of its motion picture group , will transition to a consulting role as he looks for new opportunities , the company said Monday .
Lionsgate is not expected to replace Beeks , who joined the company as part of its acquisition of independent studio Artisan Entertainment in 2003 .
The change in the ranks comes shortly after the company named Joe Drake , co-founder of production company Good Universe , as co-chair of its motion picture group , replacing Rob Friedman .
Beeks oversaw business initiatives for the motion picture group since being named co-president in 2012 , overseeing the company 's strategy for film production and acquisition . He also oversaw the growth of the studio 's Latino label Pantelion Films and the African American-focused movie unit Codeblack Films .
“ Lionsgate is one of the most exciting companies in the industry , and I 'm proud of everything we 've accomplished together , ” Beeks said in a statement .
Lionsgate is currently riding high on the surprise box-office success of “ Wonder , ” a $ 20-million production that has grossed $ 130 million at the box office worldwide . This year , the studio also released this year 's hit “ John Wick : Chapter Two ” and “ Power Rangers , ” which underperformed .
CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season , including `` Call Me by Your Name '' and `` The Florida Project . '' Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season , including `` Call Me by Your Name '' and `` The Florida Project . '' CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season , including `` Call Me by Your Name '' and `` The Florida Project . '' Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season , including `` Call Me by Your Name '' and `` The Florida Project . '' CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp on what critics award mean for the Oscars , factoring in the academy 's expanding membership . Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp on what critics award mean for the Oscars , factoring in the academy 's expanding membership . CAPTION Two men return home from World War II to work on a farm , where they struggle to deal with racism and adjusting to life after war in `` Mudbound . '' Video by Jason H. Neubert Two men return home from World War II to work on a farm , where they struggle to deal with racism and adjusting to life after war in `` Mudbound . '' Video by Jason H. Neubert CAPTION It 's quite the challenge trying to interview the energetic child stars of `` The Florida Project . '' It 's quite the challenge trying to interview the energetic child stars of `` The Florida Project . '' CAPTION Director Dee Rees talks about casting Mary J. Blige , Carey Mulligan and Jason Mitchell for her film `` Mudbound . '' After loving Mitchell 's performance in `` Straight Outta Compton , '' Rees said , `` I 'd be so lucky to get him in my film . '' Director Dee Rees talks about casting Mary J. Blige , Carey Mulligan and Jason Mitchell for her film `` Mudbound . '' After loving Mitchell 's performance in `` Straight Outta Compton , '' Rees said , `` I 'd be so lucky to get him in my film . ''
ryan.faughnder @ latimes.com
@ rfaughnder
IPL 2018 : Rating the top 4 teams in IPL 2018
Ratings and report card of the teams which qualified for the playoffs of IPL 2018 .
Yash Joshi CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018 , 18:35 IST 1.19K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Shane Warne led Rajasthan Royals to IPL glory in the inaugural season
The eleventh edition of the Indian Premier League was one of the most interesting editions in the tournament history . Seven of the eight teams were in the race for the playoff spots till the last round of league stage . Even the team which ranked at bottom of the table , Delhi Daredevils , claimed 10 points , two fewer than fifth , sixth and seventh-placed teams .
We saw few stunning games in the tournament . While some of the teams were simply spectacular this season , others did not meet the expectations . Eventually , Sunrisers Hyderabad , Chennai Super Kings , Kolkata Knight Riders and Rajasthan Royals found a spot in the playoffs .
Without wasting any more time , let 's rate the top four teams which qualified for the playoff this season .
Rajasthan Royals : 7/10
The Royals were one of the most inconsistent sides of the season .
Rajasthan Royals were one of the most inconsistent sides this season . Sanju Samson was the key player for Rajasthan Royals during the first half of league stage . Samson was brilliant at no.3 and played match-winning knocks . As the tournament progressed , he lost his form and failed to contribute to the team .
One big area of concern for Royals was the poor form of Benjamin Stokes . The Englishman was the star all-rounder in the tenth edition of IPL but had a forgetful season with the Royals this year . In 13 games , he scored 196 runs at an average of 17.33 and took only eight wickets . It was also the worst IPL for the Rajasthan Royals Skipper Ajinkya Rahane , where he managed to score only 370 runs in 15 matches .
Remarks :
Rajasthan Royals needed to show some consistency in the second-half of the league stage to finish in the top four . With the brilliance of Jos Butler and luck on their side , Rajasthan Royals were the last team to qualify for playoffs . Even though Rajasthan qualified for the playoffs , they have a lot to learn before the next season .
Star Player : Jos Buttler who scored 548 runs in 13 matches at a whopping average of 54.80 .
Sunny California may be getting too sunny . Increasing summer temperatures brought on by a combination of intensifying urbanization and warming climate are driving off once common low-lying morning clouds in many southern coastal areas of the state , leading to increased risk of wildfires , says a new study .
“ Cloud cover is plummeting in southern coastal California , ” said Park Williams , a bioclimatologist at Columbia University 's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory and lead author of the research . “ And as clouds decrease , that increases the chance of bigger and more intense fires. ” Williams said the decrease is driven mainly by urban sprawl , which increases near-surface temperatures , but that overall warming climate is contributing , too . Increasing heat drives away clouds , which admits more sunlight , which heats the ground further , leading to dryer vegetation , and higher fire risk , said Williams . The study appears this week in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The research follows a 2015 study in which Williams first documented a decrease in cloud cover around the sprawling Los Angeles and San Diego areas . Urban pavement and infrastructure absorb more solar energy than does the countryside , and that heat gets radiated back out into the air–a major part of the so-called heat-island effect , which makes cities generally hotter than the rural areas . At the same time , overall temperatures have been rising in California due to global warming , and this has boosted the effect . In the new study , Williams and his colleagues have found a 25 to 50 percent decrease in low-lying summer clouds since the 1970s in the greater Los Angeles area .
Normally , stratus clouds form over coastal southern California during early morning within a thin layer of cool , moist ocean air sandwiched between the land and higher air masses that are too dry for cloud formation . The stratus zone 's altitude varies with weather , but sits at roughly 1,000 to 3,000 feet . But heat causes clouds to dissipate , and decades of intense urban growth plus global warming have been gnawing away at the stratus layer 's base , causing the layer to thin and clouds to burn off earlier in the day or disappear altogether . Cloud bases have risen 150 to 300 feet since the 1970s , says the study . “ Clouds that used to burn off by noon or 1 o'clock are now gone by 10 or 11 , if they form at all , ” said Williams .
Williams and others have demonstrated a strong link between warming climate and increased wildfire in the western United States . But in southern California the link is more subtle , and clouds are a rarely studied part of the system .
While few scientists have looked in detail at clouds , many California airports large and small have been collecting hourly cloud observations since the 1970s , not for research , but rather for navigational safety . Williams and his colleagues decided to tap this trove to develop a fine-grained picture of changing cloud cover over the region . They then compared it to a separate large database kept by the U.S. Wildland Fire Assessment System , whose researchers have regularly measured vegetation moisture in the hills outside Los Angeles for decades . By comparing the two sets of data , the team found that periods of less cloud cover during the summer correlated neatly with lower vegetation moisture , and thus more danger of fire .
However , the study did not find that total area burned in summer has increased as a result of decreases in cloud shading . There are too many other factors at play , said Williams . These include yearly variations in rainfall , winds , locations where fires start , and perhaps most of all , decreases in burnable area as urban areas have expanded , and the increased effectiveness of fire-fighting . “ Even though the danger has increased , people in these areas are very good at putting out fires , so the area burned has n't gone up , ” he said . “ But the dice are now loaded , and in areas where clouds have decreased , the fires should be getting more intense and harder to contain . At some point , we 'll see if people can continue to keep up . ”
The catastrophic California-wide fires that consumed over 550,000 acres in fall of 2017 were probably not strongly affected by the reductions in summer cloud cover , said Williams . Although he did find that vegetation is drier in fall seasons that follow summers with few clouds , the fall 2017 fires were driven mainly by extreme winds and a late onset of the fall rainy season . And ironically , part of this record wildfire wave resulted not from a recent record four-year drought driven in part by climate change , but rather from record rains that followed the drought , which produced a surfeit of flammable vegetation . Things will vary year to year , but Williams said he expects to see overall fire danger increase in California , as long as there is adequate vegetation to burn .
The other authors of the study are Pierre Gentine of Columbia 's Department of Earth and Environmental Engineering ; Max Moritz and Dar Roberts of the University of California , Santa Barbara ; and John Abatzoglou of the University of Idaho , Moscow .
Share :
KARACHI-Coke Studio , the biggest and leading music platform in the country , officially launched the brand-new module , Coke Studio Explorer , with the release of its first song ‘ Pareek ' featuring a Kalash-based duo of friends , Ariana and Amrina .
With ‘ Pareek ' . Coke Studio Explorer and producers Ali Hamza and ZohaibKazi bring a very special story of two girls , Ariana and Amrina , from the snowcapped remote mountains of the Kalash Valley of Chitral District , located between the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
They represent the small ethnic community of around 4000 indigenous Kalasha people – known for their unique yet vibrant culture and diverse language . Born in the Bamburet Valley , Ariana and Amrina have been exposed to music and folklore as part of their culture and tradition , since birth . Their love for music is so deeply embedded that Ariana , named Farsi Gul at birth , changed her name earlier this year after being inspired by the music of international star , Ariana Grande .
Recorded inside a small wooden cabin in freezing temperatures , ‘ Pareek ' marks their first commercial collaboration . The age-old folklore is a story of love , persuading the companion to ‘ Pareek ' , translating to ‘ let 's go ! ” .
As Ariana and Amrina 's vocals ascend against the rolling percussions , the handclaps and a chorus of their own backing vocals , the electronic instrumentation follows the Kalasha melody . The idea was to infuse large electronic drums to create an urban anthem , giving the song an overpowering sense of grandeur .
As new recording artists , the sense of excitement and passion for the art reflects in the flickering of Ariana and Amrina 's eyes , and innocence that is radiating and pure adding further to the allure of this untapped genre of folk music making its debut on Coke Studio Explorer .
Ever wonder what to do with those leftovers in your refrigerator ? Well , Chef Sam Choy always seems to know how to turn them into something new and exciting .
This Sunday , Chef Sam and John Veneri will visit the Kepo ` o Family in Kapolei . Sam helps them with their leftovers after receiving an anonymous tip on KHON2.com . He creates a delicious appetizer with leftover Korean food and john sings karaoke .
It 's a fun episode featuring :
-Taegu Lettuce Wraps
-Steak Ziti
-Salad with Pizza Croutons
Here 's Sam Choy 's cooking secret to how to clean and prepare lettuce !
Do n't forget to tune into Sam Choy 's in the Kitchen every Sunday at 6:30 p.m .
0
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle turned out to be a massive , surprise hit for Sony . While I 'm sure the studio thought it would do well , no one expected it to go toe-to-toe with Star Wars : The Last Jedi and end up as the studio 's highest domestic grossing film of all-time ( it barely beat out 2002 's Spider-Man for the title ) . So it 's no surprise that the studio is moving full steam ahead on a sequel .
Last night at CinemaCon , Sony Pictures head Tom Rothman confirmed that a sequel to Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is set for Christmas 2019 . That will put it up against Star Wars yet again ( this time it will be J.J. Abrams ' Star Wars : Episode IX ) as well as the big-screen adaptation of the popular musical Wicked . Rothman also confirmed that Dwayne Johnson was set to return , although there 's no word yet if co-stars Kevin Hart , Jack Black , and Karen Gillan will also be on board , although previous reports indicated that they would be back as well . We also do n't know if the sequel plans to bring back to the teenagers .
The script is currently being written by Scott Rosenberg and Jeff Pinkner , but no director is currently attached . Jake Kasdan ( Walk Hard : The Dewey Cox Story ) helmed Welcome to the Jungle , but we do n't know if Sony is angling to bring him back for another installment or if Kasdan is even interested .
Where would you like to see the sequel go ? For me , it seems like the natural evolution is to blend the two movies , creating a fish-out-of-water comedy where the avatars have their “ natural ” personalities , but they have to be guided around our world by the teenage characters who are familiar with the avatars . Then other things start popping out of the game , so you kind of have a riff on the first Jumanji , but this time there are people who are more comfortable battling rhinos except they 're completely baffled by our modern world .
Sound off about what you 'd like to see in Jumanji 3 in the comments !
The Vintage Voices Community Committee has chosen eight sites with ten characters who were influential to Alton 's history during the turn of the century . Loretta Williams will portray May Olive Gillham and Diana Kay will join her as Bertha Whitney - both ladies were inspiring teachers . Kerry Miller will portray James M. Maupin - a prominent architect with many historic homes still standing in the Alton area . Gail Drillinger will portray Mrs. Henry Watson - philanthropist who donated the land for Riverfront Park . Adam King will portray Mr. William Luecth , a WWI veteran , while Shawn Williams and Lorenzo Small take on the roles of featured soldiers Capt . Arnold Wilson Cisco and 2nd Lt. George Edward Cisco . Both men were Tuskegee Airmen and highlight a significant piece of American History . David Boase will then take on the role of `` historian '' as Andrew Carnegie and enlighten visitors about the history of the Library System . Parker Grassle will portray Nick Taneakas , a young drowning victim who reminds us of the powerful forces in Mother Nature and finally , John Meehan portrays Richard Galbaly , a glassblower who represented Illinois Glass at an exhibition in Paris , France .
MARK YOUR CALENDARS TO ENJOY A FALL WALK THROUGH THE BEAUTIFUL AND MAJESTIC ALTON CEMETERY AS ALTON 'S RICH HISTORY COMES TO LIFE !
October 7th & 8th - October 14th and 15th from 11:30am to 2:45pm .
A special , non-walking tour will be at Alton Little Theater Friday , October 13th at 5pm ( in the auditorium with wine and cheese reception ) .
Tickets are $ 15 for Adults , $ 10 for Students Under 18 , $ 20 for Non-Walking Tour
Tickets are sold through the Alton Regional Convention & Visitors Bureau , during ALT 's live operator box office and at the main gate .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Air Transport Services Group Inc :
* ATI REACHES TENTATIVE AGREEMENT WITH PILOTS ' UNION
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP - UNIT AIR TRANSPORT INTERNATIONALREACHED TENTATIVE AGREEMENT TO AMEND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING DEAL WITH ITS PILOTS GROUP
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP - ‍TERMS OF TENTATIVE AMENDED AGREEMENT WERE NOT DISCLOSED​
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP INC - TENTATIVE AMENDED AGREEMENT WOULD EXTEND FOR FOUR YEARS FROM DATE OF RATIFICATION BY ATI PILOTS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Chandigarh : Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh Wednesday wrote to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh recommending death penalty for first-time drug smugglers and peddlers , an official spokesperson said .
The decision to send a formal recommendation to the Centre to initiate the process of amending the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance ( NDPS ) Act , 1985 , was taken on Monday in a Punjab Cabinet meeting chaired by the chief minister .
In his letter , Amarinder Singh stressed on the need to strengthen the existing enforcement measures to provide for more deterrent punishment to the offenders .
The Punjab chief minister pointed out that the NDPS Act , in its current form , provides for death penalty if certain offences are committed twice .
This , the chief minister said , meant that a person can get away with these offences at least once , causing substantial damage to the youth and the society .
This should not be allowed and death penalty should be awarded to first-time offenders for offences elaborated in Section 31A of the NDPS Act , Amarinder Singh further said in the letter .
He added his government felt that resultant deterrence of provision of death penalty in the Act would help in effectively containing , if not eliminating , the drug peddlers and mafia .
Apprising Rajnath Singh of the magnitude of the drug problem in Punjab , Amarinder Singh said drug dealing and peddling had caused serious strains on Punjab 's human and economic resources .
These , he said , were obstacles in the state 's socio-economic development .
`` The menace of drugs is affecting the present generation of youth not only in Punjab but also in the neighbouring states , '' Amarinder Singh pointed out .
He urged Rajnath Singh to advise the concerned officials in the Union home ministry to pursue the Punjab government 's proposal to amend the NDPS Act to save the youth and the society from the menace of drugs .
Amarinder Singh also elaborated on the various measures undertaken by his government to enforce the existing laws against drug abuse and for rehabilitation and de-addiction .
He said the intensive action plan executed by his government over the last year has resulted in the arrest of 18,977 drug peddlers and treatment of two lakh people .
According to the letter , more than 3,977 NDPS convicts and 5,610 NDPS undertrials are in different prisons of the state .
The letter further said that the state government had undertaken a mass awareness initiative , Drug Abuse Prevention Officers ( DAPO ) programme .
The programme is aimed at ensuring effective participation of the civil society in the prevention of drug abuse in the state , the letter said .
Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the Statue of Liberty 's pedestal on the Fourth of July have been arrested , and authorities say a person is scaling the statue 's base .
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue 's foot Wednesday afternoon . Willis says police are atop the base , advising the climber to go down .
Photo courtesty of Twitter user @ HelloDannyOwens
It 's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration .
Willis says at least six people were taken into custody then . He says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument .
The banner said `` Abolish I.C.E. , '' referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security . ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally , among other duties .
Photo courtesy of Twitter user @ HelloDannyOwens
Protester attempts to scale the Statue of Liberty in New York , prompts evacuation
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
`` All the applicants figure we can do better than what they scored us , '' said Jim Watson , general manager of the Sites Project Authority . `` We always assumed we would have to use an appeal '' to fully explain the proposal 's water management plans .
The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump 's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military . Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban .
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical , medical and mental conditions that make it possible , though difficult , for them to join the armed services .
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles . The Department of Defense also is studying the issue .
Thane : Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Saturday advised citizens to pay their legitimate taxes as doing so will help the government in funding nation-building projects and providing various facilities to them .
The government gets its income from taxes paid by citizens . Hence , it was the responsibility of citizens to not evade taxes and pay them promptly , she said .
`` It is from the taxes collected ( from people ) that the government meets its expenses and provides facilities to citizens , '' the veteran parliamentarian maintained .
Mahajan was speaking after inaugurating a two-day annual conference of a local branch of the Rotary Club , `` Tarangan Discon 2018 '' , here .
The Lok Sabha Speaker urged every citizen to work towards nation-building and make the country strong .
Lauding the work done by the Rotary Club , she said wholesome and adequate food should be provided to the needy as this would help in building a healthy society .
Mahajan called for measures to protect the environment and suggested launching a massive afforestation drive .
Programmes should be undertaken to educate the youths of the country on various aspects of nation-building , she said .
Mahajan urged the club to focus on tackling the issue of anaemia , a medical condition characterised by abnormally low levels of haemoglobin in the blood , especially among women .
DHAKA ( Reuters ) - Akayed Ullah , the man suspected of trying to bomb New York City 's Port Authority , had no criminal record in Bangladesh and last visited his home country in September , Bangladesh 's police chief told Reuters on Monday . Police gather outside a house in the Brooklyn borough , while they investigate an earlier incident of the reported explosion at the New York Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan , in New York City , New York , U.S. December 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas JacksonInspector General of Police A K M Shahidul Hoque said the information was based on the man 's passport number . The man was from the southeastern Bangladeshi district of Chittagong , Haque said . He last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8 . Ullah , who had a homemade bomb strapped to his body , set off an explosion at a New York commuter hub during rush hour , injuring himself and three others in what New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted terrorist attack . He had burns and lacerations while three other people , including a police officer , had minor injuries .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
CLOSE The new Kimpton Rowan hotel is almost ready to open . Take a sneak peek here . Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun
YIP YOPS play Pappy & Harriet 's in 2014 . ( Photo : Desert Sun file photo )
If anything might appeal to young folks , it 's an outdoor concert with performances by two local bands that have performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival , accompanied by a pyrotechnics show .
The free concert on Thursday featuring the YIP YOPS and The Flusters , in collaboration with Goldenvoice , is part of an elaborate event to help celebrate the improvements and changes going on in the downtown which includes the recent opening of the seven-story The Rowan hotel .
It 's also a way to appeal to the millennials and help shed the image of a gray Palm Springs .
“ Slowly the perception has changed and we are now experiencing a renaissance and getting the younger generation here . As you know , the LA Times recently dubbed Palm Springs , 'the capital of cool , ' ” said Amy Blaisdell , communications director with the city , via e-mail .
“ Palm Springs is one of the most inclusive cities in the country , and we want the younger generation to know they too are welcome here and that the newly revitalized downtown is for them , too . ”
Buy Photo The rooftop pool at the top of the new Kimpton Rowan Hotel in downtown Palm Springs . ( Photo : Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )
READ MORE : Ice cream coffee drinks and rare brews : What makes the new Starbucks Reserve bar so special
The five-hour event , which will occur partially during VillageFest , kicks off at 4 p.m. with a ribbon-cutting and time-capsule ceremony to celebrate the opening of a new street in front of the Palm Springs Art Museum and the downtown public improvements .
It will be followed by musical performances and a 30-minute firework show presented by philanthropist and businessman Harold Matzner . Palm Springs Unified School District students involved in Digicom Learning also will be there to chronicle the event with a video that will premiere at a later date .
Kimpton The Rowan Palm Springs will host its own official ribbon-cutting at 11 a.m. Thursday .
With a history steeped in Hollywood glamour where the glitterati of decades past came to unwind and eventually buy homes , The Flusters frontman Dougie VanSant said he 's pumped to play the Palm Springs event and be part of its renaissance celebration .
Friday : The Flusters , led by Dougie VanSant ( center front ) coming to The Hood . ( Photo : Submitted )
The Palm Desert resident can appreciate the city wanting to appeal to the younger demographics and sees that already happening .
“ Palm Springs is kind of like that place where LA people go , ” he said . “ The LA appeal of let 's get to this cool place is definitely there . ”
The Flusters , who just released a new single called `` Everyday Dreaming '' and has a new EP coming out in early 2018 , have a retro vibe described as “ dream surf ” or “ retro pop. ” Their sound appeals to a wide demographic so their audience is quite diverse , said VanSant . He looks forward to sharing their music and all Palm Springs has to offer with their dedicated fan base and anyone else who shows up .
“ It 's an extremely unique place , ” he said . `` This is probably the coolest way possible to ribbon cut . ''
READ MORE : I got to tour The Rowan Palm Springs which opens Friday , and spoiler alert : It 's pretty darn cool
Buy Photo The corner of Main St. and Palm Canyon Dr. in downtown Palm Springs , November 20 , 2017 . ( Photo : Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )
The seven-story , 153-room The Rowan hotel opened Nov. 17 and is one of the major anchors of the massive $ 400 million downtown redevelopment project which replaces the former Desert Fashion Plaza shopping mall fronting North Palm Canyon Drive . West Elm , Starbucks Reserve and Blaze Pizza have also opened within the project , but a lot still remains to be built .
The Virgin Hotel , another large piece of the redevelopment project puzzle was just approved by the City Council in late November and several other elements such as the relocation of the Albert Frey designed Aluminaire House and a public park are still in the works . More retail such as Johnny Was , H & M , Free People , Tommy Bahamas and Il Corso restaurant are also set to come online eventually filling out some of the retail spaces along Palm Canyon Drive .
READ MORE : Virgin Hotel project moves forward , but without Palm Springs ' ability to 'claw back ' tax rebate
Buy Photo Block A of the downtown revitalization project in Palm Springs on February 14 , 2017 . ( Photo : Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )
Palm Springs business owner Cherise Sonderman said it 's exciting to see the progress in downtown Palm Springs and as a member of the Academy of Musical Performances Board of Director 's , she 's happy to partner with the city and provide some input on the celebration .
“ They are really looking to capture that younger audience , ” she said . And the YIP YOPS and The Flusters will help do exactly that , she added .
Her two young sons , Jake , 15 and Luke 12 , perform in a band called Minor Emergency who will also perform at the event , prior to the other two bands .
“ All of these bands have a following of younger people that will come out to see them , ” said Sonderman . “ I really feel like the audience in Palm Springs will enjoy it . They will bring out their crowds … enjoy the show and see what 's going on in this new part of Palm Springs . ”
If you go :
Downtown Revitalization Project Celebration
The public is invited to help Palm Springs celebrate downtown redevelopment project improvements from 4 to 9 p.m. Thursday on the new street facing the Palm Springs Art Museum located behind Kimpton The Rowan hotel . The event is presented by the city and the Palm Springs Chamber of Commerce in partnership with the Academy of Musical Performance , Goldenvoice and P.S Resorts .
Schedule of events :
4 p.m. Ribbon-cutting and time capsule dedication .
5 p.m. Minor Emergency perform
6 p.m . The Flusters perform
7:30 p.m Fireworks show
8 p.m. YIP YOPS perform
Read or Share this story : http : //desert.sn/2Be6XrM
Do n't dodge this wrench . Ben Stiller has reassembled his `` Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story '' teammates and he wants you to join them — for charity .
In a video to promote an Omaze campaign , White Goodman ( Stiller ) appears in his familiar Globo Gym uniform to lament the changing times as he challenges viewers to test their dodgeball skills with him .
Fans of the 2004 film will recall that Goodman was the smarmy bully CEO of a fitness empire taken down at a dodgeball tournament ( televised on `` the Ocho '' ) by Peter LaFleur ( Vince Vaughn ) and his Average Joes team .
It only makes sense that the Average Joes are back to knock Goodman down a peg again in his charity efforts . Peter , Kate ( Christine Taylor ) and Justin ( Justin Long ) interrupt Goodman 's pitch with a counter offer : Join the Average Joes instead .
The campaign supports the Stiller Foundation , which provides children around the world with educational opportunities .
Watch the video ( which contains some adult language ) below . For more details on how you can join Globo Gym or the Average Joes to test your mastery of the five Ds of dodgeball , head over to the Omaze campaign 's website .
0:16 Police officer fired after punching man in handcuffs Pause
0:39 A solemn souvenir of imprisonment in their own country
1:12 Historic parallels between Japanese American and Muslim communities
0:42 Misao 'Missy ' Hikiji recalls being held prisoner by her own country
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville Dam emergency in California
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
0
In March 2017 , Joss Whedon was brought on to write , direct , and produce a Batgirl movie for Warner Bros . In that same year , he also directed Justice League , Justice League was poorly received , and Wonder Woman surpassed the studio 's expectations to be one of the biggest hits of the year . In February 2018 , he exited Batgirl saying he “ did n't have a story. ” Some fans were outraged that he could be on the project for so long with no story , but that claim always had a ring of hyperbole to it .
Now Whedon has provided a bit of clarification . On the red carpet yesterday for Avengers : Infinity War , Whedon says he did have a story , but that it became difficult to tell that story with so much changing at the studio in the year he was attached :
Joss Whedon explains why he left the “ Batgirl ” movie ( Watch ) https : //t.co/tIV7Qvsnen pic.twitter.com/yjJ2F7CqAj — Variety ( @ Variety ) April 24 , 2018
“ I felt it had been a year since I first pitched a story . A lot happened in that year , and I felt some of the elements might not work as well , and the story just kind of crumbled in my hands because there were elements I just had n't mastered , and after a long time I felt like I was n't going to . So I told people I did n't have an idea , which is n't the exact truth . I had an idea , and it just did n't fit in the space that was left for it . It was a little heartbreaking because I was so excited about it , but I 'm working on something of my own , and there 's nothing more exciting than that . ”
I 'm inclined to believe Whedon simply because we 've all seen the upheaval at DC and how they seem to radically change direction . In March 2016 , they released the dark-and-gritty Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and just three years later you 'll have the ridiculously upbeat Shazam ! hitting theaters . It 's easy to see that the studio was headed in one direction when Whedon pitched his story , and then that story became impossible when the studio changed directions .
As for the current status of Batgirl , the script is being handled by Unforgettable screenwriter Christina Hodson with the current plan to introduce Batgirl into the Harley Quinn spinoff Birds of Prey before giving Batgirl her solo movie .
LOS ANGELES — Southwest Airlines apologized Tuesday to the Cal women 's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb after she claimed an airline employee stopped her from boarding because the worker did n't believe her 1-year-old biracial son was hers .
@ SouthwestAir she 1st asked for proof with birth certificate . She then said it 's a “ federal law ” ( not true ) but asked me to prove I 'm mother with Facebook post.What ? ? Mother next to me said she 's never been asked for proof despite diff last name .. not shockingly , not mixed face fam — Lindsay Gottlieb ( @ CalCoachG ) May 28 , 2018
A desk agent questioned Gottlieb ahead of a flight from Denver to Oakland Sunday , saying she “ had to ‘ prove ' that he was my son , despite having his passport , ” Gottlieb said in a series of tweets .
“ She said because we have different last name . My guess is because he has a different skin color , ” Gottlieb tweeted Monday . The head coach from the University of California , Berkeley was traveling with her fiance , Patrick Martin , the boy 's father , who is black .
WATCH : Passenger on American Airlines argues with staff over beer before starting fight
Airlines are n't required to match the last name of a child and guardian for domestic flights .
“ We have reached out to Ms. Gottlieb directly to address her concerns and will utilize the situation as a coaching opportunity for our Employee , ” Southwest said in a statement . “ We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention . ”
Gottlieb said Tuesday that the encounter was hurtful , but she appreciates Southwest 's apology .
WATCH : Sunwing passengers still without luggage
“ I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say ‘ Hey , this is n't ok , ' ” Gottlieb said in a statement to The Associated Press . “ I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how ‘ traditional ' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect . ”
Gottlieb , Martin and their child were eventually allowed to board .
Home | Direct | Dashboard | About us
Unless otherwise noted our website is using photographs from FreeDigitalPhotos.net and Wikipedia under their respective licenses
Copyright © 2015 . All Rights Reserved .
Gao Jisheng , chairman and founder of Lander Sports , attends an annual meeting of Zhejiang Entrepreneurs Association in Hangzhou , Zhejiang province , China January 25 , 2017 . Picture taken January 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stringer/Files
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Chinese businessman Jisheng Gao has completed a takeover of Southampton , club owner Katharina Liebherr said in a letter to fans on Monday .
`` Following extensive and fruitful work , we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together , '' Liebherr said .
Although no details of the deal were released , local media reported that Gao had purchased an 80 per cent stake for around 210 million pounds ( $ 272.69 million ) and that Liebherr would retain a 20 percent share .
Liebherr said she had built up a close relationship with Gao 's daughter Nelly Gao , who local media reported will join the Southampton board .
Gao , 64 , is the founder , chairman and CEO of Lander Sports Development Co Ltd .
The Premier League approved the takeover by Gao 's company in June , and the deal takes to 28 the number of European clubs now under Chinese ownership .
Seven of those are British : West Bromwich Albion , Birmingham City , Aston Villa , Wolves , Reading and Northampton are the others , with Manchester City also 13 per cent owned by Chinese .
However the Chinese government has expressed disapproval at what it calls `` irrational '' overseas purchases and has tightened restrictions on capital leaving China .
Mainland banks were instructed not to let property developer Dalian Wanda – which owns a stake in Atletico Madrid – refinance or inject assets into some of its offshore subsidiaries .
( $ 1 = 0.7712 pounds )
( $ 1 = 0.7701 pounds )
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
Ilya Kovalchuk has Hall-of-Fame numbers . He would 've easily accumulated 1,000 points had he not retired after the 2012-13 season with the New Jersey Devils . After spending nearly five years away from the NHL , is Kovalchuk ready to slide in and be a top-six forward on a nightly basis for any of the 31 teams in the NHL ?
One thing that is clear is that the NHL has changed dramatically since Kovalchuk last stepped on an NHL ice surface . Evolution in the NHL has started to take place , as we see teams leaning more towards speed and skill and less on fighting . The good news is that Kovalchuk still has enough speed and skill to be a quality contributor .
Home Sweet Home
Many criticized Kovalchuk for bailing on the Devils after the 2012-13 season . Kovalchuk walked away from a deal that would 've paid $ 100 million over 15 years . During the 2012-13 lockout , Kovalchuk signed on with powerhouse SKA St. Petersburg in the KHL and was immediately named the captain of the club .
Kovalchuk became immersed in Russian culture back home and felt comfortable that season . After pouring in 42 points in 36 games that season in Russia , it was clear that he was superior to the competition . SKA enjoyed a 38-win season and fell just short of the Gagarin Cup finals during the NHL-shortened season .
Once the NHL reported back to work and agreed on a 48-game season , players were instructed to rejoin their clubs . Kovalchuk was n't completely ready for that . While almost all the players reported back to their NHL clubs , he and countryman Pavel Datsyuk stayed in Russia for the KHL All-Star game . After the All-Star festivities concluded , Kovalchuk reported back to New Jersey .
Kovalchuk 's Devils did not make the playoffs that season despite his 31 points in 37 games . On July 11 , 2013 , Kovalchuk informed the NHL that he was taking his talents back home to Russia and rejoined SKA on a four-year deal worth a reported $ 15 million per season , as reported by Dave Stubbs .
After contemplating a move back to the NHL this past offseason , Kovalchuk decided to stay put another season in Saint Petersburg . In Kovalchuk 's five years with the club , the team has played 290 regular season games and won 202 of them . The club has won two Gagarin Cups in that five-year span , and Kovalchuk has posted 287 points in 264 regular-season games .
Should the Rangers Inquire ?
Why should n't the Rangers sit down with Kovalchuk on July 1 ? The Rangers have to face reality . They 're likely not winning a Stanley Cup next year , as well as this year . The Rangers have emphasized youth , but as Larry Brooks of the New York Post suggests , they will not trot out a bunch of “ young lambs ” to be slaughtered during the 2018-19 season .
Based on this information from Brooks , the Rangers are going to need some veteran presence in their lineup as they look to re-enter the playoffs next season . First , the Rangers must consider whether Kovalchuk is worthy of one of these leadership roles . Kovalchuk had been sent home during the 2016 KHL playoffs for “ poor performance ” by then-head coach Sergei Zubov .
The next season , Kovalchuk finished second in points while hoisting the Gagarin Cup in April . He clearly rebounded from the benching the prior season and ripped up the KHL .
With Chris Kreider being the only legitimate top-six left winger on the roster , the Rangers would be foolish to pass on the opportunity . If the team does n't mind throwing a bunch of kids out there to get shelled , then so be it . At that point , it would be appropriate to pass on Kovalchuk . However , if the club deems themselves competitive next year then they must consider Kovalchuk on a two or three-year deal .
How Much Money Will Kovalchuk Command ?
The Rangers ' signing of Kovalchuk will largely depend on what he prioritizes . With reports swirling regarding Kovalchuk 's interest in playing in New York , would he be willing to accept a three-year deal at most ? Let 's look at some comparables for Kovalchuk .
SKA teammate Evgenii Dadonov signed a three-year deal worth $ 4 million annually with the Florida Panthers this past offseason . Dadonov was 29 and was about to begin his second stint in the NHL . Dadonov came up as a highly-touted prospect that did n't live up to the hype right away . The skill was there but the all-around game was not . Twenty points in 55 games sent him packing to the KHL where he learned to become a better all-around player . Dadonov was able to earn a solid contract this past offseason with the team he was originally drafted by in 2007 .
Alexander Radulov is a perfect example of Dadonov . A player whose skill was as good as anybody else 's but needed more seasoning and lacked maturity , Radulov left the U.S. after the 2012 NHL playoffs and signed on with CSKA of the KHL . Radulov learned more responsibility and eventually became a more mature player that dominated games nightly over in Russia .
Radulov 's four-year KHL stint post-Nashville was impressive , to say the least . After compiling 238 points in 181 regular season games , it was time to try his hand at the NHL again . Radulov earned a one-year deal worth $ 5.75 million with the Montreal Canadiens and impressed the fan base with his maturity .
The Final Verdict
The fact of the matter is this : Dadonov was 28 when he signed the three-year deal with Florida . Radulov was 29 when he signed his one-year deal to join Montreal . One earned $ 4 million on a three-year deal while the other earned a rich one-year deal for $ 5.75 million . Neither had the numbers at the NHL level that Kovalchuk did .
The problem for Kovalchuk is that he turns 35 years old in April . Will a team go beyond three years for him ? Will a team pay for his past and the name ? Kovalchuk should have no problem finding a two-year deal . The cost will differ depending on the team . The Rangers should n't commit to anything more than a three-year marriage with Kovalchuk at $ 6 million per . If what we have heard about the Rangers being interested is true , then they probably already have an idea of how much he will command .
DECEMBER 11 , 2017 — The refurbishment and modernization of the Finnish Environment Institute 's ( SYKE ) marine research vessel Aranda , is currently underway at the Rauma Marine Constructions shipyard .
The 28-year-old Aranda is to receive a seven-meter extension and is being upgraded with a diesel-electric hybrid propulsion system .
While the conventional shafting is being retained , an electrically powered Schottel Pump Jet ( SPJ ) of type SPJ 132 RD will be installed as a new auxiliary propulsion unit .
It features an input power of 400 kW , is installed flush with the bottom of the research vessel and provides maximum thrust over the full 360° range , with no resistance , even in shallow water .
Besides the propulsion assistance provided by the auxiliary drive , the SPJ is also used for dynamic positioning with an accuracy of half a meter .
The resilient mounting means that the steel and cast-iron structure of the pump jet is completely isolated from the vessel 's hull , thus eliminating high-frequency excitations . In addition to extremely quiet operation , this property is a prerequisite for undisturbed seismic measurements , which will be one of the many tasks of the research vessel .
Schottel Pump Jet prior to shipment
The Liberal majority on the Nova Scotia legislature 's public accounts committee is being accused of providing political cover for the government after it refused to call recently audited departments to testify .
Progressive Conservative Tim Houston is seeking to have officials questioned in June about issues raised in Tuesday 's report from Auditor General Michael Pickup .
READ MORE : Nova Scotia has yet to decide on new contract with company in charge of breached FOIPOP portal
Pickup had urged that they be brought before the committee “ sooner rather than later . ”
But Liberal committee member Gordon Wilson says officials from departments such as justice have agreed to move on Pickup 's recommendations and he does n't see the need to bring them in immediately , adding that he has “ no questions . ”
Houston says he does have questions , and says it 's clear the government does n't want to talk about the issues raised in Pickup 's report .
READ MORE : N.S . auditor general report rips corrections training , child support collection shortcomings
The Liberals had also blocked a Houston motion earlier this month to have officials from the Internal Services Department appear to discuss what the government maintains was a breach of the province 's freedom of information web portal .
Houston says the Liberals are operating on flawed logic when they cite an ongoing audit for not calling Internal Services officials and then reject an opportunity to discuss a just completed audit with other departments .
For people that are supposed to be exceedingly competent businessmen , National Hockey League owners sure do make some fascinating choices . Look no further than Peter Karmanos Jr. , majority owner of the Carolina Hurricanes . Formerly chief executive officer at Compuware , Karmanos joined the NHL ownership ranks in 1994 , as part of the group that purchased the rudderless Hartford Whalers .
Now , an NHL team is a risky investment for anyone ( how many of them actually make money , do y'reckon ? ) , but Karmanos had been involved in hockey his entire life . The Whalers were a disappointment on the ice , especially following the boneheaded trade of superstar centre Ron Francis , and struggling mightily off it , due to the small size of the Hartford market and the lack of an NHL-calibre arena . So why , then , would Karmanos buy in ?
And especially why , three seasons later , would he choose to move the team to Raleigh , North Carolina ( renaming them the Carolina Hurricanes ) , a city far from a slam-dunk for relocation success ? More to the point , Raleigh 's brand-new arena was so new that it would n't even be ready for another two years , forcing the team to play out of nearby Greensboro . And when I say “ nearby , ” I mean , an hour and a half away . Needless to say , the move did n't exactly help the team 's attendance .
The Hurricanes have stumbled along ever since , making the playoffs only five times in 19 seasons post-relocation , including missing the dance eight straight times going into 2017-18 . Yes , they did manage a Stanley Cup in the free-for-all that was 2005-06 , but the ‘ Canes have never really had any prolonged period of competitiveness , something even their bumbling predecessors managed .
Carolina Hurricanes Storm Warning
To be fair , the ‘ Canes did have a tough act to follow in the uniform department . For all the Whalers ' faults , nearly everyone agrees the team had some truly sweet duds , centred by one of the most artistically brilliant logos to ever grace an NHL jersey .
The Hurricanes , though sticking with the seafaring theme , completely redesigned the team 's look . Gone was the blue , green and silver colour scheme , replaced by red , black and silver . Gone , too was the Whalers crest , replaced instead by a swirling hurricane .
The Hurricanes take a lot of flak for their logo , but I think it looks good ; nice and aggressive . The shape reminds me of Sonic the Hedgehog in full flight . Yes , it is a bit blunt , especially considering the complex brilliance of its predecessor . However , I think most of the hate comes not on account of its own design , but because it replaced a beloved icon of sports logodom .
As for the rest of the uniforms , they were reasonably well thought-out , too . After choosing traditional striping patterns for the sleeves and socks , the ‘ Canes broke with the blandness of hockey custom and went with a hurricane warning flag motif for a tail stripe . I think it works better on the red jerseys than the whites ( it 's left to float about on the latter , while it is sandwiched and secured nicely on the former ) , but I love it , nonetheless . The italicised name and number font works well , too , congruent with the impression of movement the primary logo communicates .
Nevertheless , one thing I really take issue with is this kit 's lack of consistency . The tail striping utilises a five-stripe pattern , while the sleeves use three stripes , as do the socks ( though in a different arrangement ) , with the collar getting two . The application of silver is similarly spotty , with the red jerseys getting more of it than the whites , and the socks receiving none at all . I would also have liked to see black pants used for the red kit , for purposes of better contrast .
Speaking of ruining a good idea with sloppy execution , take a look at that shoulder patch . The team 's secondary logo also utilises the hurricane warning flag , with a singular flag mounted on a hockey stick , the two straining together against the ( hurricane-force , presumably ) wind . Not bad , right ?
Well , one , the singular flag , technically , represents “ storm warning , ” not “ hurricane warning , ” somewhat lessening its impact . And two , the whole thing is mounted on a black triangle , supposedly symbolising North Carolina 's Research Triangle . ‘ Cause yeah , that 's what people want to be reminded of when they put on their hockey jersey .
So , the Hurricanes had a few good design ideas they then ruined with overengineering . Or maybe they did n't put enough effort in and underengineered them . Or maybe the engineers just were n't competent in the first place . Whatever . The jersey engineering on the Hurricanes ' inaugural kit is intriguing but , ultimately , sub-par .
Carolina Hurricanes at the Reebok Edge of Reason
With the exception of a black outline added to the player names a couple seasons in , the ‘ Canes ' kits remained exactly the same for a decade . However , the 2007-08 rollout of the Reebok Edge uniform system resulted in many a team making unneeded , often detrimental changes to their uniforms . The Hurricanes were no different , further muddling an already flawed design .
As you can see , none of the flaws of either the home or away uniforms were addressed . Instead , you know that vertical piping everyone was adding to their jerseys at the time ? Well , the 'Canes turned it into shoulder yokes . Or , rather , the outline of shoulder yokes . Actual shoulder yokes might have looked cool – especially on the white jerseys , but the Hurricanes felt an outline was sufficient .
It is not . It only serves to further complicate an already confused cacophony of confuddlement .
Carolina Hurricanes One-Step Forward , Two Steps Black
In 2013 , the Hurricanes debuted a black alternate kit , with the almost-hurricane flag crest front and centre , and the swirling hurricane relegated to shoulder duty . Interestingly , the ‘ Canes chose to go with the wacky , wavy sock striping of Reebok Edge for their alternate uniform , after ( wisely ) ignoring it in their home and away ensembles . They even changed the amount and order of the sock stripes , though this alteration is at least in line with the changes to the sleeve and tail striping . The Hurricanes finally saw fit to make all their striping elements consistent , a decision from which this kit benefitted greatly .
Unfortunately , Carolina proceeded to ruin this progress with yet another head-scratching decision : greying out the hurricane flag motif and shoulder logos . This tragic overestimation of “ silver ” ( grey ) deadens what could have been a staggeringly good black kit – few and far between in the NHL .
If the ‘ Canes are going to bring this uniform back after the ADIZERO moratorium on third jerseys is lifted , I would recommend they use colourised secondary crests to make the shoulders pop , and swap the silver and red tail stripes to emphasise the hurricane flag design . The latter change would also bring the tail striping more completely in line with the sleeves , socks and collar , with red on top and silver underneath . Oh , and fix those socks , too .
Fortunately , the Hurricanes finally decided to switch to black helmets and black pants . Unfortunately , this decision applied to their black jerseys . To make their outfits even more punchy , they could use the team 's red helmets and pants with the black jerseys for some added contrast , likewise putting the black helmets and pants to use in the red kit .
Carolina Hurricanes Downgraded to Tropical Storm
What 's that saying , “ Be careful what you wish for ? ” Hurricane fans sure must have been thinking that when the team brought out their redesigned kits for the 2013-14 season . The black alternate remained in the rotation , unchanged , but the home reds and road whites were both given complete overhauls . And not for the better .
The home uniform is thoroughly boring , with two thin , white stripes adorning the tail , sleeves and socks . Consistent , yes , but utterly devoid of any thought , care or artistic merit whatsoever . The most interesting thing about it is the lace-up collar , which is black – the only instance of black colouration on the jersey , save for a thin font outline . While we 're on the topic of font , even that manages to be boring ; tall , slender lettering that would be more at home on a road sign than an NHL jersey . There 's just nothing about this uniform that evokes any sort of emotion or communicates any sort of passion . No wonder nobody goes to ‘ Canes games anymore .
It 's more of the same with the away kit . True , gapped , slim-thick-slim striping can be found on the tail , sleeves and socks , giving the uniform more complexity than its home equivalent . However , the squared-off shoulder yokes look cookie-cutter and robotic , and the V-neck collar looks downright amateurish . Different , yes . But still staggeringly uninteresting .
The old uniforms , though irritating in many ways , were undoubtedly interesting and had some excellent design features . Their replacements look as though they were designed by a computer algorithm – or maybe an alien given only the vaguest description of a hockey jersey , rather than by a human being with , you know , eyes . And a heart .
Carolina Hurricanes Gaining Strength
But never fear , for Adidas ' ADIZERO programme is upon us , and it has benefitted the Hurricanes ' uniform set greatly . Well , half of it , anyway . Actually , only a third . Whatever . Shut up .
Yes , the black alternates are no more . And yes , the road sweaters stay the exact same ( what , did they run out of money ? I mean , this is the Hurricanes we 're talking about… ) .
But that red home uniform… Boy , is that ever a sight for sore , uninspired eyes . The same basic two-stripe template has been retained but , this time , the thin white stripes are flanked by black . The top stripe is joined by a thin black band , while the lower stripe has a thick , chunky black stripe on its southern border . This addition of more black makes the black collar finally make sense . The hurricane warning pattern returns , too , although it is somewhat muted and restricted to the tail striping .
This jersey is not without warts . The thin black stripe is probably not needed . I 'd like to see a full-impact hurricane flag design , rather than the washed-out colouration they 've gone with . The hurricane patterning should also be extended to the sleeves and possibly even the socks . The helmets and pants would make the kit look much more striking if they were black . Oh , and the font still sucks .
But hey , much like the Hurricanes as a team , their uniforms are finally pointing in the right direction . If they can follow up their new home kit with an equivalent for the road , and maybe even bring out an improved edition of the black alternates , the ‘ Canes might just have the best dressed-contending wardrobe to suit their soon-to-be Stanley Cup-contending team .
Carolina Hurricanes Climate Change ?
It 's a real shame the Hurricanes have n't had any sustained success , as they do draw fans – Caniacs , in fact – when they 're winning . Or , you know , at least not terrible . The team has just been so offensively ( and goaltendingly ) starved the past few seasons that they 've become absolutely dreadful to watch . Can you blame people for not going ?
But help is on the way , with a soon-to-be all-world defense corps and a bevy of promising young forwards . If netminding acquisition Scott Darling is ready for a starter 's role , look for the ‘ Canes to make the playoffs this season . No doubt their fans will return , and they 'll be treated to a team that looks as good as it plays .
On home ice , at least .
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the “ demon ” in a locked room , a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children .
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney , tackled by sheriff 's deputies and hauled out of court . He later apologized , saying he had lost control . Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “ no way ” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers .
“ I do n't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom . I ca n't imagine that , ” the judge said .
Nonetheless , she added , it is “ not acceptable that we combat assault with assault . ”
“ I can not tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , ” Cunningham said .
RELATED : U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence , victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar , who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment . This case focuses on his work at Twistars , an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing . It follows a hearing last week where Nassar , 54 , was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home .
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties , but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during Nassar 's decades of work at Michigan State , Twistars and USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians . More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties , and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified .
Margraves ' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes . Lauren Margraves , a college student , said her parents were “ filled with regret ” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries .
RELATED : U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“ I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they ca n't , ” she told Nassar . “ The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “ five minutes in a locked room with this demon. ” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “ one minute. ” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar .
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “ use your words , ” not violence .
“ This is letting him have this power over us , ” she said . “ We can not behave like this . ”
During a return to court , Margraves told the judge that he just snapped . He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse .
“ I look over here and Larry Nassar 's shaking his head , no , like it did n't happen . … I 'm embarrassed , ” Margraves said of his conduct . “ I 'm not here to upstage my daughters . I 'm here to help them heal . ”
About 30 more people spoke in person , by video or had statements read after the incident . The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor , defence and Nassar , followed by the judge 's sentence . Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case .
Outside court , Melissa Alexander Vigogne , who travelled from France to speak , said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier .
“ It 's not that that 's how we should respond . But it 's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we 've all gone through , ” Vigogne said of Margraves ' actions .
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor .
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar . Cunningham called Shannon Smith 's remarks “ unfortunate ” and said Nassar did not authorize them .
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “ really unfortunate ” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention . Nassar released a statement saying Smith 's comments were a distraction and that his accusers ' remarks “ have pierced my soul . ”
RELATED : Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar 's accusers have blamed Michigan State , USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him . The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation . And the co-ordinator of the women 's national team for USA Gymnastics , Valeri Liukin , said he was stepping down .
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences . His first , 60 years in a federal prison , was ordered in December for child pornography crimes .
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
A scheme which provides funds to pay for energy , alongside emergency food , has already helped 1,241 people in Durham this winter .
The npower Fuel Bank aims to remove the stark choice between heating or eating by giving foodbank users with pre-payment meters vouchers for gas or electricity - whether or not they are npower customers .
This enables households that have run out of energy to get the power back on within a few hours and keep the lights and heating on for around two weeks .
Since the Fuel Bank scheme launched locally in Durham in April 2015 , over 18,500 people have been helped , including almost 7,000 children .
And now the provider has announced that 1,241 people have been helped since the launch of the winter fuel voucher on Wednesday , November 1 .
The scheme is a partnership between npower , the Durham Christian Partnership , and The Trussell Trust , and now runs in 14 areas and 65 foodbank centres .
To date it has helped nearly 78,000 people across the UK , providing more than £1.5 million worth of emergency gas or electricity .
It is hoped that with the recent launch of the npower Foundation , an independent charity , Fuel Bank will be able to help even more people in fuel crisis .
Lynn Burrows , a client at one of Durham 's Foodbanks , explained how she ended up there and how the fuel voucher helped her and her family .
“ Last February , I was diagnosed with cancer and very quickly taken in to surgery , '' she said .
`` It did n't leave much time to organise time off work , benefits , care for my kids , and all the rest .
`` By the time I got out of hospital , the benefits still had n't come through and we only had child support to rely on .
`` It was an awful few weeks .
`` The food parcels and fuel vouchers were a saving grace .
`` They kept us afloat and sane until the money started coming through and my energy levels picked up post-surgery . ”
Commenting on the figures so far this winter , Matthew Cole , npower 's head of Social Energy and Trustee of the npower Foundation , said : “ As winter starts to bite it is clear that the npower Fuel Bank is offering a much-needed lifeline , providing warmth and hot water , as well as electricity and gas to make a cup of tea or to warm up some soup .
`` Through our new npower Foundation – the npower Fuel Bank charity – we hope to raise more funds so that fewer people have to make the choice between heating or eating . ”
Stuart Hudson , manager of the Durham Foodbank , added : `` The foodbank and Fuel Bank complement each other to support people in a crisis situation .
`` This has never been more important as we are experiencing an increase of referrals by 40 % year on year in those areas where full rollout of Universal Credit has occurred . ”
Fuel vouchers are £30 in the summer months and £49 from November 1 to March 31 .
Let 's get the party started 🎉🎉🎉 # amus40th # funtimes Image : Instagram.com/therealkarismakapoor
it was so lovely seeing both of you yesterday ... Thank You for all the love & appreciation ! 🙏 @ neetu54 # RishiKapoor Image : Instagram.com/deepikapadukone
@ aslisona and me ! Image : Instagram.com/karanjohar
We may look super innocent but I can tell we were up to something naughty in this photo ! 😉 # TBT @ rheakapoor @ anilskapoor Image : Instagram.com/sonamkapoor
❤️💙 @ nupursanon Image : Instagram.com/kritisanon
Every film gives me an opportunity to learn something new # Padman @ padmanthefilm @ akshaykumar @ radhikaofficial Image : Instagram.com/sonamkapoor
🌴☀️ Image : Instagram.com/athiyashetty
Look who else is Happy😻😽 # timesnowawards Image : Instagram.com/_vaanikpoor_
Thank you for making me your # Mehrunisa Sanjay sir ... thank you @ sudeepdop dada for your magic , you 've spoilt me ! @ rimple_harpreet_narula you 've created a look that will be remembered forever ... @ preetisheel so much of the love for mehru is because of you ... thaaaaank you godmother @ shobhasant you 're a Rockstar and super special @ soodpranav You 've been the rock that one needs through shoot , while my head and ears and nose hurt especially 😂 ! ! ! @ sarasmenon I missed you but thank you for the time you were on set and looked after me ... @ media.raindrop you had our backs and how @ abhinandangupta1985 @ tusharjalota @ janvigill abhiruchi , doel @ asthasoom- the whole ultra hhardworkingsuper amazing team ... love you peeps ! You 're all our true hero 's ! Mehrunisa is special in every way and I feel blessed to have been picked to play her . Sanjay sir you should be cherished ! Eternally ! # Mehrunisa # Padmavat # Blessed Image : Instagram.com/aditiraohydari
Cus she loves me 📸 @ hautenehagupta Image : Instagram.com/egupta
With Sridevi in a ... swimming pool sequence for film INQUILAB Image : Instagram.com/amitabhbachchan
Oh , you make me smile Image : Instagram.com/mira.kapoor
Mujhe mera award mil gaya ... 😇🙏🏽 @ amitabhbachchan Image : Instagram.com/ranveersingh
Ya I need an apron when I eat ramen & who took my food ? Was it u @ kunalrawaldstress or @ mohitmarwah ? ? ? # londondiaries🇬🇧 Image : Instagram.com/arjunkapoor
Image : Instagram.com/beyonce
# madametussauds hong kong . Such a massive day for everyone involved in my life . Proud to be present here . Thank you to my fans . You guys voted , tweeted put out the love and that 's why I am here Image : Instagram.com/varundvn
😲😲😲😲🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼 Image : Instagram.com/janhvikapoor
Happpy Birthday my Tunki @ shamitashetty_official lovvveeeee you to the moon ( blue/ red and all ) and back😬😘 Wishing you happiness and health always # sisters # forlife # instapic # celebrations # family # love # unconditionallove Image : Instagram.com/theshilpashetty
Had the best time launching # GigixMaybelline Asia in Tokyo last week 💄🌸✨ どうもありがとうございます Thank you so much , Japan for your warm welcome and love always . To all the countries whose representatives joined us to celebrate , I appreciate and am humbled by your support of this line @ maybelline 💕 love to you all & hope you enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ( Gigi x Maybelline will be available in Japan February 26th ) x Image : Instagram.com/gigihadid
when you find out they do n't carry anything gluten free 😂 Image : Instagram.com/kimkardashian
snow white 🔥 or frost bite ? Image : Instagram.com/priyankachopra
20M love 🙌 going live on Instagram in 15 Mins . It 's been a whileeeeeeee 🙂 soo much love to give back so let 's do this 🙂 ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Image : Instagram.com/aliaabhatt
The New Orleans Saints ' star-studded rookie class swiped another award Saturday as cornerback Marshon Lattimore took home the Defensive Rookie of the Year trophy at NFL Honors . Lattimore won in a landslide , securing 45 votes ; Buffalo Bills CB Tre'Davious White ( 4 ) and San Francisco 49ers LB Reuben Foster ( 1 ) were also considered .
The first-round pick immediately transformed a previously porous Saints secondary in his rookie campaign . Playing with physicality , toughness and ball skills , Lattimore led all rookies in interceptions ( 5 ) and passes defended ( 18 ) during the regular season . Along with the efforts of rookie running back Alvin Kamara , who took home top offensive rookie of the year honors Saturday , he played an instrumental role in helping the Saints reach the playoffs .
Lattimore 's physical traits jump off the game film . The Ohio State product gives zero inches in press coverage , can glide step-for-step with wideouts , owns quick route recognition , has superior vision , and reacts to the ball with lightning fast reflexes . His natural instincts and understanding of defensive concepts made Lattimore an immediate lockdown corner .
The Saints trusted the rookie so much they deployed him on as a shadow defender down the stretch of the season , including taking on Julio Jones one-on-one in two contests . The early-season comparisons between Lattimore and Darrelle Revis does n't look far off now .
The Pro Bowl cornerback allowed a passer rating of 45.3 over the course of the season , per Pro Football Focus , third-best in the NFL -- less than six points higher than if QBs had simply thrown the ball away . It marked the second lowest passer rating in coverage by any rookie CB since Casey Hayward .
Lattimore did not allow a touchdown on 415 coverage snaps in 2017 , and gave up a first down or touchdown on just 27.9 percent of his targets , per PFF .
Lattimore 's ability to beat up the opponent 's top receiver completely morphed the Saints defense from sieve to respectable . With the rookie taking on the solo matchup , New Orleans could roll safety coverage to the other side of the field , knowing Lattimore would n't get burned if left on an island . The rookie allowed a meager 30.4 passer rating on deep throws this season ( fourth best in the NFL ) . For a secondary that routinely got torched and dealt with consistent coverage busts in recent seasons , Lattimore was a godsend .
Perhaps the rookie 's most memorable play came on his `` butt pick '' of Matt Ryan in a huge victory over the Falcons that helped the Saints on their way to the NFC South title . However , it was n't even Lattimore 's best play of the game . That came on a Julio Jones reception at the goal line where the rookie corner out-physicaled the big receiver to keep him out of the end zone . It was the type of play that showed the rookie 's talent , promise , and willingness to battle .
The Saints ' season ended in misery in Minneapolis , but with Lattimore well on his way to becoming the next Revis , the future in New Orleans looks as bright as the noonday sun glaring off the Gulf Coast .
Mumbai : The Shiv Sena on Tuesday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should display guts and attack Pakistan if it was indeed found `` interfering '' in the ongoing Gujarat elections .
The Sena also urged Modi `` to arrest all the people '' who attended a dinner at the home of Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar where the Pakistan High Commissioner , former Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh and other leaders were present and book them for treason .
`` The PM ( prime minister ) has levelled a serious allegation that Pakistan is interfering in Gujarat polls . We are very concerned if this is true . ''
`` Until now , Pakistan was meddling only in Jammu and Kashmir and China in Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh , '' said editorials in the party mouthpieces Saamana and Dopahar Ka Saamana .
The editorials asked the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) whether Pakistan was indeed helping to install Congress MP ( Member of Parliament ) Ahmed Patel as the next chief minister of Gujarat .
The BJP ally said it was strange that Modi chose to make such a serious allegation at an election rally in Gujarat instead of taking action against Pakistan .
`` Besides , despite having a strong intelligence set-up , the PM ( prime minister ) said he learnt about the meeting from media reports . This is an equally serious issue . Instead of tossing it at an election meeting , he should order the Indian Army to enter Pakistan and intervene . ''
The party said Modi 's campaign talk exposed the BJP 's intellectual bankruptcy because at each election either Pakistan or absconding mafia don Dawood Ibrahim was dragged .
`` For how long will you continue raking up Pakistan 's name at every occasion ? The country expects you to act . So do it . Otherwise , mere allegations are hurled even by Yashwant Sinha and Nana Patole , '' the Sena said .
Follow our LIVE blog on Gujarat Assembly Election campaign here
Click here for detailed coverage of Gujarat Assembly Election 2017
Turkey 's top glassmaker Şişecam is planning to invest more in India , where it is considering producing windshields for the country 's booming auto industry .
General Manager Ahmet Kırman announced on Monday that the company is also seeking new investment opportunities in Mexico and Europe .
India is one of the most attractive markets in the world in terms of growth potential , Kırman explained in an interview in Istanbul .
`` India is a very good market , especially in terms of sheet glass . We plan to rapidly increase our capabilities regarding product diversification , opening new ( glass ) furnaces ... We will be more efficient in India by expanding our product range , '' he said .
He noted that Indian automotive market was also experiencing a very serious growth trend .
`` We do not have an automotive glass production there right now . A new factory for automobile glass production is necessary . We will be making an assessment on that as well , '' he added .
Meanwhile , Kırman declined to provide an amount for the planned investments .
He said the company was also looking at opportunities in Mexico but U.S. President Donald Trump 's recent protectionist measures had clouded the outlook . `` We have very interesting offers ( in Mexico ) ... But we will see where we could grow smartly and take action accordingly , '' he said .
He noted that they are thinking of a possible investment in Mexico in the glass packaging area .
In March , Trump decided to impose import duties on steel and aluminum , drawing criticism from other countries for heightening the risk of a global trade war . The U.S. tariffs have been imposed on Europe , Canada and Mexico since June 1 , after their temporary exemptions expired .
As for their main business areas , Kırman said they were carrying out market research and feasibility studies for automotive glass in India and glass packaging in Mexico .
However , he said , investment decisions in the upcoming period will be determined by the global protectionist policies and the flow of potential trade wars in the world .
India is making more cars than ever as its economy develops and domestic passenger vehicle sales rose by 20 percent in May from last year , data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers shows . Şişecam , the third largest producer of glassware in the world and fifth largest in glass packaging and flat glass , made 4.8 million tons of glass in 2017 at 43 sites in 13 countries . The Istanbul-based company , which competes with NSG Pilkington , Asahi Glass Co , Saint Gobain and Guardian Glass in float glass production , has grown in India through acquisitions in recent months .
Its Trakya Cam subsidiary produces float glass , which and mirrors at a 600 ton per day capacity plant in India and last month it bought 49.8 percent of India 's HNG Float Glass , where it was a 50 percent shareholder , for $ 85.4 million .
Şişecam also expanded in Europe and became Italy 's second largest producer of float glass when it bought a factory from Italy 's Sangalli for 15.7 million euros ( $ 18.32 million ) .
When asked whether or not they think of new investment in Italy , Kırman said they will most probably plan it .
`` We can plan a development in terms of a factory in the north , we are t
hinking about it , '' he said .
He noted that they were also assessing investment opportunities in other European countries , indicating that investing in Western European countries does not seem very attractive because of high costs .
Kirman said Şişecam was also looking to invest in start-ups in Turkey and abroad to diversify from its core business .
Share :
rawalpindi - Two officers of National Highways and Motorway Police ( NH & MWP ) were booked under attempted murder charges by Naseerabad police for firing on a passenger bus near new airport .
At least two passengers were wounded as a result of the fatal shooting on the passenger bus by two officers when the driver of bus did not stop for bus search .
On complaint of Gulfaraz Khan , the injured passenger , the case registered with Police Station ( PS ) Naseerabad under sections 324/34/427 of Pakistan Penal Court ( PPC ) against NH & MWP Patrolling Officers ( POs ) /Sub Inspectors ( SIs ) Shahid Gull and Aitzaz . However , no arrest was made so far .
Meanwhile , Inspector General of Police ( IGP ) NH & MWP Amjad Javed Salimi suspended the two accused POs and ordered inquiry against them , sources added .
According to sources , Gulfaraz Khan , who is undergoing medical treatment in hospital , stated before police investigators that he along with other passengers was travelling from Peshawar to Rawalpindi in a passenger bus bearing registration number LES-18-09 . He said two officers of NH & MWP riding in official vehicle signalled the driver to stop the bus after crossing Toll Plaza .
However , the driver named Imtiaz Khan did not obey the order and accelerated the bus towards Rawalpindi GT Road , he said . On this , the police officers began chasing the bus in official vehicle and opened indiscriminate firing on the bus . “ As a result , I and bus conductor Abdul Rehman sustained critical bullet injuries , ” he mentioned . He told investigators that all the passengers sped away after the bus driver stopped the vehicle along the roadside . The applicant requested police to register a case against the motorway police officers for launching an armed attack on passenger bus .
Taking action , police registered an attempted murder case against two POs/SIs of NH & MWP and began investigation .
SHO PS Naseerabad Chaudhry Akhter Ali , when contacted , confirmed the arrests . He said the rescuers shifted the injured passengers to DHQ and PIMS for medical treatment while the bus driver managed to flee the scene . Police found nothing suspicious from during course of search . He said efforts are being made to arrest the accused .
On the other hand , IG NH & MWP Amjad Javed Salimi has taken notice of the incident of firing on passenger bus and placed both officers under suspension .
PIQUA — The Northmont Middle School Division B Science Olympiad team will make a trip in April to the Ohio State Competition , after placing well at the Regional Competition in Piqua on Saturday , March 17 .
The winning Northmont Division B team placed fifth at the competition , finishing with 191 points , only two points away from the fourth place team , West Liberty-Salem Middle School . Centerville 's Tower Heights Middle School won the competition with a final score of 42 points .
“ Our team did well ! I 'm excited that we made it to State competition , and that we get to compete for our region in Columbus , ” Head Coach Jim Witters said .
At the Regional Competition , students earned medals for sixth place and higher . The top scoring Divison B team medaled in eleven events , and placed in the top ten in an additional four events , giving the team a solid point base to support their run for State .
The high performers of the day were eighth grade lab and study event students , with Lena Edwards and Sydney Gross winning the second place silver medal in “ CrimeBusters ; ” followed quickly by Ben Loudenslager and Connor Zechar earning silver in “ Dynamic Planet. ” Again Loudenslager paired with Andrew Marcum won the final second place team medal in “ Potions and Poisons . ”
The lone third place medal for the middle school went to Cayden Bouas and Allayna Rose , for a great run in “ Battery Buggy. ” The second Northmont “ Battery Buggy ” team , Payton Anderson and Reed Diller , won fifth for the event .
Fourth place honors were earned by the trio of Jocelynn Asbra , Mason Flora and Andrew Marcum in “ Experimental Design ; ” and again by Asbra , teamed with Parker Anderson , in “ Hovercraft. ” Sibling Payton Anderson paired with Owen Zechar to also win fourth in “ Thermodynamics ; ” and Loudenslager partnered with Natalie Canterbury to place fourth in “ Towers. ” The second Northmont “ Hovercraft “ team , Diller with partner Kaley Underwood , and the second Northmont “ Towers ” team , Jack Knudsen and Jordan Tucker , both placed sixth for their events .
Additional fifth place winners were Canterbury and Gross in “ Anatomy and Physiology ; ” Asbra and Rose in “ Wright Stuff ; ” and Trent Kelsey and Connor Zechar in “ Solar System . ”
The final sixth place medals taken by the middle school team went to Canterbury and Loudenslager in “ Microbe Mission ; ” to Underwood , paired with Jacob Shaffer in “ Fast Facts ; ” and to Xander Hughes with Owen Zechar in “ Roller Coaster . ”
Currently there are 56 students , in grades 6 – 9 , participating in the Northmont Division B Science Olympiad program . Thirty of these students were chosen to compete in the Piqua Regional Competition . A final fifteen member team from the program will head to The Ohio State University on Saturday , April 28th , for State Competition .
The Northmont Middle School Science Olympiad Team receives generous support from several local business donors , including Bob Evans , the MainSource Bank , the Northmont Rotary Club , Ratliff Metal Spinning , and Vancon General Contractor . Students interested in any of the STEM programs are encouraged to contact their school office for information regarding how to join the Science Olympiad teams next year .
The Northmont Middle School Science Olympiad team celebrates their win at the Science Olympiad Regional Competition at Piqua High School . The team earned fifth place , sending them to State Competition in April . http : //www.englewoodindependent.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/26/2018/03/web1_ScienceOlympiad.jpg The Northmont Middle School Science Olympiad team celebrates their win at the Science Olympiad Regional Competition at Piqua High School . The team earned fifth place , sending them to State Competition in April . Contributed photo
The free legal appointment services that were started in 2011 continue to be helpful to the public , according to the Third Judicial Circuit Pro Bono Committee .
During the first quarter of 2018 , Madison County lawyers provided free legal appointments to 38 residents with limited incomes in the Madison County Law Library in the lower level of the courthouse at 155 N. Main St. in Edwardsville .
“ The judges in this circuit join with members of the public to thank every attorney who donated their time this quarter and in past quarters to provide low-income , self-represented litigants with free legal advice , ” Chief Judge David Hylla said . “ We are continually working to help the public understand court procedures and these lawyers are providing great help . ”
The volunteer attorneys during January , February , and March were Andrew Velloff , Angela Donohoo , Beth Bauer , Bonnie Levo , Chad Richter , Christopher Threlkeld , Christine Kovach , Elizabeth Levy , Gina Verticchio , Holly Hampton , Joseph Hill , Joseph Whyte , Julie Tracy , Katherine Smith , Kathleen Buckley , Kelly Libbra , Leslie Wood , Matthew Champlin , Missy Greathouse , Stephanie Lyons , Susan Jensen , Terrence O'Leary , and Zachary Pashea .
In addition to the appointments , the Law Library houses the Self-Help Center , where staff can assist people who do not have attorneys in finding forms to file pleadings and other services . It is open from 8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1-4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday when the courthouse is open .
The Third Judicial Circuit Pro Bono Committee reminds members of the public that free legal appointments to low-income individuals who do not have attorneys are available by appointment on any legal subject except criminal law , including but not limited to subjects such as family law or areas such as debt collection , landlord-tenant , small claims , or any other civil area of law . The free appointments are available the second and fourth Tuesday of each month . The appointments are for those of limited incomes who do not have attorneys and qualifying information will need to be provided . To make an appointment or to volunteer , call ( 618 ) 296-4472 or email Lauren Jansen .
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
`` You can always make a deal to move up , '' Grier said . `` It 's just always dependent on how much you want to give up . We 're not going to reach or overextend for something . ''
If one of the top four quarterbacks slides to 11th , the Dolphins will probably pounce . Or they might opt for Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson .
Miami could wait until a later round to take a QB , and Luke Falk of Washington State might then be the choice .
DEFENSIVE HELP
The 2017 Dolphins allowed 24.6 points to rank fourth-worst in the NFL , and then released their best defensive player , five-time Pro Bowl tackle Ndamukong Suh .
That means defensive co-ordinator Matt Burke will be lobbying hard in the draft room for help . It could come in the first round from Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith , Virginia Tech linebacker Tremaine Edmunds or Washington defensive tackle Vita Vea .
OFFENSIVE HOLES
Last season 's Dolphins averaged 17.6 points to rank fifth-worst , and then parted with receiver Jarvis Landry and centre Mike Pouncey , each a three-time Pro Bowler . Miami shored up those positions in free agency , but needs a starting tight end and help at guard and running back , and will try to address those needs in the middle rounds .
ANNOUNCING SELECTIONS
Eighteen seniors from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and the family of assistant football coach Aaron Feis will announce the Dolphins ' picks from the team complex on the third day of the draft . Feis was among 17 people killed in the shooting at the school in February .
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
This is the third draft together for Tannenbaum , Grier and Gase , and the biggest bust in recent years precedes them . It was defensive end Dion Jordan , the No . 3 overall pick in 2013 . Violations of the league 's substance abuse policy limited him to one start and three sacks in Miami before he was released a year ago . He has since revived his career with the Seattle Seahawks .
Subsequent first-round picks Ja'Wuan James , DeVante Parker , Laremy Tunsil and Charles Harris have combined for zero Pro Bowl appearances .
Miami hit on a second-round pick in 2014 with Landry , but traded him this off-season . Running back Jay Ajayi became a bargain as a fifth-round choice in 2015 , but he was also traded . Rookies contributed little last season , and the draft grade for that class is incomplete .
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/Steve_Wine .
By Steven Wine , The Associated Press
SACRAMENTO — On Oct. 5 , Gov . Jerry Brown signed a legislation that would limit state and local enforcement agencies in holding , questioning and transferring undocumented immigrants at the request of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Senate Bill 54 , dubbed the sanctuary state law , takes effect in January of 2018 . It is estimated that more than 2.3 million immigrants live in California .
The new law will prohibit state and local agencies from using resources to aid immigration agents unless the people in question have been convicted of one or more of 800 crimes . Immigration agents may still enter county jails and question immigrants , but personal information available to those agents would be limited .
The federal government may is expected to try to block the law before it goes into effect .
About 35 municipalities in the state have taken on the “ sanctuary ” label to protect undocumented immigrants . While the sanctuary label may provide law enforcement the ability to use its resources to fight real crime and provide some relief for undocumented families , it is important to note that federal officials may still capture and deport people at their homes and workplaces .
The signing follows a series of actions by Brown and his administration to bolster resources and support for the immigrant community . The governor also signed :
Assembly Bill 21 by Assemblyman Ash Kalra ( D-San Jose ) – Public postsecondary education : Access to Higher Education for Every Student .
AB 291 by Assemblyman David Chiu ( D-San Francisco ) – Housing : immigration .
AB 299 by Assemblyman Ian C. Calderon ( D-Whittier ) – Hiring of real property : immigration or citizenship status .
AB 299 by Assemblyman Ian C. Calderon ( D-Whittier ) – Hiring of real property : immigration or citizenship status . AB 343 by Assemblyman Kevin McCarty ( D-Sacramento ) – Public postsecondary education : holders of certain special immigrant visas .
AB 450 by Assemblyman David Chiu ( D-San Francisco ) – Employment regulation : immigration worksite enforcement actions .
AB 699 by Assemblyman Patrick O'Donnell ( D-Long Beach ) – Educational equity : immigration and citizenship status .
Senate Bill 29 by Sen. Ricardo Lara ( D-Bell Gardens ) – Law enforcement : immigration .
SB 68 by Sen. Ricardo Lara ( D-Bell Gardens ) – Public postsecondary education : exemption from nonresident tuition .
SB 68 by Sen. Ricardo Lara ( D-Bell Gardens ) – Public postsecondary education : exemption from nonresident tuition . SB 156 by Sen. Joel Anderson ( R-Alpine ) – Military and veterans : transition assistance : citizenship .
SB 257 by Sen. Ricardo Lara ( D-Bell Gardens ) – School admissions : pupil residency : pupils of departed parents : residents of adjoining state or foreign country : school district reimbursement .
Since taking office , Governor Brown has signed the California Dream Act , which allows top students who are on the path to citizenship to apply for college financial aid and AB 60 , which extends the legal right to drive on the state 's roadways to millions more Californians . The governor has also signed legislation to help fund legal services for unaccompanied minors arriving in California from Central America as well as legal services to assist immigrants seeking naturalization and deportation defense ; legislation to extend health care coverage and other protections to undocumented children in the state ; and a number of other bills to enhance protections for immigrants .
In 2016 , Brown appointed a director of immigrant integration to serve as the statewide lead for coordinating immigrant services and monitoring the implementation of immigration assistance programs . In September , Brown signed legislation to provide $ 30 million in financial aid for immigrant students and legal services for young people with Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals status and the administration launched the California Immigrant Guide website to help connect immigrants with resources and services provided by the state .
TORONTO — Bill Mboutsiadis kept his young son home from school on Wednesday because he says it was just too hot inside the classroom .
“ Some people say air conditioning is like hotels . No , no . This is a place to learn so they should be comfortable and it 's different form when I was in school , ” he said .
“ [ There are ] hotter Junes and hotter Septembers . ”
Mboutsiadis ' son John is in Grade 3 and his class is on the third floor of Dovercourt Junior School in west-end Toronto .
READ MORE : Parents call on Ontario government to address heat in schools
“ It 's hard to focus sometimes in art projects and language , especially in EQAO since we 're doing it in such a hot classroom . People are bringing water bottles ( and ) ice packs , ” John said .
Bill is on the board of “ Fix Our Schools , ” a grassroots campaign focused on improving infrastructure , health and safety at Ontario schools . He said he has a message for the province 's next premier .
“ I would like the party in power to establish a code of standards of what does it mean to have a room on a third , fourth floor , new and old buildings and what is the standard temperature , ” Bill said .
“ There are more regulations for kennels and dogs in Ontario for provincial cruelty . There are no regulations for standards of how we treat kids in schools . ”
He said his second son went home sick with a headache on Tuesday . Bill blamed the hot classroom for making his son ill .
Out of the Toronto District School Board 's ( TDSB ) 583 schools , 128 have full air conditioning , some have partial air conditioning , and others have no air conditioning at all .
Veronica Kutt has a daughter in Grade 6 at a North York school with only partial air conditioning . She too said she is concerned about the effects of the heat on her child .
“ There 's just no air as you 're walking through the hallway and everyone is on top of each other , ” Kutt said .
READ MORE : Officials urge parents to take precautions at Toronto playgrounds amid hot temperatures
She acknowledged that the cost of providing air conditioning at all schools would be “ astronomical , ” but Kutt said she hopes the next provincial government will make it a priority .
New research from academics at Harvard and other top American universities suggested cooler classrooms are crucial to students ' education .
The “ Heat and Learning ” study published by the U.S. National Bureau of Economic Research found that students were more likely to have lower scores when temperatures were higher . It suggested air conditioning “ offsets nearly all of the damaging impacts of cumulative heat exposure on academic achievement . ”
“ The fact is these kids deserve better , the teachers deserve better , the administrators deserve better and if we prioritize schools and education I think we can do better , ” Krista Wylie , co-president of “ Fix our Schools , ” told Global News .
READ MORE : Toronto ombudsman asks landlords to turn off the heat amid hot weather warning
“ So many things are wrong with the buildings where two million kids across the province spend their days .
“ I want to see a standard in place , and as important , we need to see provincial funding that would allow school boards to meet that new standard . ”
Meanwhile , Bill Mboutsiadis said the library at his sons ' school has air conditioning and it 's been deemed a cooling centre for the children . But staff and students ca n't all access the area at the same time .
“ What do you do ? One day this class goes in the cool down area , one day another , ” he said .
“ I 'm upset about it . ”
The situation is only slightly better at schools in the Toronto Catholic District School Board ( TCDSB ) , where 139 of the 200 schools have mechanical ventilation systems and 83 of those schools have air conditioning .
The TCDSB estimated it would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to provide air conditioning at all of its schools . It is currently implementing a four-year plan , like the TDSB , to install cooling centres in each school so that groups of vulnerable students can get heat relief .
With the election more than a week away , Wylie asked voters to “ make sure you talk to your candidates , all of them , and say , do you know what ? My local school is not in the shape I want it to be in . What are you going to do about it ? ”
A Scunthorpe choir is set to hit the high note in aid of a local hospice .
The Scunthorpe Male Voice Choir will be staging a special concert at St Lawrence 's Church , on Church Lane , Scunthorpe on Saturday , October 21 in aid of Lindsey Lodge Hospice .
The Hospice is run as an independent charity to provide free of charge , specialist care to North Lincolnshire people with any progressive life-limiting illness , and supports their family and carers during illness and into bereavement .
Lindsey Lodge Hospice Fundraiser Anne Millett said : “ I 'd like to thank the Scunthorpe Male Voice Choir for organising this event in aid of the Hospice . They are great supporters of all we do and it is this kind of generous support that helps us to continue to deliver our specialist care to all our patients . ”
The Scunthorpe Male Voice Choir is one of the area 's leading music groups , and has a complement of over 40 voices .
Conducted by Daniel Fields , they will be joined by soloist Carolyne Storey accompanied by Nicholas Sykes and pianist James Longden . Guests will also be able to take part in a charity raffle and enjoy refreshments .
The event starts at 7pm . Tickets cost £6 and are available by phoning Anne on 07720 635055 , alternatively people are invited to pay on the door .
For more information about Lindsey Lodge Hospice , please visit : www.lindseylodgehospice.org.uk
Share :
LUXEMBOURG - The EU 's top court ruled Tuesday that animal slaughter without stunning can only occur in approved abattoirs , saying a ban on temporary slaughter houses does not violate Muslim religious freedom .
In its ruling , the European Court of Justice upheld a 2014 ban in Belgium 's Flanders region against temporary abattoirs set up to cope with increased demand during Eid al-Adha , the Muslim feast of sacrifice .
“ The Court confirms that ritual slaughter without stunning may take place only in an approved slaughterhouse , ” the Luxembourg-based court said in a statement .
“ That obligation does not infringe freedom of religion as it is only intended to organise and manage the freedom to practise ritual slaughter , taking into account the fundamental rules on the protection of animal welfare and the health of consumers of meat. ” Ritual slaughter without stunning is also practised by Jewish communities .
The court said EU laws have reconciled ritual slaughter with guarantees for animal welfare and consumer health .
In 2016 , Muslim associations and an umbrella organisation of mosques had challenged the Flemish region on grounds that it breached freedom of religion .
But the court said : “ An occasional problem of lack of slaughter capacity in one region of a Member State ... is the result of a combination of domestic circumstances which can not affect the validity of the regulation . ”
It referred to the increase in demand for ritual slaughter over several days during Eid al-Adha .
The Moncks Corner Police Department is the first police agency in Berkeley County to use a drug that can save people who overdose .
Officers are carrying the drug Narcan while on duty .
Narcan can reverse a person 's drug overdose caused by heroin and other opioids .
Chief Rick Ollic says all of his officers have been trained by the State Department of Health and Environmental Control on how to use Narcan .
The Charleston Police Department has been using Narcan since last year .
Copyright 2017 WCSC . All rights reserved .
LILONGWE- ( MaraviPost ) -Chief Secretary to the Government , Lloyd Muhara , says public servants who intend to participate in politics should resign from their public service positions as the 2019 tripartite elections are approaching .
Chief Secretary 's warning follows a concern raised by human rights activists , Timothy Mtambo and Gift Trapence , who recently penned the Office of the President and Cabinet ( OPC ) on the matter .
The two , through a law firm Bullen and Associates , argued that some civil and public servants have not complied with the requirement and need to be disciplined .
Muhara , in a letter dated June 28 2018 , copied to principal secretaries and heads of departments , chief executives of parastatal organisations and district commissioners , says failure to do so is contravening the Constitution and the Malawi Public Service Regulations .
He added that the public servants should resign or retire once they qualify , prior to embarking on their political campaign , including participating in primary elections .
“ As you are aware , Section 193 of the Constitution provides for the independence and neutrality of the public service . Furthermore , it is misconduct for a public servant to engage in political activities as provided for in Regulation 1:201 ( 24 ) of the Malawi Public Service Regulations , ” reads the letter .
The letter further gave the aspirant politicians three days to resign failing which they [ the activists ] would commence a judicial review .
Among the mentioned public servants include Chief Director of Safe Motherhood Chimwemwe Chipungu , who has been voted as National Organising Secretary at the Democratic Progressive Party 's convention .
But Chipungu Tuesday said while the Constitution is pointing at showing interest in being a lawmaker or councillor , he will take action based on what is best for the public service and his political ambition .
“ If my activities in politics and what I am supposed to be doing in the public service are compromised , then I should decide whether to go to politics or be in the civil service . If you 're a policymaker in the civil service , you can not go into politics .
“ That 's my interpretation at the moment . I can not give you my opinion as to my next stage but as a law-abiding citizen , I will take action depending on what is in the best interest of the civil service and my political ambition , ” said Chipungu as quoted by Daily Times .
Trapence , therefore expressed satisfaction with how government has responded on the matter .
He , however , said they will be monitoring those that will not comply with the law .
“ If we see any civil servant who is not following the advice , then we will take it up even if it means going to court , ” said Trapence .
The Arizona Coyotes and Colorado Avalanche are not making the playoffs , so all trade speculation starts with them . It also looks as if Detroit 's run of seasons with consecutive playoff appearances will end at 25 . Dallas and Winnipeg , like Detroit , are under .500 from a points percentage and teams above them have games in hand , meaning they too are likely out . Also obvious are the teams that are making the playoffs : Washington , Pittsburgh , Columbus , Montreal and the New York Rangers in the East ; San Jose , Anaheim , Edmonton , Minnesota and Chicago in the West . It would take a collapse of monumental proportions — and , hey , the Canadiens have that in them — for these teams to miss . As things stand , they 're each given a 90-per-cent chance or better of making the playoffs based on their seasons so far , according to SportsClubStats , which analyzes the schedule so far and the schedule to come and puts it all together . The rest is not so obvious . Here 's a look at the playoff races in the East and West , with the East far closer than the West ( percentages courtesy SportsClubStats.com through Monday 's games ) :
Issue : The Senators are struggling at the gate and ownership may not be willing to pay what it takes to add talent at the trade deadline .
Trend : Ottawa has excellent goaltending with Craig Anderson ( 2.34 GAA , .927 save percentage ) . Guy Boucher is proving his worth in his second go-round as an NHL coach . The Senators are solid up the middle and have a game-breaker in Erik Karlsson on defence . Their core is the right age to peak .
BOSTON BRUINS
Third in the Atlantic with 64 points
Games Remaining : 24
Trend : The Bruins are performing well for their new coach , and have an intriguing blend of youth and experience . Tuukka Rask is proven performer in net . . . Brad Marchand having a terrific year with 24 goals .
Issue : They 've played more games than anyone else in the hunt and do n't have a points cushion to protect themselves in case a pursuer gets hot . They have to get more than a bump from a new coach to ride out the rest of the season .
Chances : 54.6 per cent
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS
Fourth in the Atlantic , second wild card with 61 points
Games Remaining : 28
Trend : They 've been bumbling about since the all-star break , not looking at all like the team they were in December and early January . . . Mike Babcock is a superb motivator and would deserve the credit if this team overachieves in what is really Year One of the build . . . It helps to have the league 's second-ranked power play and ninth-ranked penalty kill .
Issue : They are a young team with very little experience in playoffs drives . The players with that experience have n't done so well with it .
Chances : 67.4 per cent
PHILADELPHIA FLYERS
Fifth in Metropolitan with 61 points
Games Remaining : 26
Trend : They 're bad on the road ( 10-13-3 ) and play 15 of the remaining 26 away . . . Goaltenders Steve Mason and Michal Neuvirth have combined for a 2.87 goals-against average and .897 save percentage . Not good enough . . . They are 6-8-1 in their own division with a steady diet of Metropolitan teams lined up .
Issue : The Flyers should n't be on this list , but they went 17-6-4 run starting Valentine 's Day last year that enabled them to inch into the playoffs . They need at least 15 wins to give themselves a 50 per cent chance .
Chances : 7.9 per cent
NEW YORK ISLANDERS
Sixth in Metropolitan with 60 points
Games Remaining : 28
Trend : New coach Doug Weight has awoken a team that had underachieved under Jack Capuano . . . The Islanders have been playoff regulars lately with captain John Tavares carrying the team on his shoulders .
Issue : Thomas Greiss has been fantastic since getting the No . 1 job in net ( 17-9-5 , 2.42 , .922 ) but the career backup does n't have a track record .
Chances : 45.1 per cent
FLORIDA PANTHERS
STANDINGS : Fifth in the Atlantic with 58 points
Games Remaining : 28
Trend : The Panthers are finally healthy , with Jonathan Huberdeau back from an Achilles tendon injury and reunited with linemates Aleksander Barkov and Jaromir Jagr . They 're targeted is third place in the Atlantic . They are six points behind Boston , with four games in hand .
Issue : Team defence is an issue . . . Goalie Roberto Luongo has allowed 25 goals in his past seven outings . . . Their 17-14-6 record against Eastern Conference teams does n't bode well .
Chances : 12.4 per cent
TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING
Sixth in the Atlantic with 57 points
Games Remaining : 26
Trend : Fighting for their playoff lives , the Lightning had won three of four — playing some of its best hockey — then hit its bye-week . Teams coming out of the bye week have n't fared so well , a combined 15-22-3 in their first five after a bye , according to tampabay.com . They are 9-5-3 within the division , giving them reason to think they can catch Boston and/or Toronto .
Issue : Injuries have been a problem all year , with Steve Stamkos out since Nov. 15 . . . The goaltending of Ben Bishop ( 14-12-4 . 2.63 , .910 ) and Andrei Vasilevskiy ( 11-12-6 , 2.76 , .911 ) has not been as good as anticipated .
Chances : 11.5 per cent
NEW JERSEY DEVILS
Seventh in Metropolitan with 56 points
Games Remaining : 27
Trend : They have done well in make-or-break situations , posting 3-0-1 records twice to rebound from bad stretches . . . They believe they have their destiny in their own hands , facing teams above them in the standings . . . They have trouble scoring , and keeping the puck out of the net .
Issue : The second wild-card is all they can hope for , but it 's five points away and they have to climb over the Islanders , Flyers and Leafs to get there . The Leafs and Islanders have games in hand .
Chances : 2.3 per cent
BUFFALO SABRES
Seventh in the Atlantic with 56 points
Games Remaining : 26
Trend : They 're over their injury problems , but have n't been able to get on a roll . Coach Dan Byslma may be on the hot-seat as a result . They may be wiser to trade the likes of Brian Gionta or Matt Moulson at the deadline for younger players to fit in with Jack Eichel .
Issue : A 13-17-8 record against teams from the East has hurt the Sabres . And conference play is on the menu . ... The league 's second-worst penalty kill .
Chances : 4.7 per cent
Carolina Hurricanes
Eighth in Metropolitan with 55 points
Games Remaining : 29
Trend : They 're a last-place team but have played fewer games than anyone and have gone on hot streaks before . . . They 're defence is solid with Justin Faulk and Noah Hanifin , but goaltending is suspect ( Cam Ward : 21-17-8 , 2.62 , .905 . ) . . . Decent offence from rookie Sebastien Aho ( 17 goals ) and Jeff Skinner ( 18 goals ) .
Issue : The Canes are 7-16-6 on the road , but thankfully only have 12 games left on the road , 17 at home where they are 17-6-1 . Two of those home games are against Toronto — the team they 're chasing for the second wild-card . They 've owned the Leafs .
Chances : 13.1 per cent
WESTERN CONFERENCE
St. Louis Blues
Third in Central with 63 points
Games Remaining : 26
Trend : Another spot where a new coach ( Mike Yeo ) has breathed new life . The Blues are 5-1-0 since he took over from Ken Hitchcock . Goaltending has also made a turn for the better . . . Jake Allen is 3-0 under Yeo , with a 1.00 GAA and .967 save percentage .
Issue : Dominant at home ( 17-9-4 ) good enough on the road ( 12-13-1 ) is a recipe for success . Good special teams : Penalty kill is ranked fifth , power play seventh .
Chances : 93.2 per cent
NASHVILLE PREDATORS
Fourth in Central , first wild card with 62 points
Games Remaining : 26
Trend : Their top four defencemen — Roman Josi , P.K . Subban , Mattias Ekholm and Ryan Ellis — are finally all healthy at the same time . . . They 've picked up points in 11 of their last 16 games .
Issue : The Preds play 26 games in 50 days in their sprint to the finish , needing at least 15 wins . They 'll need to break out of their win-one , lose-one format .
Chances : 80.8 per cent
LOS ANGELES KINGS
Fourth in Pacific , second wild card with 60 points
Games Remaining : 27
Trend : They are 6-2-0 in their last eight . They face teams ahead of them in the standings only 10 times the rest of the way . They are 15-8-1 at home and have 18 favourable home dates remaining . . . Jeff Carter has 29 goals . . . Kings will add at the trade deadline .
Issue : The Kings have done all right considering they 've been without their top goalie , Jonathan Quick , all year . He should be back in March .
Chances : 87.4 per cent
CALGARY FLAMES
Fifth in Pacific with 59 points
Games Remaining : 25
Trend : A promising 3-1-0 stretch including massive victories over the Pittsburgh Penguins and Minnesota Wild came to a halt with the mandatory break and a 5-0 loss to Arizona coming out of it . . . Matthew Tkachuk is having a splendid rookie campaign . . . Sam Bennett ( minus-10 ) has yet to show his potential .
Issue : They 're 4-2-0 over their last six , relatively healthy and do n't face a top-tier opponent until March 9 ( at home to Montreal ) . . . Goalie Brian Elliott has been better lately , winning eight of his last 12 .
Chances : 30.1 per cent
VANCOUVER CANUCKS
Sixth in Pacific with 56 points
Games Remaining : 27
Trend : Two things tend to trend in Vancouver : # TeamTank and # TeamPlayoffs . They ca n't be both , but sometimes that 's exactly what they seem . The team believes they 're good enough to make the playoffs . Few others .
Issue : Their core of Henrik and Daniel Sedin and goalie Ryan Miller are well past their best-before date . . . Their youth in Jake Virtanen and Troy Stetcher have a ways to go .
Chances : 7.1 per cent
Clayton Kershaw ran into trouble in the seventh , always a troublesome inning for Kershaw in the playoffs , to close within 7-4 .
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers , including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough .
SALEM , Ore. -- Grocery stores across Salem were reporting a growing shortage of bottled water Tuesday evening following reports of a fouled tap water supply .
KGW 's Tim Gordon was in the city Wednesday morning and the Safeway he was at renewed its supply of water overnight . The evening before was a different scene .
From WinCo Foods to Safeway , the amount of bottled water is dwindling or already gone , store officials said at multiple locations Tuesday night .
“ We 're just about out of bottled water , ” said Anna Stell , customer service clerk at Safeway on Center Street in Salem . “ We 're supposed to get a new shipment tonight , but we 're very close to being totally out . ”
The run on water was sparked by an announcement from the City of Salem that drinking water supplies have been contaminated by low levels of toxins created by algae blooms in Detroit Lake , source of the city 's water .
More : Salem drinking water contaminated , children advised to avoid tap water
Officials warned parents not to give tap water to children under 6 years old , and people with compromised health and immune systems also are being told not to drink tap water .
All totaled , about 185,000 people who live in Salem and the Santiam Canyon could be impacted .
People who heard the news and showed up to grocery stores Tuesday night were greeted by chaotic circumstances .
`` People were pushing — it was a madhouse , '' said Mark Schonbrun , 72 , who was standing in the parking lot of the WinCo in South Salem . `` I just came to get water for myself and my dog . ''
Nicki Keith , 39 , came to the WinCo with her daughter , Maya , who is 6 years old .
`` We got the news from her school , and since she 's right on the cusp for the age warning , we decided to come down and get bottled water for her , '' Keith said .
Salem-Keizer Public Schools will offer bottled water for students who are pre-K through first grade , district officials said Tuesday afternoon . This water will also be given to students who are medically fragile and students and staff who are nursing or pregnant .
As reports of bottled water shortages rolled in , those at grocery and convenience stores had echoed a common theme — supplies are running low .
“ We 're doing our best , ” Stell said . “ A lot of people have heard about the situation with the city 's tap water . ”
Zach Urness has been an outdoors writer , photographer and videographer in Oregon for 10 years . He is the author of the book “ Hiking Southern Oregon ” and can be reached at zurness @ StatesmanJournal.com or ( 503 ) 399-6801 . Find him on Twitter at @ ZachsORoutdoors .
© 2018 KGW
Share :
KARACHI - The Pakistan People 's Party Parliamentary Board continued interviews from hundreds of candidates for 13 national assembly and 29 provincial assembly of Sindh general seats in nine districts of Hyderabad Division at Bilawal House on Tuesday .
Parliamentary Board meeting was chaired by Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari and President PPPP Asif Ali Zardari and included the members President PPP Women Wing MNA Faryal Talpur , Sherry Rehman , Nisar Ahmed Khuhro , Syed Naveed Qamar , Syed Qaim Ali Shah , Syed Khursheed Ahmed Shah , Murad Ali Shah , Manzoor Wassan , Waqar Mehdi , Ali Nawaz Shah , and Shagufta Jumani . Candidates from Tando Mohammad Khan , Tando Allahyar , Jamshoro , Matiari , Hyderabad , Thatta , Sujawal , Dadu and Badin districts reached Bilawal House from noon to evening .
The Parliamentary Board conducted interviews for each national and provincial assembly separately .
a
WASHINGTON : The White House battled Tuesday to insulate Donald Trump from a scandal over his top aide´s contacts with Russia , as it emerged that the president was aware of the problem for weeks before acting .
With calls for an independent investigation gathering pace , the White House admitted that Trump was told three weeks ago that national security advisor Michael Flynn may have misled colleagues about his Kremlin contacts .
The retired three-star general and former head of US defense intelligence initially denied discussing sanctions strategy with Russia´s ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office .
That could have breached US law on negotiating with foreign powers , and at minimum was a significant break with the norm that incoming administrations accept the US has `` one government at a time . ''
Flynn was asked to resign on Monday , after what the White House said were weeks of internal investigation that turned up no evidence of wrongdoing but `` eroded '' trust .
The White House had painted Trump´s final decision as based on Flynn having misled Vice President Mike Pence .
But it emerged Tuesday that Trump kept his deputy , who publicly defended Flynn and repeated his claims , in the dark for two weeks .
`` The Vice President became aware of incomplete information that he had received on February 9 , last Thursday night , based on media accounts , '' said spokesman Marc Lotter .
Flynn is the third Trump aide to step back amid questions about his ties to Russia since the mogul began his improbable White House bid .
His departure follows those of election campaign manager Paul Manafort and Carter Page , an early foreign policy advisor to the candidate .
The unprecedented early resignation of a key member of staff has rocked an administration already buffeted by leaks , infighting and legal defeats .
Amid the tumult , the White House denied that Trump had instructed Flynn to discuss the possibility that Obama-era sanctions would be rolled back .
`` No , absolutely not . No , no , no , '' said White House spokesman Sean Spicer , when asked whether such a conversation took place .
Netcracker Technology Corp will not face criminal charges for allowing Russian nationals without security clearance to work on a US defense project after it agreed to adopt enhanced cybersecurity measures , authorities said on Monday . As part of a deal , the Massachusetts-based telecommunications firm voluntarily agreed to enact a new security plan that includes limiting remote foreign access to U.S. client networks and moving servers to the United States , the Justice Department said .
The settlement is the latest attempt by the U.S. government to bolster the cybersecurity of federal networks due to rising alarm about how foreign governments may be seeking to pry into them . U.S. officials have been especially concerned about Russian security services following the Kremlin 's alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election . “ The new security structure will limit the information that will be sent to , stored in , or accessed from overseas locations , and provides protocols for removing or obscuring sensitive data , ” the Justice Department said in a letter outlining the agreement with Netcracker .
It added that it hoped the security plan , which Netcracker will make available to others in the industry , would become a model for other companies operating within critical infrastructure applications . Netcracker employed Russian nationals living in Russia who lacked security clearance to work on a project for the Defense Information Systems Agency ( DISA ) , which manages classified and unclassified global telecommunications infrastructure for the Pentagon , according to a statement of facts contained within the letter .
Netcracker believed such work was acceptable under the terms of the contract because those individuals were not provided with classified or sensitive customer-specific information , according to the letter . The letter also said that DISA was aware of the company 's use of Russian programmers when the contract was negotiated in 2007 . In a statement , Netcracker said the agreement validated that the company had committed no wrongdoing and performed all obligations under its contract and that it was voluntarily investing millions to create a new cybersecurity framework .
“ We are proud to work with the US government to enhance Netcracker 's capabilities and technology , and we hope these security protocols will serve as a model for the kind of security expected in the industry , ” Chief Executive Andrew Feinberg said . NetCracker agreed in 2015 to pay $ 11.4 million to resolve civil allegations that it allowed Russian nationals without security clearances to work on the defense contract following a whistleblower complaint .
PanARMENIAN.Net - North American rights to Roman Polanski 's thriller “ Based on a True Story ” have been sold to Sony Pictures Classics , Variety reports .
The French-language thriller will be distributed by Sony Classics in partnership with RatPac Entertainment . It 's the second deal for Sony Classics on a Polanski project following 2011 's “ Carnage . ”
“ Based on a True Story ” stars Emmanuelle Seigner as a Parisian author with writer 's block who discovers a mysterious woman — played by Eva Green — at a book signing .
The producer is Wassim Beji of WY Productions . Olivier Assayas and Polanski adapted the movie from Delphine de Vigan 's novel of the same name .
The thriller marks Polanski 's first project since making his 2013 drama “ Venus in Fur. ” “ Based on a True Story ” was published in 2015 and won the Prix Renaudot and high school prize Goncourt des Lyceens .
“ I am very pleased that Sony Pictures Classics will be distributing ‘ Based on a True Story ' in North America , ” Polanski said . “ Sony Classics is a company that has a long tradition in supporting European cinema . I am looking forward to working again with Michael Barker and Tom Bernard . ”
Sony Classics issued a statement : “ ‘ Based on a True Story ' is the kind of thriller audiences are hungering for , as exceptional and fresh as ‘ Repulsion ' and ‘ The Tenant ' were in their day . Polanski 's new film promises to be his very best . ”
The deal was announced at the Berlin Film Festival . The news was first reported by Screen .
16th Annual Audrey Grace Online Benefit Auction Kicks Off Monday , Dec. 11
The 16th Annual Audrey Grace Auction starts Monday , December 11th right here on the Pleasurehorse Delphi Forum . It will CLOSE Sunday December 17th 5 pm EASTERN time . The highest bid following the proper bidding increments ( you can always bid more but has to be at LEAST by increment listed in opening post ) at 4:59 pm EASTERN time on the 17th wins the breeding or item . Even if a higher bid comes in at 5 pm the bid on or before 4:59 wins the auction .
To look at the Breedings and Items go to the far top left side of your screen . Click on the LIGHT BLUE folder named : Audrey Grace Stallions , Audrey Grace Items and Audrey Grace Items 2 . This forum can only show 50 total ( in all folders ) messages at a time so you must CLICK on that folder to list all 37 Stallions , 30 items in Audrey Grace items and 30 items in Audrey Grace Items 2 folders .
You can read more and visit the donor 's website by going to http : //www.pleasurehorse.com/content/audrey-grace-auction/ .
To place a bid follow the minimum bid and bid increments ( you can always bid higher but must at least bid up by bid increments ) requirements listed in EVERY opening post . Hit the reply button on the bottom of the listing . Place your bid and first and last name . If you are bidding on an item or breeding with many bids PLEASE post to the highest bid so that person knows they have been outbid .
When the auction is over there will be an official post made to EACH high bidder stating they are the winner . You will have until Monday January 15th , 2018 to pay for your Breeding or Item . You can pay by check ( preferred made out to NEW HORIZONS 11616 Wander Ln Dallas , TX 75230 ) or paypal IF you mark it gift so no fees are taken out . No Item or Breeding contracts will be sent out until they are paid in full . Once we receive payment we will notify the donor so they can send the Item or Breeding Contract out . PLEASE remember to send your name , what Item or Breeding it is for and full address with payment .
EVERY penny made in this Auction goes directly to the Children of New Horizons . The site has been generously donated by PLEASUREHORSE.COM and all employee hours have been donated . All the Items and Breedings have been donated as well . If you know one of the donors please tell them Thank you for being so generous . It is through them we are able to raise over $ 30K every year in this Auction . New Horizons is a licensed 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) https : //www.newhorizonsinc.com/
Please open your hearts and wallets for this wonderful event .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Opgen Inc :
* OPGEN ANNOUNCES PRICING OF $ 12 MILLION UPSIZED PUBLIC OFFERING
* ‍THE UNITS ARE BEING OFFERED AT A PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE OF $ 3.25 PER UNIT​
* ‍PRICING OF A PUBLIC OFFERING OF AN AGGREGATE OF 3.7 MILLION UNITS
* ‍UNITS ARE BEING OFFERED AT A PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE OF $ 3.25 PER UNIT​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Members of the non-profit organization Give More HUGS ( Help Unite Giving Souls ) will travel to Dominica from March 21-26 for a service trip to support school and community partners in the Kalinago Territory .
The nonprofit 's mission began on the island of Dominica while founder and Executive Director , Chris McGilvery , and wife and Ross University School of Medicine Alumni , Dr. Taryn McGilvery , lived and experienced the beauty and culture of the island .
“ The people are kind and generous , and we became close to many families and school administrators . I realized that there are children who need access to basic school supplies and books , which led me to start a nonprofit to help children in Dominica . Dominica gave us so much and we are just grateful for the opportunities that came from this strong , beautiful and resilient Nature Island , ” explained Chris .
Since the island was hit by Hurricane Maria , the Give More HUGS organization has planned to help support their community and school partners .
“ The island was home to several thousand Ross University School of Medicine ( RUSM ) students , faculty , staff , and families , and we could n't just stand and watch the devastation from afar . We knew that we had to give back to Dominica , and we hope that we can continue to support schools through the coming years . Our RUSM community came together to help raise funds which has enabled
us to ship 17 pallets of supplies to the island since October 2017 , ” stated Chris McGilvery .
Give More HUGS plans to support the schools in the Kalinago Territory and community partners to provide the much-needed supplies . Ross University School of Medicine Spouses Organization members Ann Aro and Chelsea Webster helped coordinate a volunteer weekend in Houston to ship eight pallets of supplies for Salybia Primary , Sineku Primary , Atkinson Primary and Dublanc Primary Schools .
“ Our relief efforts are really part of a larger team . This would not be possible without the support and assistance from so many ,
including people who have never had the pleasure of visiting Dominica . My time living on island was life-changing and I am honored to be part of a team who wants Dominica to know we love you , ” said Chelsea Webster .
They also created 200 community bags to give to families in the northern region of the island . The bags include solar lamps , rice/beans , laundry detergent , first aid kits , and snacks to give back to families in Dominica .
“ The people of Dominica and their beautiful island will always hold a piece of my heart . My family and I feel honored to be able to help the island that forever changed our lives , ” expressed Ann Aro .
The GMH mission continues to be spread throughout Dominica , and the
team invites high school and college students to apply to be a HUGS Ambassador to help continue the mission of helping schools in Dominica .
Visit http : //www.givemorehugs.org/hugs-ambassador to apply today . Deadline to apply is May 31 , 2018 .
Give More HUGS ' team dreams that each student is granted the opportunity to obtain and actively participate in a quality education . They are planning a set of service trips for the upcoming years to ensure students in Dominica have the supplies and support necessary to achieve their goals and dreams .
2018 FFN Golden Tour Camille Muffat – Nice
Friday , February 2 – Sunday , February 4 , 2018
Prelims 8:30am GMT+1 ( 2:30am EST/11:30pm PST ) ; finals 5pm on Friday ( 11am EST/8am PST ) , 4:30pm on Saturday ( 10:30am EST/7:30am PST ) , and 3:30pm on Sunday ( 9:30am EST/6:30am PST )
Piscine Jean Bouin , Nice
50m
Brochure
Psych sheet
Live results
The international swimmers were once again among the top performers on Day Two of the “ Meeting International de Nice FFN Golden Tour Camille Muffat ” . Tunisia 's Mohamed-Aziz Ghaffari and Mehdi Lagili kicked off Saturday night 's finals with a 1-2 finish in the 400 free , touching ahead of Damien Joly ( 3:54.05 ) in 3:53.15 and 3:53.37 , respectively . Lithuania 's Giedrius Titenis followed up with a win in the 200 breast ( 2:13.56 ) , adding to the gold he won in the 50 breast on Friday . Hungary 's David Verraszto finished second in 2:14.92 . He later won the 200 IM in 2:01.51 , just .09 ahead of Switzerland 's Jeremy Desplanches ( 2:01.60 ) . Great Britain 's James Guy led the field in the 200 fly , winning by .50 over Hungary 's Bence Biczo , 1:57.46 to 1:57.96 .
France 's Paul-Gabriel Bedel edged countryman Thomas Avetand , 56.38 to 56.66 , in the 100 back . In an all-French podium , Jérémy Stravius took home the gold in the 100 free with 49.60 ahead of Mehdy Metella ( 49.78 ) and Alexandre Derache ( 50.39 ) .
On the women 's side , Nice 's own Charlotte Bonnet doubled with wins in the 200 free ( 1:57.28 ) and 50 free ( 25.01 ) . Her 200 was almost a half-second faster than in Geneva two weeks ago . Fanny Deberghes , who had won the 50 free on Friday , edged Fantine Lesaffre , 2:29.96 to 2:30.78 , to claim victory in the 200 breast . Lesaffre , meanwhile , took home the gold in the 200 IM , winning easily in 2:16.38 . Second place went to Serbia 's Anja Crevar ( 2:20.36 ) , who also made the podium in the 200 free ( 3rd with 2:02.89 ) . Mathilde Cini clocked a 1:01.85 in the 100 back to pocket the gold , adding to the bronze she 'd earned in the 50 back on Friday . Lara Grangeon earned her fourth medal in as many events with her 2:11.83 win in the 200 fly . On Friday she 'd won the 1500 free , taken second in the 800 free , and placed third in the 400 IM .
Saturday Finals
Friday Finals
Prize Money
Nice stage
1st – gold medal and 400 €
2nd – silver medal and 200 €
3rd – bronze medal and 150 €
General rankings
The top 5 women and top 5 men , based on points , after 3 stages of the Golden Tour will earn a total combined purse of 30,000 € . Points will be awarded as follows : 1st in event = 5 points , 2nd in event = 3 points , 3rd in event = 1 point . The Golden Tour bonus prize money will be allocated :
This week , the nonpartisan Pew Research Center released a study showing that news coverage of President Trump 's first 100 days in office had been , on average , far more negative than coverage of the previous three presidents .
Trump supporters , including White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders , seized on the study as evidence that the press treats Trump unfairly — an assessment that the study itself did not make .
The rest of the week 's events provided a perfect example of what 's wrong with any equation of “ negative ” with “ unfair. ” The study analyzed the language used in news articles . Stories about successes and accomplishments get scored as positive ; stories about failures , dissension and misstatements add to the negative count . Coverage of Trump looks negative because , as this week showed , a lot of negative things happen .
Good afternoon , I 'm David Lauter , Washington bureau chief . Welcome to the Friday edition of our Essential Politics newsletter , in which we look at the events of the week in Washington and elsewhere in national politics and highlight some particularly insightful stories .
SECRETARY OF STATE SEES A MORON
Amid all the news of the week , one event epitomized the state of the Trump administration — Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's news conference Wednesday in which he denied he was planning to resign , pledged his fealty to Trump , but conspicuously did not deny he had referred to the president earlier this year as a “ moron . ”
The remark , first reported by NBC News , set off a furor in the White House when Trump learned of it Wednesday morning . Trump 's characteristic response was to rage at his aides and denounce NBC in a Twitter message : “ NBC news is # FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN . They are a disgrace to good reporting . No wonder their news ratings are way down ! ” he declared , inaccurately since NBC 's news ratings have been strong this year .
As Trump flew to Las Vegas , Chief of Staff John Kelly stayed behind , reportedly huddling with Tillerson and others to craft the response that the secretary of State delivered a few hours later .
On Capitol Hill , meanwhile , Tillerson 's backers defended him .
Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) , who last week announced that he will not run for another term , praised Tillerson , telling reporters that the secretary of State , Kelly and Defense Secretary James N. Mattis , “ help separate our country from chaos . ”
He declined to say who he had in mind as a generator of chaos , but he did n't need to . In August , Corker publicly said the “ the president has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability , nor some of the competence , that he needs , ” and he 's stood by those words since .
The incident put into one package much that has characterized Trump 's tenure so far : internal dissension , public questioning of the president 's competence , an emphasis on personality over policy , and all of it involving administration officials and fellow Republicans , with Democrats playing the role of gleeful bystanders .
WHITHER THE IRAN DEAL ?
Not that an emphasis on policy would necessarily be more positive for the administration .
The biggest , immediate foreign policy issue on the agenda this month involves Iran and the nuclear deal that was one of President Obama 's signature — and most controversial — achievements . Trump has repeatedly denounced the deal , but this week , some of his top national security aides voiced support for continued U.S. adherence to it , as Tracy Wilkinson , Bill Hennigan and Brian Bennett reported . Both Mattis and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told Congress that maintaining the deal was in the national interest .
Trump is determined not to continue certifying that Iran is in compliance with the deal , even though administration officials concede that the Iranians have , in fact , complied with its terms . Next week , he 's expected to deliver a speech in which he 'll announce that he 's not going to issue another certification .
That will kick the issue over to Congress , which could reimpose sanctions on Iran . Doing that would nullify the deal , which includes five other countries , and allow Tehran to restart its nuclear weapons program free of restraints . More likely , Congress will debate the issue and find a way for Republican opponents of the deal to demonstrate their unhappiness without doing anything substantive .
TAX CUT PLAN ALREADY SHRINKING
A renewed debate on Iran might not end up changing much on the nuclear deal , but it will eat uptime , especially in the Senate . And that could interfere with another administration priority : quick passage of a tax cut . If so , it would fit a pattern of the administration creating obstacles to achieving its goals .
While Google saw some terrible times with its fiber-optic gigabit internet connectivity , the company seems to add up some new plans to its Fiber centric initiative in some of the major cities of the United States . The company is about to relaunch the task of enforcing massive fiber connectivity in the country with certain major cities in its list for the next activity . As the latest insights are coming out Google Fiber 2.0 is sure to see some new extensions soon .
According to TechRepublic , A number of new developments have been witnessed by many on the `` new cities '' section of the Google Fiber 's official website recently . It seems that the authorities have moved Louisville , Kentucky from its list of `` Potential '' cities to the list of `` Upcoming '' cities . Which indicates that Google Fiber 's upcoming reach would be these two cities , joining the list with San Antonio , Texas and Huntsville , Alabama .
Among the three cities which have qualified to be on the 'Upcoming '' cities list , Louisville , Kentucky are regarded to be the major beachheads for Google Fiber 's next implementation program . If the chalked out plan are intensified properly , then Google Fiber will turn into the most potential rival to AT & T Fiber in the city of Louisville , as per a report by Digital Trends .
Advertisement
However , the city 's administration seems to support Google Fiber on its following initiative . Reports suggest that Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer helped Google by passing a `` One Touch Make Ready '' ordinance in Louisville which would allow the members and employees of Google Fiber to attach their cable and perform any kind of necessary checks and inspections .
This has caused the city to engage in a direct conflict with AT & T , as the connectivity giant has sued the administration of Louisville . The issue is still in queue and left to be settled . To fuel this internet connectivity competition , the crew members of AT & T are now also taking up the task of wiring Lousiville with their fiber cables .
Ben Affleck wo n't direct and star in his forthcoming Batman film if he feels the script is n't up to scratch .
The actor and director took over the role of Bruce Wayne in last year 's critically panned Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
As well as starring in the role of the Caped Crusader , Affleck , whose 2012 directorial effort Argo won a Best Picture Oscar , is also directing the upcoming DC Comics movie - tentatively titled The Batman .
However the 44-year-old star has now revealed that there currently is n't a script in place and if he is n't happy with how the movie is shaping up , he 'll walk away from the project .
He told Britain 's The Guardian newspaper : “ That 's the idea . But it 's not a set thing and there 's no script . If it does n't come together in a way I think is really great I 'm not going to do it . ”
via GIPHY
Affleck 's comments are in stark contrast to his remarks in an interview with Variety magazine last month , in which he said , “ We 're on the right track with that ( the Batman film ) and everything is coming together . We 're still finishing up a script . I 'm very excited . ”
The new Batman movie has yet to receive an official release date , but will reportedly feature Magic Mike star Joe Manganiello as the villain Deathstroke .
Affleck has had problems with superhero films in the past , having starred as the title character in the 2003 flop Daredevil .
The actor later disowned the movie as a cynical money making exercise , telling Entertainment Weekly : “ Daredevil did n't work at all . If I wanted to go viral , I would be less polite . That was before people realized you could make these movies and make them well . There was a cynical sense of ‘ put a red leather outfit on a guy , have him run around , hunt some bad guys , and cash the cheque ' . ”
Affleck will however return as Batman in Justice League , scheduled for release in November .
via GIPHY
ICCI organises ceremony to celebrate
Independence Day
ISLAMABAD ( NNI ) : The Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( ICCI ) on Monday organised a ceremony to celebrate the Independence Day . ICCI President Khalid Iqbal Malik , hoisted the Pakistani flag at the occasion . ICCI Senior Vice President Khalid Malik , ICCI Vice President Tahir Ayub , Founder Group Chairman Khalid Javed , ICCI former presidents Muhammad Akram , Mian Shaukat , Muhammad Ejaz , Zafar Bakhtawari as well as a large number of business community including Khalid Chaudhry , Naeem Siddiqui , Mian Ramzan , Nasira Ali and others were present on the occasion . A cake cutting ceremony was also held to celebrate the Independence Day . Speaking at the occasion , the ICCI president said that Pakistan was achieved as an independent country after great sacrifices and every person of the nation has to play effective role for its development . He said , “ Pakistan was endowed with a lot of natural resources and we as a nation have to work hard to make it a progressive and prosperous country . ”
“ Business community is playing key role in the economic development of Pakistan and we should redouble our efforts to make Pakistan a dignified nation in the world , ” he added .
The ICCI senior vice president said that Pakistan was achieved as an independent country for a great cause . “ But we have to still go a long way to fulfil that cause , ” he added . The ICCI vice president said that “ We as a nation should make strenuous efforts to strengthen the economy of Pakistan and to make it a great country in the world . ”
Khalid Javed , Muhammad Akram Farid , Mian Shaukat Masud , Ejaz Abbasi , Zafar Bakhtawari and others also spoke at on the occasion and resolved to play role for making Pakistan a strong economy of the world . Irish consumer sentiment climbs to fresh post-Brexit high in July
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) : Irish consumer sentiment inched up in July to its highest level in 17 months , a survey showed on Monday , on strong economic growth and signs consumers may be a little less worried about the economic impact of Brexit . The KBC Bank Ireland/ESRI Consumer Sentiment Index climbed to 105.1 in July from 105.0 in June , its highest level since February last year , though well below the 15-year high of 108.6 posted in January 2016 . Ireland 's economy has been the best performing in Europe for the past three years , with unemployment falling sharply and house prices rising . Concerns about neighbouring Britain 's vote to leave the European Union last June have weighed on sentiment , but the authors said there were signs concerns were easing . Fears that U.S. President Donald Trump planned tax reform might damage Ireland 's foreign-investment dependent economy also appear to be abating , amid a legislative logjam in Washington , said Austin Hughes , KBC Bank Ireland Chief Economist .
`` Our sense is that Irish consumers had braced themselves for some fallout from Brexit and/or changed U.S. economic policies but the first half of 2017 has proven notably less traumatic for the Irish economy than may have been feared , '' he said .
While consumers view of the overall economy was strong , there was a slight fall in consumers ' views of their personal financial position in July compared with the previous month .
`` Our sense is that this reflects limited income growth and the perception that they are not sharing adequately in the widely heralded economic recovery , '' Hughes said .
Euro zone June industry output drops by more than expected
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) : Industrial output in the 19 countries sharing the euro currency fell by more than expected in June , as the production of capital and durable goods fell following sharp increases in the previous month , European statistics office Eurostat said on Monday . Factory output fell most in Ireland and Malta , while the euro zone 's two largest economies , Germany and France also showed a decline . Italy and the Netherlands showed an increase in monthly output , however . Overall , industrial production in the euro area fell by 0.6 percent in June but still increased by 2.6 percent on an annual basis , staying below the 0.5 percent drop forecast in a Reuters poll of 32 economists . After a 2.2 percent monthly rise in May , the production of capital goods , such as machinery , fell by 1.9 percent . The output of durable consumer goods declined 1.2 percent in June following a 1.4 percent rise in May . For May , Eurostat revised its overall estimates downwards by 10 basis points , to 1.2 percent for the monthly and 3.9 percent for the annual reading .
Sudan 's inflation tops 34pc in July after US defers sanctions ruling
KHARTOUM ( Reuters ) : Sudan 's annual inflation rate rose to 34.23 percent in July from 32.63 in June , the central statistics office said on Monday , partly reflecting the postponement of a U.S. decision on whether to lift economic sanctions permanently . The Sudanese pound has weakened and prices have climbed since the United States said on July 11 it was deferring the sanctions decision for three months . `` The prices are increasing on a daily basis , and we ca n't live like this . Our income is the same ... and the government does n't care about the people , and we do n't know what will happen or what we should do to be able to live , '' said Rabab Ahmed , a 38-year-old day labourer . Sudan says it has complied with all U.S. demands for lifting sanctions over human rights and other issues , which have been in place for 20 years and have hobbled the economy . Former US President Barack Obama temporarily lifted the sanctions for six months in January , suspending a trade embargo , unfreezing assets and removing financial sanctions .
But the United States said in June it was still `` very concerned '' about human rights .
Sudan 's economy has struggled since the south seceded in 2011 , taking with it three-quarters of the country 's oil output , its main source of foreign currency and government income .
The government cut fuel and electricity subsidies in November in a bid to tighten its finances . Petrol prices rose by about 30 percent , leading to broader inflation .
Jump to a Region
© 2018 Global News , a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News . All rights reserved .
Last May , Vinday Athwal suffered a massive heart attack while driving on the Coquihalla highway .
“ It felt like somebody was sitting on my chest . I could n't even breathe , ” she said .
After months in the hospital , doctors knew she was n't going to recover fully . She needed a transplant .
“ She initially waited in hospital for an organ for over two months , ” Dr. Anson Cheung , a surgeon at Vancouver 's St. Paul 's Hospital , said .
Doctors at St. Paul 's Hospital inserted a ventricular assist device ( VAD ) in her body . It 's a small pump that does the work her damaged heart ca n't .
READ MORE : Vancouver doctor performs three heart transplants in 24 hours
Doctors hope the VAD will keep her alive long enough to make it to surgery .
“ It 's just a bridge until I get a transplant , ” she said .
“ It 's just a waiting game now , ” Athwal added . “ Thank God I had the VAD because at least I 'm waiting at home instead of being in the hospital . You get to see your kids every day . ”
As they wait for a transplant , the Athwal family has made it their goal to see more people on the donor registry .
They 're focusing particular attention on members of the South Asian community , who make up just one per cent of registered donors .
“ The numbers in the South Asian community are not where I would like to see it , ” husband Ray Athwal said .
Those interested in registering as an organ donor can do so at the B.C . Transplant website .
-With files from Aaron McArthur
Police have laid impaired driving charges against a London man after a motorist struck a stop sign and a utility pole northeast of Sarnia over the weekend .
OPP say it happened on Townsend Line in Lambton Shores at around 4 p.m. on Sunday .
According to investigators , the driver of a Volkswagen Passat struck a stop sign and then collided with a hydro pole .
No injuries were reported , but the hydro pole sustained minor damage and the stop sign was destroyed .
READ MORE : Drunk driving charges laid after car strikes home on Culver Drive
Police arrested a suspect , who was taken to the Lambton OPP Petrolia detachment for breath testing , which resulted in readings almost three times the legal limit .
A London man , 71 , has been charged with impaired driving and driving with more than 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood .
He 's scheduled to appear in a Sarnia court on September 11 .
A dramatic , three-vehicle New Brunswick crash involving a logging truck has claimed the life of a Canton-des-Basques man .
Tracadie RCMP say the man was driving on Highway 11 near Six Roads Thursday afternoon when his car crossed the centre line and collided with a transport truck hauling logs .
READ MORE : 3 arrested after threats force lockdown of multiple schools in New Brunswick
Police say the driver of the car died at the scene , while a female passenger was taken to hospital with serious injuries .
They say the driver of a second car was unable to avoid the collision , but the 27-year-old woman and her two children under the age of five were not injured .
RCMP says the truck driver lost control of his rig following the collision and went off an overpass , slamming into the road below .
READ MORE : Two N.B . men charged with the murder of Wayne Rattray plead guilty to manslaughter
They say the 43-year-old man was taken to hospital but is expected to survive his injuries .
Marine Minute
I 'm Lance Corporal Savannah Mosby with your Marine Minute .
U.S. Marines and sailors with the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit loaded equipment and supplies onto a landing craft October 5th to provide support for victims of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico . The 26th MEU is supporting the Federal Emergency Management Agency to assist those affected .
Also in the Corps ,
Marines with Marine Wing Support Squadron 171 concluded exercise Kamoshika Wrath at Haramura Maneuver Area , Japan , October 7th . During the exercise , they conducted convoy operations , chemical biological radiological nuclear defense drills and survivability training to prepare for real-world scenarios .
On this day in Marine Corps history in 1917 ,
The 8th Marines were activated at Quantico , Virginia . During the 1920s , they participated in operations against rebels in Haiti for over five years . During World War II , the regiment was assigned to the 2d Marine Division and earned three Presidential Unit Citations for combat operations on Guadalcanal , Tarawa , Saipan , Tinian , and Okinawa .
That 's it for your Marine Minute , for more news around the Marine Corps go to Marines.mil .
Wed , June 14 : The Parti Québécois says there is a problem with English being spoken in Quebec workplaces . As Global 's Elysia Bryan-Baynes reports , the opposition party is hoping to table a bill that would limit employers ' ability to require English as a work skill .
Alejandro Águilar on our turbulent times
Posted on January 2 , 2017 by Sonoma Valley Sun
Friends and readers , here I am once more , sharing my feelings in these turbulent times . Is this the moment to be fearful ? Not at all . Even less is it a time to just be waiting for uncomfortable actions to be directed specifically at the Hispanic community . I refuse to take part in all this , especially when such feelings reach the spirit and psyche of our children .
On the contrary , I think that we have to nourish the faint hope of being rewarded , or at the least of being considered an important part of the machinery that moves this great nation ; of being allowed to work , and working together with the new administration , which as everyone knows from the outset has been labeled as anti-immigrant . If we ca n't do that , then in some way we have to be grateful that we are regarded as a priority , rising to the top in a sea of issues that a good president and his advisors need to know how to address , drawing on experience to resolve . After all , that is the job of the president . And definitely not to unleash any tainted feelings of prejudice toward a specific ethnic group .
What we know about our next president is little or nothing .
We do n't have full knowledge of what feelings he holds in his heart . We do n't know if he is the source of the anti-immigrant ideas or if he is merely a puppet representing an undisclosed social or economic plan , or racial hatred . Or if he simply sees the immigration issue as a piece of the puzzle that does n't fit .
What we do see on all sides is a new anxiety in the Hispanic community , a sense of an uncertain future . The diminished presence of our people in parks , schools , at jobs , in churches , etc. , together with the hurried preparations for what is hypothetically coming , reflect the insecurity and fear that we are breathing in the community .
Correctly or not , the Hispanic community is seen as one of the principal if not the principal reflector of the socio-political scene , which is better than being ignored . Approximately 50 % of Anglos – bureaucrats or not – support us , something that it would be very wrong not to mention . The other half is opposed to us . This unbalanced balance underlines the important if not the vital position at the heart of the social and economic system that our people have achieved over decades .
The president-elect and his team face no end of situations to be resolved in a very demanding political climate . Many enemies to if not conquer , at least convince . The constant commitment to make the country great not just for his sympathizers but for everyone . With all this a question arises : if he has a desk piled high with issues to be reviewed and resolved , with more questions than answers , is n't that enough political work that he does n't need to be thinking about a wall which will not solve anything , either in the short or long term ?
But this question will be answered over time . Our job now is to continue working as we have , to support the things we should , and together keep this ship afloat and headed in the direction of fair policies that benefit the many , not individuals or merely a few .
translated by Anna Pier
US President Donald Trump 's pick to be US Ambassador to Singapore , K.T . McFarland , has withdrawn her ambassadorial nomination after it had stalled in the Senate , a White House official said .
McFarland 's nomination had become embroiled in controversy over the Trump campaign 's contacts with Russian officials , the New York Times reported .
Some senators doubted her answers when she was asked about her knowledge of the discussions between fired National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and then Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak .
`` Unfortunately , some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post , '' Trump said in a statement .
The Senate eventually sent her nomination back to the White House at the end of 2017 and the White House decided to re-nominate the former deputy National Security Adviser in January despite warnings from Democrats that they were unlikely to support her .
McFarland , who formerly served as a commentator on Fox News , has long been controversial , the Times reported .
When she ran in 2006 for the US Senate seat then held by Hillary Clinton , McFarland was found to have made multiple exaggerations about her résumé .
Her opponent in the Republican primary race , John Spencer , routinely pointed out that McFarland had once claimed that helicopters were spying on her at Clinton 's request .
The 2018 Golden Globes nominations have been announced . The top film nominee is Guillermo del Toro 's romantic fantasy “ The Shape of Water ” with seven nominations and , with multiple nominations for “ Call Me By Your Name ” and “ The Post , ” there 's a wide range of choices and no clear front-runner . And thanks to HBO 's “ Big Little Lies , ” leading the TV field with six , followed by shows like FX 's “ Feud : Bette and Joan ” and “ The Handmaid 's Tale ” on Hulu , stories about women are taking center stage . Here is the Los Angeles Times ' complete coverage of the nominations including the full list of nominees , reactions , snubs , surprises and more .
LAHORE - A high-level meeting here on Friday , with Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif in the chair , reviewed a report on positive and negative mining areas to set up a cement plant in the province . On this occasion , the chief minister said that international consultants had done a wonderful job by preparing the best recommendations after studying the case from every angle . He ordered formation of a committee , which would present a plan after reviewing recommendations . He said that ban on extension of cement plant should be implemented at every cost . Provincial ministers Rana Sanaullah , Chaudhry Sher Ali , Sheikh Allauddin , chief secretary , secretaries of various departments and international consultants also attended the meeting .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
The superintendent of the Nicola-Similkameen School District said Princeton Secondary School notified administration Monday morning that the school had confiscated a starter pistol from a student .
Superintendent Stephen McNiven said the starter pistol was discovered after another student reported to the office that a student may have a weapon .
“ We are very pleased that students in the school brought the information forward , ” McNiven said .
McNiven said the starter pistol was in the student 's bag .
READ MORE : Teen faces charges after imitation gun brought to Erin high school
“ There was no threat made that we are aware of at this point , ” McNiven said .
“ We do n't believe there was any direct threat or a threat of harm in relation to the starter pistol being brought to school . ”
McNiven said the district is going through its violent threat risk assessment protocol process , which includes finding out as much information about the incident as possible .
The school district is also working with the RCMP .
“ I think there is anxiety around the incident and that carries on today … we are going to do some debriefing around the event , ” McNiven said .
Starter pistols are what are used to start track and field events and do n't fire bullets .
It 's a busy life , is n't it ? There was a time when you could sip your coffee languidly and ask for an extra packet of sugar and described your weekend in great detail to any colleague who bothered to listen . But not now . Now , you straight away head to the important details . Did he or did he not ? You do n't have the patience to wait your turn at Starbucks , you carry your own flask on your way on most days . If that 's the life we have , it only makes sense to have everything in easy-to-use and functional-to-carry pouches . That explains why you need to have your beauty kit down pat .
There 's no need to wonder if a certain beauty water ‘ might ' just change your world . There 's no chance for mystery and curiosity , especially in beauty . Instead , we have a good list of products one needs to maintain great skin and occasionally , a wonderful skin revelation that keeps your spirits high . Here 's the best luxury beauty kit money can buy . Know what you must have , ideally have and things you can give a whirl because they yield exceptional results . It 's all about essentials and indulgences all put together into one tight ship of a beauty box .
Do remember that , when it comes to luxury products , there 's a lot on offer so these rules might help :
Always work with double-duty products . A toner-spritzer or highlighter and blush duo or scrub and face wash hybrid—you know , it works both ways . When trying a product for the first time , always go for the travel size . Bought a popular serum in full size that does n't suit your skin ? Just devastating . Ask for samples wherever you go . It really helps to have an idea so you do n't end up wasting product . One , know your skin type before you buy anything and look for specialised products for it . Two , know your skin 's needs—dry , sensitive , acne-prone , dehydrated—you need to know your problem . Age is not just a number when it comes to skincare . So , look for products that fit your skin age . For example , 20s you will be fighting off oiliness , your 30s are about losing hydration , your 40s are for rejuvenation , etc . Go beyond pretty packaging , cost and brand—look at ingredients . Vitamin C , retinol , hyaluronic acids , antioxidants and more . Look at skincare as an investment , so it always has to be long-term . The more interesting the ingredients , the better the pay off .
Here 's a kit tailor-made for you :
1 /13 Make-up removers : Clinique Take The Day Off Cleansing Balm , Rs 3,200 It 's USP is to quickly dissolve every bit of grime and make-up as the solid balm melts into your face like a silky oil . Cleanser : Dermalogica Daily Microfoliant , Rs 3,495 This Dermalogica cleanser works like a miracle—it 's just powder , you mix in a few drops of water and you have a great face wash . They even have a 13g pack for starters , try and see first ! Spritzer : Kama Ayurveda Rose Water , Rs 250 This one 's for women with combination/dry skin . It 's just a toner of sorts that can get your face ready for serums and moisturisers . And just the right amount of hydration . Toner : The Face Shop Chia Seed No Shine Hydrating Water , Rs 1,990 Now , toners are still on the debatable side of things but I 'll say , when in doubt , choose ones that have more advantages on offer . This Face Shop cleanser is an alcohol-free one and replenishes skin while removing excess sebum . Korean toners are really the best . Face oil : Decleor Aromessence Rose D'Orient Soothing Serum , Rs 4,500 approx Once in a while , you might want an oil that gets into your skin and makes it soft and supple—for that reason alone , you need a face oil . This one also doubles up as a serum . A blend of great essential oils , it 's all about giving you radiant skin . Sunscreen : Clinique SPF 50 Mineral Sunscreen Fluid For Face , Rs 2,150 If you 're looking for a standard gold star sunscreen , this one might just be the one . It 's lightweight and perfect for sensitive skin . Serum : Chanel Hydra Beauty Micro Serum , Rs 6,600 approx Though you have an oil , you need a full-blown serum that gets under your skin to give you glowing results . The Chanel formulation contains camellia micro-droplets and the powerful antioxidant , Blue Ginger that work on your skin from within . Vitamin C Serum : Kiehl 's Powerful Length Line-Reducing Concentrate , Rs 5,000 This one 's all about giving your skin a regular dose of vitamin C ( and it 's optional ) with all the trimmings . To be worn under your moisturiser . Moisturiser : Forest Essentials Soundarya Radiance Cream , Rs 4,200 This one 's a homegrown label and we love it just for that . It 's a rich and light textured day cream which gives your skin that much-needed glow and a natural facelift . And it 's an Ayurvedic formulation with SPF 25 . A winner by all counts . Eye cream : L'Occitane Immortelle Precious Eye Balm , Rs 3,050 This one stimulates collagen production and works for a firmer eye contour . Face mask : Dior DreamSkin 1-Minute Mask , Rs 4,700 Once in a week , you need a mask that will set your skin right . The ever-popular Dior one lives up to its name . Instant mask : Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair PowerFoil Mask , Rs 7,900 If you have an event to go to and you just have an hour , this mask will do your skin right and add radiance instantly . Everyday natural therapy : Good Earth Amritam Coconut Oil , Rs 1,200 And for every other skin problem , keep coconut oil handy . It 's a multi-purpose product that gets everything right—from makeup removing to the job of a moisturiser to a body lotion—coconut oil works as them all .
In case you missed it , here 's the previous story from the series : Did you know your hairstyle can make you look younger ?
Have n't been able to pick a concealer that matches your skin tone ? Has your face been breaking out even when you do n't overload your skin with different products ? We 're going back to basics with ‘ Beauty 101 ' , our series that 'll be your complete guide to everything beauty . Make sure you do n't miss a single story .
Rayon Sports coach Ivan Minnaert says his team carries the hopes of a nation as they aim to grow to be a top contender in African football .
The Rwandans can hold their heads up high after putting up a brave fight in their CAF Champions League preliminary round . They came out second best against Mamelodi Sundowns following a 2-0 loss .
Rayon will now compete in a playoff match for second place in the Confederation Cup .
`` It wo n't be easy in the playoffs but we need to be better . Not only do we want to make the Rayon fans happy but the Rwandan people as well , '' Minnaert said .
`` We know Rayon has more or less 80 % of the fans in the country . ''
The Belgian tactician took over at the club at the beginning of the season from Oliver Karekezi .
`` I think we still have to improve a little bit . But it was 18 days that I have been in charge of the team and we have made a complete change of the team . We just had the bad luck of having to play Sundowns . ''
The former Black Leopards coach has backed Pitso Mosimane 's team to dominate in the tournament .
`` Sundowns is always one of the favourites to go to the final . Together with Al Ahly , TP Mazembe , Zamalek and Wydad Casablanca they can win . ''
Minnaert feels some of his players can do well in South African league .
`` I think most of my players can play in the PSL . But they need the experience to grow . Football is also about a change of culture , and change of life ... maybe half of them can play here . ''
Cold Lake man was charged with attempted murder in relation to a home invasion that occurred in the city on Mar . 24 at around 9 p.m .
During the invasion , the homeowner was assaulted and sustained minor injuries , which required treatment in the hospital .
RCMP said the victim and the suspect are known to each other .
Web Industries ' ( Marlborough , Mass . ) new Thermoplastic Composite Development and Qualification Center is specifically designed , staffed , and equipped for the purpose of creating processes that format thermoplastic carbon fiber prepreg materials , including PEEK , PEKK and PPS , for use in various fabrication technologies . The facility is also employed to qualify the equipment that will process the new thermoplastic composite formats .
Apple added Airplay 2 support to iOS , tvOS , and HomePod OS with the 11.4 update . Now you can turn your HomePods into stereo speakers for that left/right channel audio . Here 's how .
What to do before you get started
Assuming you have already set up your HomePods in your house , there are a few things you 'll need to make sure you 've done before trying to make a stereo pair .
Make sure both HomePods have been set up . Make sure your iPhone has been updated to iOS 11.4 or higher . Make sure both HomePods have been updated to HomePod OS 11.4 or higher .
Once all of these are updated and ready to go , you can create a stereo pair with your HomePods .
How to create a stereo pair with two HomePods using AirPlay 2
If you 've invested in two HomePods and you want to keep them in the same room , the ideal setup is to group them using AirPlay 2 . This turns them into stereo speakers with left and right passthrough channels .
Launch the Home app on your iPhone . Long press on one of the HomePods . Tap Details . Tap Create Stereo Pair . Select the other Homepod you want to create a stereo pair with . Tap each HomePod in the Audio Settings to make sure they are properly identified as left and right . Tap Back to exit the Audio Settings screen .
Your two HomePods will be grouped into one location . Whenever you play music , it will come from both HomePods . You 'll be able to trigger Siri from the left HomePod by default , but you can switch Siri to the right HomePod by long-pressing on its touchscreen top .
How to ungroup your stereo-paired Homepods
If you decide you 'd prefer to set up your HomePods in different rooms , it makes the most sense to disengage the stereo pairing so both speakers work flawlessly in any room in the house .
Launch the Home app on your iPhone . Long press on the HomePod pair . Tap Details . Tap Ungroup Accessories . Tap Ungroup to confirm that you want to ungroup the two HomePods .
Any questions ?
Do you have any questions about how to create a stereo pair with your HomePods and Airplay 2 ? Put them in the comments and I 'll help you out .
Last week we examined the strong points for each Top 25 team . It seems only fair that this week we consider what might derail their high hopes .
Alabama did n't lose just one or two defensive backs . It lost all four starters in the secondary , plus its top reserve . Oh , and it also has a new position coach in Karl Scott . -- Alex Scarborough
Defensive coordinator Brent Venables complained all spring about the lack of depth in the secondary , particularly at cornerback . Trayvon Mullen made strides , but there 's no doubt the Tigers are going to need much more out of him , Mark Fields and A.J . Terrell this season . True freshmen Mario Goodrich and Kyler McMichael are expected to get in the mix during fall practice . -- Andrea Adelson
There are no glaring weaknesses on the Buckeyes ' roster , but linebacker is worth monitoring entering the summer , especially after Tuf Borland 's Achilles ' injury suffered in spring practice . Borland ( 58 tackles in 2017 ) is Ohio State 's lone returning starter at linebacker , as both Jerome Baker and Chris Worley depart . Hopes are high for young players such as sophomore Baron Browning , and if Dante Booker can stay healthy , he brings experience to the group . Although Ohio State also loses quite a bit at cornerback , it has recruited at a high level there . -- Adam Rittenberg
Editor 's Picks Alabama upends Clemson in post-spring Top 25 The Crimson Tide and Tigers have quarterback battles brewing that will last into the summer . But the defending national champions will do what Nick Saban has always done : reload and aim to repeat .
It will be a bunch of fresh , unproven faces at linebacker this season in Athens . Replacing Roquan Smith in the middle of the defense is the top priority , of course , but do n't forget about outside linebacker , where Lorenzo Carter and Davin Bellamy are both gone . -- Scarborough
The Sooners should be improved at cornerback , but safety remains a huge concern . Incoming freshman Brendan Radley-Hiles , who starred in the spring , is already assured of manning either nickelback or back safety . But OU will need others to emerge to solidify a secondary that has been unreliable the past two seasons . -- Jake Trotter
6 . Washington : Wide receiver
The Huskies have no clue who will be their go-to receiving threat this fall . With Dante Pettis gone , Washington finds itself pretty young at receiver , and though guys got valuable reps this spring , no one has assumed No . 1 status . Junior Aaron Fuller returns as the most accomplished receiver with just 291 yards on 26 catches last season . -- Edward Aschoff
Despite a historic run of producing top-10 defenses , Wisconsin has , at times , been exposed in the back end , as in its past two Big Ten championship game losses . The Badgers must replace three starters , including both cornerbacks . Safety D'Cota Dixon is back to lead the group , but Wisconsin will be relying on mostly unproven players to prevent some of the coverage busts that surfaced in the Ohio State loss last season . Defensive coordinator Jim Leonhard , a former All-America safety at Wisconsin , told ESPN.com this spring that he 's confident in the athleticism of the group . But players will need to grow up in a hurry . -- Rittenberg
8 . Miami : Offensive line
The Hurricanes ' offensive line remains a work in progress after the spring , as coach Mark Richt has taken to repeating that mantra . But there are other areas that could use some improvement , including chemistry between the quarterbacks and receivers . Richt has placed an emphasis on trying to hit more explosive plays in the passing game . -- Adelson
9 . Michigan State : Pass rush
It 's hard to find an obvious concern with a team that returns 20 starters following a 10-win season . But Michigan State needs to find a second pass-rusher to complement Kenny Willekes , who led the team and tied for third in the Big Ten with seven sacks last season . The Spartans lose linebacker Chris Frey , an effective blitzer who had a team-high nine quarterback hurries to go with four sacks , and end Demetrius Cooper , who contributed 2.5 sacks and seven quarterback hurries . Senior Dillon Alexander adds some experience , and junior Justice Alexander and sophomore Jacub Panasiuk are names to watch opposite Willekes . -- Rittenberg
10 . Michigan : Offensive line
The Wolverines have a few issues to solve on offense this offseason , but they wo n't be able to make much progress without first shoring up the line of scrimmage . New line coach Ed Warriner has some promising road-graders to work with on the interior , but the tackles are unproven and without much depth heading into 2018 . -- Dan Murphy
11 . West Virginia : Defensive line
To address its biggest question mark , West Virginia went out and landed two graduate transfers in Kenny Bigelow Jr. ( USC ) and Jabril Robinson ( Clemson ) . The Mountaineers will be counting on both to shore up a run defense that was last in the Big 12 in 2017 . -- Trotter
I could go with offensive line chemistry or the safety position , but if Wimbush does n't improve in high-stress situations , it 's hard to see Notre Dame contending for the playoff . Notre Dame structured much of its offseason around simulating chaos , likely with Wimbush in mind after he struggled down the stretch , completing just 44 percent of his passes with two multi-interception performances in the final four games . Wimbush took the necessary steps to improve in the winter and spring , but if it does n't translate against Michigan on Sept. 1 , Notre Dame likely will have to recalibrate its expectations . -- Rittenberg
13 . Penn State : Tight end
All-conference tight end Mike Gesicki led the team in receptions ( 57 ) and touchdowns ( 9 ) last year . He and second-stringer Tom Pancoast are both gone . While the Nittany Lions ' secondary also has some major gaps to fill , it looks like it will be harder to replace the game-changing offensive weapon at tight end . -- Murphy
The defense as a whole has a lot of questions to answer going forward , but the secondary really has a lot of uncertainly with the losses of top players Justin Reid and Quenton Meeks . It 's hard to say how close the Cardinal have come to replacing those guys after spring practice was plagued by a rash of injuries . Alijah Holder could be one of the Pac-12 's best shutdown corners , but he has suffered serious injuries in his past , making durability an issue . -- Aschoff
15 . Virginia Tech : Wide receiver
The Hokies are inexperienced at linebacker , but they also have some work to do at receiver , a position that does n't have much cover now that Cam Phillips is gone . Among the leading contenders to step up and fill the void : Hezekiah Grimsley , transfer Damon Hazelton , Eric Kumah , Phil Patterson and Sean Savoy . This is largely an unproven group , and it 's one that needs to step up quickly . -- Adelson
16 . Mississippi State : Wide receiver
The most underperforming group of receivers in the SEC the past two seasons has n't improved overnight . At least not yet . Donald Gray is gone , and the hope is that the return of Malik Dear from injury and the addition of No . 1 juco prospect Stephen Guidry help pick up the slack and then some . -- Scarborough
Right now , you 'd have to say quarterback because neither redshirt sophomore Matt Fink nor redshirt freshman Jack Sears showed he was ready to replace early first-round pick Sam Darnold this spring . Fink has the only game experience , though very limited , and both he and Sears will be pushed by incoming freshman J.T . Daniels , who reclassified to the 2018 class . Fink and Sears ended spring more composed after struggling through the first half of practices . -- Aschoff
Defense is an area of transition for the Knights , not only because they have a new coordinator in Randy Shannon but also because they are going to play a new scheme that features more down linemen . UCF lost two solid starters in Jamiyus Pittman and Tony Guerad , who combined for 21 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks . Trysten Hill returns and will be expected to have a more productive season , but this is an area where the Knights will need more players to emerge . -- Adelson
19 . Auburn : Wide receiver
Jarrett Stidham was in need of playmakers at receiver before Eli Stove and Will Hastings both suffered serious injuries this spring . Now the outlook will be even more ominous if someone such as Nate Craig-Myers does n't step up . -- Scarborough
20 . TCU : Offensive line
The Horned Frogs graduated four starters off last season 's offensive line , leaving that as the major question going into the season . It would help if Anthony McKinney , the No . 1 incoming junior college tackle in the country , could nail down one of the bookend spots . -- Trotter
21 . Boise State : Wide receiver
The Broncos graduated All-Mountain West wideout Cedrick Wilson , who accounted for 83 receptions and a school-record 1,515 receiving yards . No returning Boise State pass-catcher had more than 33 catches or 500 yards last season . Brett Rypien might be the top returning quarterback in the Mountain West . But to be effective , he 'll need young targets , such as Octavius Evans , to emerge . -- Trotter
22 . Texas : Running back
Running back was a disaster for the Longhorns last season , as quarterback Sam Ehlinger amazingly led Texas in rushing with 381 yards , despite starting only six games . The Longhorns are banking that a pair of intriguing additions in Cal graduate transfer Tre Watson and ESPN 300 signee Keaontay Ingram will bolster the position . -- Trotter
23 . Texas A & M : Wide receiver
It 's a good thing Trayveon Williams is back and Jimbo Fisher likes running the football because there are n't many difference-makers at receiver to turn to now that Christian Kirk has moved on to the NFL . Jhamon Ausbon and Kendrick Rogers could develop into solid starters , but they 'll need time . -- Scarborough
The Ducks have questions about depth and experience at cornerback this season . Only sophomores Thomas Graham , who was a regular starter for the Ducks last season , and Deommodore Lenoir have seen game action in this group . Graham is the leader of the group , while Lenior dealt with inconsistencies his freshman year . Oregon 's corners had a very up-and-down spring and even had to use multiple walk-ons to help with numbers . -- Aschoff
25 . South Carolina : Tight end
When All-SEC tight end Hayden Hurst walked out the door for the NFL , South Carolina did n't have a clear option or two to replace him . Only Jacob August , K.C . Crosby and Kiel Pollard had catches last season , and even then they combined for just nine . -- Scarborough
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival .
Related : Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on . “ We 'll get through this together . See you Wednesday , ” she wrote adding the hashtag # VegasStrong .
Spears will be performing her Britney : Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December .
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT . Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today !
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Friday .
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy . New items are marked with ( * ) .
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases basket of goods used to calculate inflation in 2018 ( 0900 GMT ) and January flash CPI and HICP data ( 1000 GMT ) .
COMPANIES
FIAT CHRYSLER
Italy car sales rose 3.36 pct in January while Fiat 's market share was 28.5 percent .
FERRARI
Sportscar maker Ferrari is looking to double core earnings to 2 billion euros by no later than 2022 and become debt free a year earlier , betting on firm demand for supercars and new launches , including hybrids and a SUV .
( * ) INTESA SANPAOLO China 's CEFC is in talks with Intesa Sanpaolo to buy a stake in its soured loan unit , Il Sole 24 Ore said . The paper said the talks are running in parallel with those between Scandinavian debt collector Intrum Justitia and Intesa , it said .
( * ) CREDITO VALTELLINESE
The lender has raised the amount of bad loans it wants to sell by June to 2.2 billion euros , Il Messaggero said . Algebris and Bain will buy about 600 million euros of doubtful loans while Algebris will also take part in the bank 's planned 700 million euro cash call . The CET1 ratio end 2017 should be more than 10 percent , the paper said .
FINCANTIERI
The French Finance minister said on Thursday the alliance between Naval Group and Fincantieri would yield concrete industrial projects .
LEONARDO
The Italian Industry Minister said Leonardo will remain part of Fincantieri naval group .
( * ) SIAS , ASTM
The companies said that jointly controlled EcoRodovias signed an agreement to buy Brazil 's MGO for 600 million brazilian reals .
For Italian market data and news , click on codes in brackets :
20 biggest gainers ( in percentage ) ............
20 biggest losers ( in percentage ) .............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index ........
FTSE Allstars index ...
FTSE Mid Cap index ....
Block trades ..........
Stories on Italy ...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news , click on codes in brackets : European Equities speed guide ................... FTSEurofirst 300 index .............................. DJ STOXX index ...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors ........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors ...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors ................... Top 25 European pct gainers ....................... Top 25 European pct losers ........................ Main stock markets : Dow Jones ............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225 ............. Tokyo report ............ FTSE 100 ............... London report ........... Xetra DAX ............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40 ................. Paris market stories ... World Indices ..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook ......... Western European IPO diary .......................... European Asset Allocation ........................ Reuters News at a Glance : Equities ............... Main currency report : ...............................
This is Essential Politics , our daily look at California political and government news . Here 's what we 're watching right now :
Be sure to follow us on Twitter for more , or subscribe to our free daily newsletter and the California Politics Podcast .
Read our March archives here .
A minor was arrested over comments allegedly made on social media in the wake of a shooting at a Quebec courthouse that left an 18-year-old badly injured following an altercation with a special constable , Quebec provincial police confirmed .
Police said in a news release that they arrested a male youth in Maniwaki on Thursday on the charge of intimidating a justice system participant , and he was released on a promise to appear in court at a later date .
READ MORE : Man in stable condition after being shot in head at Maniwaki courthouse
The head of the union representing special constables said there have been online threats allegedly posted against the officer who was involved in the shooting , ever since video purporting to show Wednesday 's incident was posted online .
“ I find it unacceptable that people , without knowing the details of the investigation , without knowing exactly what happened , are taking a position and trying to threaten or intimidate a constable who was exercising their duties , ” Franck Perales said in an interview .
He said he hoped the public would keep calm and allow Quebec 's police watchdog to complete its investigation before jumping to conclusions .
WATCH : Guard 's union union says Maniwaki courthouse shooting is the result of a huge lack of staffing at smaller courthouses across Quebec .
Montreal and provincial police did not confirm whether they were investigating any other alleged threats .
An 18-year-old man was hospitalized after being shot in the head during the altercation at the Maniwaki courthouse on Wednesday .
Quebec 's police watchdog released a statement saying the man had managed to seize the constable 's baton and allegedly used it to strike the officer over the head at the courthouse , about 130 kilometres north of Ottawa .
The constable then took out a gun and fired it , hitting the 18-year-old at least once in the head , according to the statement .
A video purporting to show the shooting showed someone in uniform grappling with a man in a room lined with chairs , surrounded by several other people .
Moments later , the video shows an officer seemingly pointing a gun and shooting once towards a target that is off-camera , followed by the sound of screams .
READ MORE : March against police takes place in Montreal following Maniwaki shooting
The 18-year-old 's mother posted a message on her Facebook page on Friday saying her son 's condition was improving .
“ He will have to relearn to talk and eat but he is out of danger , ” she wrote , thanking those who had supported the family .
Perales said the constable is recovering from his own injuries and is still on sick leave .
“ He 's affected by everything he sees , everything he hears , ” he said .
Share This
PRESS RELEASE – Workshop assists business owners in the export of products and services to the European Market
THE OECS Commission has joined the Saint Lucia Government 's Department of Commerce , International Trade , Investment , Enterprise Development and Consumer Affairs in celebration of November as “ Business Month ” under the theme , “ Promoting an Entrepreneurial Culture – Innovation and Creativity ” .
In recognition of Business Month , a CARIFORUM–EU Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPA ) Workshop on Regional Business to Business Strategic Networking was held on November 28 , at the Finance Administrative Centre at Point Seraphine , Castries , where goods and services firms , as well as business support organizations of Saint Lucia and the wider OECS region , were exposed to a series of informative sessions on the export of products and services to the European Market .
Topics included :
• Preparing to export to the European market
• Defining value chains for your products and services
• Understanding rules and regulations
• Collaborating to export
Bradly Felix , Minister for Commerce , International Trade , Investment , Enterprise Development and Consumer Affairs , welcomed the workshop as timely , given that December marks 10 years since the conclusion of negotiations for the CARIFORUM-EU EPA .
Felix said the gathering offered a chance for stakeholders “ to collaborate and engage each other in a more methodical manner in devising ways to build businesses that stand a greater chance of entering the EU market .
“ As small open economies , international trade will always be the most significant part of our GDP . Competitiveness is what drives the capacity to survive in this type of environment , thus finding ways to export more of our goods and services must be top of our agenda .
“ The EPA provides some opportunities in that regard but we must be strategic in our domestic approach to using the agreement and we must engage the EU in a manner that leads to the conversion of market access , under the agreement , into effective market presence – especially for our service providers . ”
Head of the OECS Trade Policy Unit , Virginia Paul , said the OECS Commission was pleased to partner with the Government of Saint Lucia and the EU Delegation as they seek to bring greater awareness to the EPA .
“ The Commission has always sought to provide technical and financial support to enterprises and governments to help them take advantage of the EPA and this is an excellent opportunity for us to partner with agencies to facilitate a greater understanding of the rules and the arrangements for trading in Europe .
“ We are hoping that , not only in the plenary sessions but in the business-to-business session that follow , the workshop would allow for enterprises as well as representatives of agencies to have the opportunity to interact and share experiences of activities or initiatives that they have undertaken to be able to penetrate the market , ” Paul said .
Paul also noted that the provisions of the EPA are not limited to trade in goods and services but also allow for investment opportunities , cooperation and innovation — areas that the Commission also seeks to support .
Also in attendance at last week Tuesday 's workshop were several clients of the OECS Competitive Business Unit . Representatives from Dominica , Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines shared their thoughts on the workshop .
Dominica-based businessman John Robin , owner of Benjo'sSeamoss , thanked the organisers for reaching out to the business community in Dominica at this crucial time , following the devastation of Hurricane Maria , and outlined some of the areas that he hoped would be addressed at the informative gathering .
“ Traditionally , we have focused most of our efforts on growing and exporting raw material . I think the time has come where we need to stop the talking about value-added and begin developing a holistic approach .
“ A significant number of the products that are produced in the Caribbean have tremendous international potential if they are developed and are taken to the international markets . We need assistance with marketing and I think that if we are able to link with the right persons in the industry in this area , we can achieve much more , ” Robin said .
Theresa Jn . Baptiste , Marketing Manager for Sunfresh ( Winfresh ) Ltd. , said the collaborative aspect of the workshop would help to create much-needed synergies among member states .
“ When all member states come together , you find that there are more opportunities on the EU market . Perhaps we can do negotiations as CARIFORUM ; if we conduct negotiations as one , we are better positioned to penetrate the EU market , ” Jn . Baptiste commented .
Shelly-Ann Fraser , Sales and Marketing Executive for Vincyfresh ( Winfresh ) Ltd. , said the workshop was important for the Winfresh Group .
“ We know that the mandate for the EPA is to increase or stimulate economic growth among member states . As we are owned by the Government of the Windward Islands , we see this as an opportunity for us to capitalise on whatever trade opportunities are available to us among our member states , ” Fraser said .
The EPA is a trade and development agreement signed between the CARIFORUM and European Union Member States on October 15 , 2008 . The objectives of the EPA include , inter alia , promoting the integration of CARIFORUM States into the world economy and supporting the conditions for increasing trade and investment .
HTC is back at E3 this year for its sophomore turn at the gaming expo , after its first show in 2016 following closely on the heels of the Vive VR headset 's consumer launch . I spoke to HTC VP of VR Dan O'Brien at this year 's E3 , to find out a bit about how the company sees the market , its role therein and the state of VR in general now that it 's not the newest kid on the block .
We talked a bit about how important it is to see big games embrace the platform , including Bethesda 's Doom and Fallout VR titles ( it was n't yet public that Mario Kart would also be making its way to the Vive via Tokyo arcades , but the same conclusions apply ) . O'Brien was candid about how despite strong indie support , which HTC continues to prize , big name games coming to VR are sure to help it continue to mature as an industry , and attract new gamers who might 've been content to otherwise stay sat on the fence .
The Vive has also evolved from a hardware perspective , and O'Brien pointed out that both the new Deluxe Audio Strap , and Intel 's upcoming WiGig wireless adapter kit for Vive are going to be on display and available for testing this year at the show . The Vive Tracker , which brings other objects into the gaming world , is likewise on display with some new game integrations . The headset itself may not have changed since last year , but we 've learned a lot about user experience , on both hardware and software fronts .
VR might not yet be a breakaway smash hit , even when it 's tied to a console and with a lower barrier to entry than the Vive , as with PS VR . But O'Brien does n't seem under any illusions about the work that still needs to be done in the space , and as proof he points to recent partnership announcements , including with Google , on different approaches to broadening the appeal of VR in general .
HTC did n't get have anything as grandiose as its own Vive keynote at its second E3 , necessarily , but it did see the VR pioneer incorporated in big announcements from Sony , Bethesda and Nintendo – not bad for a relative gaming expo novice .
New Delhi : To prevent misuse of proposed electoral bonds , the government is likely to cap the validity at 15 days within which such bonds -- bearer in nature -- have to be redeemed by political parties .
According to official sources , the guidelines for electoral bonds , announced in Budget 2017-18 , are almost ready and some fine-tuning is being done by the finance ministry .
Such bonds would be bearer in nature so that those having it can encash through only one notified account within stipulated time , the sources said .
`` Each party will have one notified bank account . All bonds are to be deposited in that particular account . It is a paper currency and needs to be encashed in 15 days , otherwise it loses validity , '' a senior government official said .
The short duration of bonds will ensure these can not be misused and the objective of reducing the incidence of black money in political funding is achieved , the official added .
The norms regarding electoral bonds could be out soon and some other features of such instruments would be issued by select designated public sector banks .
As per the electoral bond mechanism , the proposed bonds will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument .
The Electoral Bond scheme will ensure complete anonymity of the donor , sources said , adding that these could be issued in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 5,000 .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in Budget 2017-18 .
`` An effort , therefore , requires to be made to cleanse the system of political funding in India . Donors have also expressed reluctance in donating by cheque or other transparent methods as it would disclose their identity and entail adverse consequences , '' he had said in the Budget speech .
The finance minister had indicated that the government would soon frame rules on electoral bonds after having consultations with all political parties .
The site for Putney and Roehampton residents - and anyone planning to buy in Putney , eat or shop in SW15 . For more on our aims , click here .
If you are viewing this text , your browser lacks the ability to read frames . Although you will need a browser that can handle frames to use our site , you can idea of the site by following some of the links below .
The front page contains all the latest information on Putney and Roehampton .
Our main sections are :
INFORMATION
We have comprehensive information on Putney including with schools and local councils . Our Calendar and events section lists events in Putney and Roehampton .
SERVICES
Our aim is created a comprehensive listing of anything you might need in the local area . This information will be kept up-to-date , and is always available via your computer .
PROPERTY
When you 're seriously looking to buy or let , you need to know EVERYTHING that 's available . That 's where we make the difference . We already have over 600 houses for sale or to let in Putney , listed on our database , which is searchable by price/rent and number of bedrooms .
Harry Potter fans are getting a slew of new games on console and mobile starting this year , since Warner Bros. and its subsidiary , PortKey Games , makes a push with Harry Potter content . The game I 'm personally most excited for is Harry Potter : Wizards Unite , here 's everything you need to know right now !
What is Harry Potter : Wizards Unite
Harry Potter : Wizards Unite is an upcoming mobile game created by Niantic Labs — Pokémon GO fame — in conjunction with Warner Bros . It will be an augmented reality ( AR ) game that will take place in the Harry Potter universe .
How to play
There are n't too many details about what gameplay will actually entail ; all we know right now is it will be an AR game that 's similar to Niantic Labs other hit mobile game , Pokémon GO . The company had this to say in its press release :
As I get close to finishing my last semester at Saint Mary 's , I 've taken the time to reflect on what the past four years have been like . Halifax is a city that keeps on giving , there 's always a new adventure around the corner , whether it be a new restaurant opening , a new hike to try , or a new drink special at your favourite place , you 'll never have an excuse to be bored . Sitting down to write this article was difficult . I could n't figure out exactly what I wanted to say , did I want to give advice ? Places to go ? Things to do ? I landed on a mix of the three : advice about places to go and things to do ! So here are my top 5 places to check out , and what to do/ bring while you 're there .
HALIFAX SEAPORT MARKET
The oldest farmers market in North America , being founded in 1750 , the Halifax Seaport Market is home to some of the best food and drinks in the city . The best time to go is Saturday mornings , you 'll get the full experience of a bustling market and everything is still fully stocked . They MUST-try is Bramosa 's Breakfast Pizza coupled with a steaming cup of joe from Java Blend next door . You can find them upstairs with a great view of the harbour ! Take the time to walk around and see all the different vendors that make their way into the city and enjoy the live music local musicians so kindly play for us .
POLLY 'S COVE TRAIL
On the way to Peggy 's Cove , Polly 's trail is a lesser known hike down to the water . It 's usually way less crowded , and personally , I think it is equally if not more beautiful than Peggy 's ! You get a mixture of the rugged coastline view and a beautiful view of the forest making your way through the trail . It 's a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon ( hungover or not ! ) .
TWO IF BY SEA
Hali famous for their croissants , Two If By Sea is my go-to for a morning coffee with a friend . Their main location is in Dartmouth and is easily reachable by taking the Harbour Ferry across ( free with a student card ! ) . A coffee and a croissant are the perfect pairing to watch the sunrise on the harbour if you can get up in time !
MOKSHA YOGA
Hot yoga is a great way to clear your mind , do something great for your body , and experience the active culture in Halifax . Located on Dresden row off Spring Garden , you can try a class and donate to a local charity with their $ 5 classes on either Friday nights at 9pm or Sunday 's at 6pm . I usually head over to Pete 's Frootique 's smoothie bar across the street for a post yoga shot of delicious organic goodness .
BEER !
I could n't pick just one place . The bar scene in Halifax is unparalleled and I suggest doing your best to hit all the great spots ! Durty Nelly 's , Good Robot Brewing Company , Garrison Brewery , Your Fathers Moustache , The Old Triangle , Maxwell 's Plum…just to name a few ! Hopefully by the time you 're reaching Take some free advice the end of your degree at Saint Mary 's you 'll have your own top 5 experiences that have stood out during your time in Halifax . One last piece of advice : get out there and explore this beautiful city , it has so much to offer you ! Dana Doswell is a graduating student who is an adventure loving , yoga and coffee junky who loves exploring her surroundings .
Dana Doswell
Contributor
Novak Djokovic says he had a `` small medical intervention '' on his bothersome right elbow .
The 12-time Grand Slam champion and former No . 1-ranked player wrote on Instagram on Friday : `` It seems like I am on the good road now to full recovery . ''
Djokovic sat out the last half of 2017 because of problems with his racket-swinging right arm , saying it had been bothering him for more than a year .
The 30-year-old Serb made a late decision to enter the Australian Open last month , and then was clearly hampered by the elbow in a straight-sets loss to Hyeon Chung of South Korea in the fourth round . Djokovic winced and grimaced throughout and took a medical timeout to have his elbow massaged .
DEHRADUN : According to the information given by the police , four persons were killed while 10 others , including six soldiers , went missing after a cloudburst triggered flash floods in Uttarakhand 's Pithoragarh district .
The disaster occurred near Malpa , washing away 14 persons . Four bodies have been recovered but the six soldiers and four others remained untraced .
“ One JCO ( Junior Commissioned Officer ) and five others have gone missing . Two vehicles are also missing , ” a military official said . The incident took place near a Shiva temple at Malpa .
The Kailash Mansarovar pilgrimage has been halted for now . Sashastra Seema Bal personnel have been rushed to the spot for rescue and relief operations . Authorities in Nepal have been asked to help in the search operations .
The six soldiers were washed away near the Mangti canal along with some tents and mules . Heavy rains have been lashing the hill state for some time now , causing landslides , flattening houses and damaging bridges .
Funeral For : Peter Eidse
Funeral Date : December 12th , 2017
Peter Eidse , 77 of Riverside passed away Friday December 8th at Boundary Trails Health Centre . He is survived by his wife Carolyn “ Carrie ” Eidse , 2 daughters , 1 son and their families . He was predeceased by 1 sister , 1 brother in infancy , 1 son in law and 1 brother in law .
The funeral service for Peter Eidse will be held Tuesday December 12th , 2pm at Open Door Church , Morris Multi-Plex with a private family burial prior to the service at Rosenort EMC Cemetery .
Viewing will be at Open Door Church , Morris Multi-Plex , Monday December 11th at 7pm with sharing and open mic at 7:30pm .
Donations may be made to Katie Cares .
Arrangements by Morris Funeral Home .
The IBEW # 649 Retired Members Club will hold their monthly breakfast meeting on Thursday , December 28 at Franks Restaurant , 132 W. MacArthur Drive in Cottage Hills beginning at 9:00 a.m. Join us for a morning of food and friendship . For more information , call Marlin Wagner at 656-7593 .
LAHORE : Sean Tubby and Andy Gove have travelled all the way from England on their African Twin bikes to explore the beauty of the world . These days they are in heart of Pakistan that is Lahore .
The trip of a lifetime will see them explore no less than 20 countries . They left England in August and headed for the continent , where they set their sights on Germany , for a lap of the Nürburgring , before heading through Eastern Europe towards Turkey .
After visiting Lahore they are all set to leave for India through Wagah . From there the trip will continue through the largely untouched roads of Myanmar and continue through South East Asia to Vietnam .
In an exclusive interview with The Nation they talked about their journey and difficulties they faced during the tour . Following are the excerpts of the interview :
What inspired you to travel towards Pakistan ?
Sean Tubby : I am visiting Pakistan to promote the message that it is a peaceful country and safe for the tourists . It is a heaven which is unexplored .
Andy Gove : Not many people do it so we thought we should .
Which was the place you travelled in Pakistan and how was your experience ?
Sean Tubby : Pakistan was the easiest border crossing we have had . In fact , it took longer to leave Iran than enter Pakistan . A well spoken gentleman walked us through the procedure , while border staff and money changers came to stare at us with interested and slightly bewildered expressions . We were then sent up the road through a set of huge and ornate gates that were promptly opened ajar to let our bikes through . Half a dozen smartly dressed soldiers with neatly trimmed beards sat us down at a garden table with easy smiles . They then took our details and were amused and confused in equal measure about the fact that our passports had the words Northern Ireland printed on the front .
The western part of Pakistan , from Taftan to Quetta , is considered quite dangerous ; this is due to the fact that human traffickers , drug smugglers and the odd religious zealot , bent on beheading foreigners , roam the endless desert applying their trade . This meant we could not travel anywhere without a security escort , and moving after 2pm is prohibited . So , we were put up in the local police station for the night , where we slept on the floor of one of the offices . To travel overland , the Levies will run you between check points , where you are passed onto the next group of officers . The checkpoints vary from mud huts with oil drums full of rocks as barriers , to fully blown military outposts , where your documents are triple checked , while the soulless barrel of an LMG tracks your movements . The eyes of its operator can be seen just behind , darting nervously from us to the officer in charge . It was the western part of Pakistan , from Taffan to Quetta .
The real issue was the relentless heat , Pakistan is hot , like , really hot and our escorts would only drive at the mind bending , soul destroyingly slow speed of 40 miles per hour . We were riding through golden sands , that rose and fell like the waves of the sea . Palm trees started to appear as the road led us to the base of an epic and unforgiving mountain range .
Andy Gove : We have discovered mostly areas of northern side of Pakistan and the experience is really amazing . We can not express our thanks enough for everything our friends in Pakistan have done for us . Such an incredible country with the most amazing people . We shall miss you Pakistan .
What do you think is the appeal of jumping on a motorcycle and riding around the world ?
Sean Tubby : It feels great to get around and get involved with the world directly – to be close to it , to have a real exposure to people and conditions .
Andy Gove : You get a chance to discover the places and its ground realities .
While doing adventure on bike what should a person carry in his kit bag ?
Sean Tubby : Tools and spare parts should be complete . Your tent is your home so , do n't forget to carry it .
Andy Gove : My essentials are an impregnated mosquito net , helmet , waterproof boots , proper tools , spare parts and my camera .
What is the worst road you have ridden on ?
Sean Tubby : It was the parts of Karakoram Highway where we had to face land sliding . Other than that it was the best road for bike riding .
For a motorcycle enthusiast who wants to travel from UK to Pakistan on a bike how much does it cost ?
Sean Tubby : If he/she wants to finish in Pakistan it will cost around 4,000 pounds .
What 's Next any new trip planned ?
Sean Tubby : We are heading towards India via Wagah border .
Andy Gove : I guess we should first finish this one and then will make new trip plan .
Lyon Township Gets New Fire Engine
December 11 , 2017
It 's out with the old and in with the new for the Lyon Township Fire Department .
Bids were sought in the fall to replace the Lyon Township Fire Department 's aging Engine 1 . Two were received and reviewed by a committee , with a recommendation to award the bid to Pierce at a cost of $ 685,444 . The recommendation and purchase was approved by the Lyon Township Board . The company was said to be selected for their favorable pricing , reduced cost for paying in full , performance history and customer service .
The engine carries 1,000 gallons of water with an additional 40 gallons of foam to help make rural operations more functional . It 's said to mirror the capabilities of a tanker , and has a larger water tank than most engines . The engine also has a booster line that can be used for grass fires , trash fires , small fires , and exposure to cancer causing agents . Officials said another important safety factor on the engine was the amount of both emergency lighting and scene lighting . Photo from Lyon Township newsletter shows what the new engine will look like prior to any graphics being added . ( JM )
Thanks to the efforts of a local school and a local bank , several first responders in the Williamsburg area were treated to a free lunch Thursday afternoon .
“ With today 's climate that we live in , schools are so thankful for the amount of support we get from our first responders , ” said Williamsburg Superintendent Dr. Amon Couch .
“ It provides so many extra layers of protection for us and our kids through our EMS , our fire department and our police department . This is just something that we could do here in our lobby . ”
The Philly Connection food truck out of Corbin provided the sandwiches , chips and drinks for Thursday 's dinner . Williamsburg parents and their children provided an array of desserts for those in attendance .
Some of the attendees picked up a sandwich to go , which was fine with organizers .
“ They have stuff that they need to be doing , ” Couch noted .
Several others came inside and ate at tables set up in the school lobby .
Each table was adorned with a firefighter helmet in the center , a plastic police badge , and numerous cards made by Williamsburg students thanking the first responders for all they do .
“ We just want this to be a real low key , chill time for them to have a good meal and for us to say thank you . We have thanked you cards from some of the kids on the tables , ” Couch added .
Forcht Bank picked up half the tab for Thursday 's dinner .
Forcht Bank Market President Mike Sharpe said that the bank was happy to help out .
“ We are just always glad to help out our first responders , ” Sharpe said . “ We have our chili dinner that we do for them every year . When Dr. Couch called to say he was going to have something , we were glad to help in any way at the school . With any kind of need that comes up , we want to help . We just want to help the community and be involved . ”
National Youth Sports Week runs from the 16th to the 22nd of July . During this time , youth sports organizations and members of Congress will publicly encourage healthy lifestyles for kids through sports participation . As you can expect , there will be lots of games and competitions that week .
Some kids will win and some will lose .
Historically , Americans are not good losers . During my short “ career ” in sports , I 've been treated to a variety of philosophies on winning and losing :
“ Winning is n't everything , it 's the only thing. ” ( Vince Lombardi )
“ Show me a gracious loser and I 'll show you a failure. ” ( Knute Rockne )
… among others I 'd rather not repeat .
Losing is important
Undoubtedly , these bromides will be ladled over America 's youth throughout the Summer of '18 in an effort to teach ( ironically ) the good values that sports inspire .
What 's weird to me though is how much we invest in kids to teach them how to win and what little we do to teach them how to lose . Losing is important and our kids need to learn that .
For starters , the statistical possibility of winning is stacked against you .
There is only one spot for First Place in a competition . Unless you believe in participation trophies ( and I absolutely do not ) , lots of athletes are going to “ lose ” any given event .
Rather than separate the experience into absolute categories ( another thing we 're bad at ) , we should help young players develop as athletes .
I can tell you that many coaches would prefer to recruit players who exhibit “ athleticism ” over an impressive record of wins . Why ? Because when Junior gets to that next level of competition , it 's his or her physical condition that the coach will need to develop winning talent .
Focus your child on nutrition ( not supplements ) , weight management ( not body image ) , and long-term skill progression as investments into his or her potential as an athlete .
Losing has psychological implications , too .
Human brains have “ reward ” centers , and winning is certainly a big reward .
But losing civilizes us .
Losing teaches humility .
Losing dampens egos that destroy a team .
Losing forces us to “ go back to the drawing board ” and improve our problem-solving .
Kids preparing for track run race start .
Getty Images
Not what you get , but what you become
Consider Dick Fosbury who did that `` went back to the drawing board '' in the 1960s and revolutionized the high jump . The Fosbury Flop had to come from a loser — from somebody forced to find another way to compete successfully .
With no offense to the likes of Lombardi and Rockne , there is a better philosophy to instill in our sporting youth , and it comes oddly enough from English art critic , John Ruskin , who suggested that “ the highest reward for a person 's toil is not what they get for it , but what they become by it . ”
I love that .
When you shuttle your young athlete to and from practice , when you cheer them on during competition , when you console them after a loss , think about who they are becoming from that toil .
If your kid is becoming a better person through teamwork or is developing what will be a life-long love of physical fitness , those are wins on any scoreboard .
Christopher George Berger , PhD , ACSM EP-C , CSCS , is an exercise physiologist with Arizona State University .
Like All the Moms ?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
READ MORE :
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
× Expand By Dave Pape , via Wikimedia Commons Maple trees with taps and buckets for collecting sap to be made into maple syrup at Beaver Meadow Audubon Center in North Java , N.Y .
GODFREY — The public can see how maple syrup is made at a workshop at The Nature Institute .
The institute will bring another year of maple tree tapping with Maple Tapping and Sugaring at 1 p.m. Saturday , Feb. 10 . This all-ages event is for those interested in learning about the process ' history with a hands-on demonstration about how maple syrup is made . Guests will have the chance to taste the all-natural product to compare with store-bought favorites .
Host Ramona Puskar , the organization 's education director , will walk guests through the biology and history of maple trees , tapping with everyday items , boiling and even tasting syrup . The event will begin at the TNI 's Talahi Lodge , 2213 S. Levis Lane in Godfrey . Admission is $ 10 per person ; ages 2 and younger will be admitted free . Proceeds will go to assisting the institute in its mission of preservation , restoration , and education .
Participants should dress for the weather because the group will be outside for most of the workshop . There is a limited amount of registration remaining . To register , call ( 618 ) 466-9930 or visit TheNatureInstitute.org .
This facility 's trails will reopen to the public April 1 after a period of rest for the winter .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Experts have urged overweight women trying to have a baby to slim down before sex .
The call comes after new research showed a rising risk of serious birth defects as the body mass index ( BMI ) of mothers increased .
Women of reproductive age should be encouraged to `` adopt a healthy lifestyle and to obtain a normal body weight before conception , '' said the authors .
It was already known that being obese heightens the chances of a woman giving birth to a child with malformations that can affect physical appearance or the functioning of nerves and organs .
But the new study revealed a sliding scale of risk that went up as weight increased .
Researchers analysed data on more than 1.2 million live singleton births in Sweden , recorded between 2001 and 2014 .
Among normal weight mothers with a BMI of 18.5 to 24 , a total of 3.4 % had children with birth defects .
Overweight mothers with a BMI of 25 to 29 had a birth defect risk of 3.5 % . The rate of birth defects went up to 3.8 % for obese women with a BMI of 30 to 34 , and rose to 4.2 % and 4.7 % for higher categories of obesity .
BMI is a measurement obtained by dividing weight in kilograms by height in centimetres squared . It takes account of different stature when assessing weight .
The scientists , led by Martina Persson , from Sweden 's Karolinska Institute , wrote in the British Medical Journal : `` Risks of any major congenital malformation and several subgroups of organ specific malformations progressively increased with maternal overweight and increasing severity of obesity .
`` For women who are planning pregnancy , efforts should be encouraged to reduce adiposity in those with a BMI above the normal range . ''
Prof Louis Levy , head of nutrition science at Public Health England , said : `` Poor diet in pregnancy can affect the future health of unborn children . We already advise women to aim for a healthy weight before pregnancy and to be active and eat healthily while pregnant . ''
The average price of gas in B.C . has reached a record high of $ 1.59 per litre .
A report released by Insights West , a marketing research company , suggests British Columbians are making changes to their budgets and lifestyle to compensate for the price hike .
Results are based on an online study conducted from May 18 to 23 , 2018 , among a representative sample of 810 BC adults . The data has been statistically weighted according to Canadian census figures for age , gender and region . The margin of error—which measures sample variability—is +/- 3.4 percentage points .
READ MORE : Gas prices are rising , your commute is still the same . Here 's how to save money
A third of those polled say they have shifted their spending from things like food and entertainment to cover the cost of gas .
READ MORE : B.C . Premier says no immediate relief coming for people at the pumps
Other changes people are making include reducing the number of times they use their vehicles , driving shorter distances , changing their summer vacation plans , and taking public transit more often .
READ MORE : Okanagan gas prices reach all-time high ; more hikes expected
Eighteen per cent say they are considering replacing their vehicles with either electric or hybrid models .
Seventy per cent of British Columbians surveyed believe that prices will be even higher one month from now .
That same station will likely offer it for 141.9 come Thursday as # Vancouver and Lower Mainland prices are falling 2 cents a litre https : //t.co/N4c81Rlnub — Dan McTeague ( @ GasBuddyDan ) May 29 , 2018
Some experts , though , believe British Columbians will be seeing some relief at the pumps soon .
Dan McTeague with GasBuddy says three refineries in Edmonton that were down due to maintenance issues are either back online or coming back online soon .
That , combined with the price of crude easing , could result in lower gas prices in B.C . in the coming weeks .
The number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50 % in the last year , new figures reveal .
There was a total of 387 arrests in the year to February 2017 , up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016 , according to statistics obtained by BBC Panorama .
A group of boozy women whose vile behaviour saw them escorted off a Ryanair flight earlier this year
The Lancashire Post reported on a similar incident earlier this month . Read it here .
The figures were from responses from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch who were contacted by the programme .
Ally Murphy , a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager , told Panorama : `` People just see us as barmaids in the sky .
`` I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess .
`` They would touch your breasts , or they 'd touch your bum or your legs , or I mean I 've had hands going up my skirt before .
`` It 's rage inducing , and you should n't have to deal with that .
`` I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly , and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now , you kind of just accept it as part of the job . And it should n't be . ''
Another cabin crew member , who was unnamed in the programme , said airline workers had found `` countless '' litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante , Ibiza , Palma were among the worst routes .
Alexandra Wilms , of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism , called for `` high fines '' to try and deal with the problem as `` these kinds of people do n't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money '' while Airport Operators ' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol .
Ms Dee said : `` The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem . It 's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly . ''
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago .
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly .
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this .
‘ She ca n't hurt nobody else ' : Accused killer Lois Riess remains in custody
A woman accused of killing a woman on Fort Myers Beach and her husband in Minnesota may have her life spared .
Lois Riess was charged with second-degree murder . While Florida has the death penalty , prosecutors can only seek it for a person with a first-degree murder charge .
Riess faced a judge Monday in Texas and agreed to be extradited back to Florida and Minnesota for the crimes she 's accused of committing . She 's also charged with other crimes while on the run such as grand theft and stealing the identity of the woman she 's accused of killing .
Riess was arrested Thursday at the Sea Ranch Restaurant on South Padre Island .
George Higgenbottom , of Dirty Al 's Restaurant , said he recognized Riess as soon as she walked into the restaurant . He said she looked at the menu for about one or two minutes before leaving . However , Higgenbottom said he felt confident she was the woman in the wanted posters posted in several states .
Higgenbottom added he did n't give a tip to U.S . Marshals for the reward money , but to know the manhunt for Riess has ended and Hutchinson 's family can move forward .
“ She ca n't hurt nobody else , she ca n't find another look alike , that ' what it 's about , ” Higgenbottom said .
U.S . Marshals were offering a $ 6,000 reward for information leading to Riess ' arrest , and said they 're convinced Higgenbottom will get the money .
Riess will likely face a Florida jury first as Minnesota has yet to file charges against Riess in connection with her husband 's murder . Riess currently faces a larceny charge in Minnesota .
“ Who 's gon na take their first swing at her , and there are a number of factors to take in to consideration , the severity of the punishment she 's facing , the strength of the case , the three cases , and that 's a strategical issue for those prosecutors office to consider , ” said Assistant District Attorney Edward Sandoval .
Riess is expected to return to Southwest Florida within the next nine days , according to Lee County deputies .
Reporter : Nicole Valdes
Writer : Rachel Ravina
Police are looking for help to locate a missing woman . According to police , 27-year-old Kelsey Hoffman walked away from her home on the east side of Iowa City around 5 p.m. on Sunday , August 13 , 2017 .
Hoffman is described as white , approximately 5 ' 4 '' tall , 220lbs with brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a dark hooded jacket , blue or purple shorts , and tennis shoes .
Police say Hoffman suffers from hearing loss and wears hearing aids in both ears . She did n't take any belongings with her and did n't tell anyone where she was going .
Police say if you see someone matching this description , do not approach , but contact police for assistance .
President Trump cited the suspect in the New York subway bombing on Monday as an argument for his crackdown on legal as well as illegal immigration , after the administration said the man entered the country in 2011 on a family immigrant visa .
“ Today 's attempted mass murder attack in New York City — the second terror attack in New York in the last two months — once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people , ” Trump said in a statement .
Much remained unclear about the background of the suspect , identified by police as Akayed Ullah , 27 , who was injured in the apparent suicide bombing attempt . White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders asserted that the attack could have been prevented if the U.S. had canceled the ability of American citizens to sponsor relatives for visas , which the president calls chain migration .
“ We know that the president 's policy calls for an end to chain migration , which is what this individual came to the United States through , ” Sanders said . “ And if his policy had been in place , then that attacker would not have been allowed to come in the country . ”
U.S. citizens are allowed to sponsor siblings for lawful permanent residency ; those siblings , if admitted , can ask to bring their children . Sanders said the suspect was admitted through what is known as an F43 family immigrant visa , a type usually given to the children of siblings of U.S. citizens .
Trump called that policy “ incompatible with national security . ”
The explosion was in an underground passage in Midtown Manhattan at the start of the morning commute . The suspect , who was quickly taken into custody , was burned on his hands and abdomen . Three people near the blast sustained minor injuries , authorities said .
Trump also cited the attack in pressing for other policies , including his ban on travel to the United States by people from eight countries . Those nations do not include Bangladesh , which was Ullah 's native country , according to an administration official .
Separately , Trump is at odds with Democrats in Congress over whether to protect from deportation hundreds of thousands of people brought to the country illegally as children . Although he has said he wants to devise protections for the so-called Dreamers , replacing the Obama-era program he is ending , Trump is demanding that any agreement also include measures cracking down on immigration .
It is not the first time that Trump has quickly seized on a terrorist attack , in this country or abroad , to argue for his immigration agenda . Yet the president 's reaction contrasts with his response after violence involving American nationals .
After mass shootings in Las Vegas in October and then at a Texas church in November elicited calls for gun controls , Trump and Sanders said it was too soon to talk policy in the immediate aftermath of the tragedy . The president was widely criticized in August when he delayed and equivocated in denouncing white supremacists after deadly violence in Charlottesville , Va. At the time , Trump said that , unlike other politicians , he did not like to weigh in on news events before taking time to learn all the facts .
CAPTION Former national security advisor Michael Flynn said Friday he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI because his actions were wrong and he wanted to “ set things right. ” Former national security advisor Michael Flynn said Friday he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI because his actions were wrong and he wanted to “ set things right. ” CAPTION Former national security advisor Michael Flynn said Friday he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI because his actions were wrong and he wanted to “ set things right. ” Former national security advisor Michael Flynn said Friday he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI because his actions were wrong and he wanted to “ set things right. ” CAPTION Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17 , 2017 at an event in Florence , Ala. Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17 , 2017 at an event in Florence , Ala. CAPTION During testimony to the House Judiciary Committee on Nov. 14 , 2017 , Atty . Gen. Jeff Sessions could not disclose whether he was recused from an investigation involving Hillary Clinton . During testimony to the House Judiciary Committee on Nov. 14 , 2017 , Atty . Gen. Jeff Sessions could not disclose whether he was recused from an investigation involving Hillary Clinton . CAPTION testRetired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , who briefly served as President Trump 's national security advisor , is scheduled to plead guilty Friday morning to a single count of making false statements about his contacts with the Russian ambassador . testRetired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , who briefly served as President Trump 's national security advisor , is scheduled to plead guilty Friday morning to a single count of making false statements about his contacts with the Russian ambassador . CAPTION At a hearing with the House Judiciary Committee , Sessions said he has not been improperly influenced by the president . At a hearing with the House Judiciary Committee , Sessions said he has not been improperly influenced by the president .
noah.bierman @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ noahbierman
HOUSTON – An Indian software engineer was found dead at his apartment where he was living as a paying guest in Texas , according to officials .
Venkannagari Krishna Chaitanya , 30 , who moved to the US three years ago , was living as a paying guest in Arlington , a suburb of Dallas in Texas , said sources at the Indian Consulate here .
When Chaitanya did not come out of his room for a long time , his landlord broke in and found his body .
Chaitanya was working in Cognizant Technologies on a Southeast Airlines project .
The authorities in the US have informed Chaitanya 's family in Telangana about his death .
“ We are in touch with the family in India and coordinating transportation of the mortal remains to India as soon as possible , ” Houston Consulate General Anupam Ray 's office sources told PTI .
The cause of Chaitanya 's death is “ not known ” , sources at the Houston Consulate said , adding that his body has been sent for postmortem .
By Abby Hassler
Stevie Nicks debuted a new ballad “ Your Hand I Will Never Let Go ” today ( June 14 ) . The track is featured in the Naomi Wats-drama , The Book of Henry , which will hit theaters this Friday ( June 16 ) .
Related : Lana Del Rey Taps Stevie Nicks for New Track : Report
Written by Thomas Barlett and Ryan Miller , Nicks ' song will fall alongside original music composed by Michael Giacchino on the film 's soundtrack .
“ Drowned in thought and caught in a stare/ Talking to ghosts who were not there , ” Nicks sings . “ Then you took my hand/ Transformation began/ Commotion where it once was still/ Fireworks explode/ Front row tickets to the show/ This hand I will never let it go . ”
Listen to “ Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go ” below .
1 injured in Lehigh Acres 4 wheeler crash
LEHIGH ACRES , Fla. — At least one person has suffered non life-threatening injuries in a crash Monday afternoon at the intersection of 38th St. West and Sunshine Boulevard North .
A four-wheeler flipped over in a muddy area , the Lee County Fire Control and Rescue District Battalion Chief said . One person was taken to the hospital .
Lee County Sheriff 's Office and Lehigh Acres Fire Control and Rescue District were on scene , but the cause of the wreck is not known .
No further information was immediately available .
Writer : Rachel Ravina
winknews
Bharat Ane Nenu actress Kiara Advani says co-star Mahesh Babu 'is a team player , looks at scenes holistically '
Mahesh Babu 's upcoming political drama Bharat Ane Nenu , directed by Koratala Siva , has become one of the most talked-about Telugu feature films in recent times . Set in an undivided Andhra Pradesh , the film explores the rise of a youngster in the political circle and features Mahesh Babu as the chief minister of the state . Co-incidentally , the film also marks the debut of Kiara Advani in Telugu cinema , and even before the release , she has been signed to play the lead role in Ram Charan-Boyapati Srinu 's forthcoming film .
2018 is turning out to be quite an eventful year for the actress , who shot to fame with Neeraj Pandey 's MS Dhoni : The Untold Story , in which she played the role of Sakshi Dhoni . “ The past few months have been overwhelming . Right now , I 'm putting all my energy to live up to the faith that so many people have in me and to deliver beyond their expectations , ” she says .
Not surprisingly , it was her performance in MS Dhoni that convinced Koratala Siva to offer her a lead role in Bharat Ane Nenu . “ It was an immediate ‘ yes ' from me , especially after being offered such a beautifully written role that 's so lovable and innocent , ” Kiara smiles , adding , “ Koratala Siva was sure that I would be able to pull it off , and it 's his sensibilities as a director and faith in me that sealed the deal for me . Of course , working with Mahesh Babu was the icing on the cake . ”
The actress is tight-lipped about her role in the film but , she confesses that shooting for the film has been an incredible learning experience . “ Although I 've always dreamt about acting in films , I never thought about acting in Telugu films or for that matter , South Indian films . But like they say , life is what happens when you 're busy making other plans . I am extremely fortunate to be working in the kind of films that I have got at the very start of my career and I value that the most . I truly believe that the director is the captain of the ship . If he is calm and clear then everything runs smoothly . And I could n't have asked for a better director because Koratala Siva is the calmest on set . He 's always smiling and full of energy , ” she says .
She terms her co-star Mahesh Babu as a team player , and confesses that he brought a lot of positive energy to the set . “ He would often check the monitor even if it was my close up because he always looks at a scene in a holistic way . You 'll often see him cracking a joke and having a good laugh which lightens the mood on set even if it 's a heavy day at work . Everyone on the sets of Bharat Ane Nenu is passionate about their job and that 's why the process of shooting the film has never felt like work , ” Kiara adds . Ask her if she had any jitters before joining the shoot and pat comes her reply , “ The only jitters I had was getting my lines right without retakes , but having those jitters was good as that made me over-prepare and by the time I got on set I was a pro and I did n't require a prompter ( laughs ) . ”
While the film is expected to hit the screens in summer this year , Kiara is equally ecstatic about joining the sets of Ram Charan 's film . “ It 's too early to talk about the film , but I must confess that I 'm a hardcore fan of commercial cinema . ​I grew up in the 90s , so masala films were a big part of my childhood , ” she says . That 's not all . The actress is thrilled about Bombay Talkies 2 , which will feature four short film directed by the likes of Karan Johar , Anurag Kashyap , Zoya Akhtar , and Dibakar Banerjee . The theme of all these short films is ‘ love and lust ' , and she will appear in the Karan Johar-directed short , alongside Vicky Kaushal and Neha Dhupia .
“ I just accomplished a major goal that I had even before I became an actress , ” Kiara confesses while talking about her experience of working with Johar for Bombay Talkies 2 . “ I really wanted to work with Karan Johar . He is a dream to work with for any actor . My favourite role and performance of my own would be my character Megha from Karan 's film for Bombay Talkies 2 . I have enjoyed this process so much that I ca n't wait to share it with the world . Both personally and professionally , I 've taken a lot from the experience . For instance , I was amazed with the way he motivates his team to make them feel empowered and want to give their best . I find myself doing it with my staff now . Everybody likes to be appreciated to be motivated . He understands human beings very well and he 's a superb multitasker . As an actor I 've learnt from him about how to enjoy a scene and make the most of the nuances between the dialogues to just surrender to a scene . ”
The prospect of working with some of the biggest names in the industry can pay off rich dividends not only in terms of more opportunities but also learning some invaluable lessons . In Kiara Advani 's case , it 's all happening quite early in her career . “ Each film teaches you something new , you learn from the people you work with , you grow with every experience in life . Sometimes you imbibe qualities from people you admire and sometimes you learn about yourself from the perspective of others . From Neeraj Pandey , I 've learnt how to be focused and clear in my thought process . I admire Abbas Mustan for their genuine humility and I strive to be like that . Koratala Siva has inspired me to be calm and collected on set . I also learn a lot from the technicians and ADs from each movie set . While shooting for Bharat Ane Nenu , post pack-up , I would sit with cinematographer Ravi Chandran and talk about the technical side of things . I could go on and on about the stories and experiences that people have shared with me . Point is , one can never stop learning , ” the actress shares .
It 's been close to a year-and-a-half since she made a mark with Neeraj Pandey 's MS Dhoni , and even now , her role has become part of her identity . Is it hard to let go off the tag and make a name for yourself ? It might feel so , but Kiara has a different take on this dilemma . “ I love it when people come up to me and call me Sakshi , and recognise me by the character I 've played in MS Dhoni . It shows that they 've connected with my work . That 's my biggest high ! ”
Published Date : Feb 03 , 2018 10:58 AM | Updated Date : Feb 03 , 2018 11:17 AM
Paris : Former champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open third round for the 13th consecutive year by beating Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 on Wednesday , while second seed Alexander Zverev staged a fightback to win a five-setter with Dusan Lajovic .
Djokovic , the 2016 Roland Garros champion and former World No 1 , is seeded 20 this year after struggling to rediscover his best form after returning from a right elbow injury .
The Serbian 12-time Grand Slam champion fired 39 winners but 33 unforced errors and was broken three times by Munar , the world 155 .
`` I am very happy to be here on Suzanne Lenglen and see so many people and see the support , '' said Djokovic .
`` Jaume is a great player , he has lots of quality and good concentration . I congratulate him on a great match today . ''
German World No 3 Zverev found himself in deep trouble when trailing by two sets to one against Lajovic , but the Serbian ran out of gas as it finished 2-6 , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-2 .
The 21-year-old , a winner of three Masters titles , is yet to reach a Grand Slam quarter-final and was knocked out in the first round at Roland Garros last year .
But Zverev moved into round three for the second time , where he will play Bosnian 26th seed Damir Dzumhur , as he looks to become the first German man to win the title since 1937 .
Fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov went the distance , too , eventually coming through a marathon with American Jared Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 .
The Bulgarian was pushed all the way by World No 57 Donaldson in a match that lasted four hours and 19 minutes but grabbed the crucial break in the 17th game of the deciding set as his opponent started to struggle with cramp .
Japan 's Kei Nishikori also staged a comeback to edge out Frenchman Benoit Paire on Philippe Chatrier court , winning 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 in his first Grand Slam event since Wimbledon last year after recovering from a wrist injury .
Halep fights back
World No 1 Simona Halep fought back after a disastrous opening set to beat American Alison Riske 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 in their delayed first-round match .
Halep , the runner-up in Paris in 2014 and 2017 , slumped 0-5 down in the opening set to World No 83 Riske whose only win at the tournament came in 2014 .
The Romanian committed 16 unforced errors in the set but stepped up a gear from that point on to book a second-round match against Taylor Townsend of the United States .
`` It 's always difficult in the first round of a Grand Slam , you are always nervous , '' said 26-year-old Halep after a match that was pushed back from Tuesday due to rain .
Halep needs to reach the semi-finals or better if she is to retain the world top spot .
Her main rival for the top ranking , second seed Caroline Wozniacki , joined her in the last 32 by thrashing Spanish qualifier Georgina Garcia Perez 6-1 , 6-0 in only 51 minutes .
Eighth seed Petra Kvitova eased into the third round with a 6-0 , 6-4 victory over Spain 's Lara Arruabarrena on Court One .
The two-time Wimbledon champion has now won 13 consecutive matches on clay after claiming titles in Prague and Madrid and will face Estonia 's 25th seed Anett Kontaveit for a place in the last 16 .
Ukrainian fourth seed Elina Svitolina reached the last 32 for the fourth straight year by brushing aside Viktoria Kuzmova in straight sets .
The 23-year-old , who arrived in Paris having won her second straight Italian Open title , saw off her Slovakian opponent 6-3 , 6-4 and will next take on Romanian 31st seed Mihaela Buzarnescu .
Elsewhere , charismatic Japanese 21st seed Naomi Osaka came through a tight match with Kazakhstan 's Zarina Diyas 6-4 , 7-5 .
Serena Williams , who made her Grand Slam return with a single win on Tuesday , partnered sister Venus in a 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 doubles victory over Japan 's Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato .
KARACHI - National Database Registration Authority ( NADRA ) would give Benazir Mazdoor Cards to all industrial workers very soon in order to ensure transparent registration and verification of all the facilities provided by Sindh Social Security Institutions ( SESSI ) to them . Sindh Minister for Information and Transport Syed Nasir Hussain Shah said this while talking to NADRA officials , who called on him here at Committee Room No 1 of Sindh Assembly on Wednesday under the leadership of NADRA Sindh Director General Lt Col Muhammad Ahmed Khattak .
The meeting was attended by SESSI Commissioner Farooq Legari , Vice Commissioner Shahid Abdus Salam , Director Medical Dr Mumtaz Ali Shaikh , AC Labour Mines Welfare Raja Altaf , Tasneem Saeed , Syed Hamid Ali and Director NADRA Khalid Waleed and others .
The minister said that the proposal was under consideration to provide Benazir Mazdoor Cards , and that all workers registered under the SESSI would avail such facility .
He added under the new arrangement a new system would be introduced to provide services and welfare packages to all industrial workers . “ NADRA will issue these cards after complete verification , and a joint committee had been constituted to finalise recommendations for the benefit of industrial workers , ” he informed .
The minister further said that PPP had always taken positive steps and established welfare institutions for the labourers and industrial workers to alleviate their sufferings and improve their living standards so that they could become useful members of the society .
“ The programme is also the continuation of development projects PPP has introduced for the labourers and workers , ” he added .
NADRA Sindh DG and his colleagues Khalid Waleed and Qaisar Iqbal briefed the minister about the salient features of Benazir Mazdoor Cards , including registration , profiling , category , verification and data of employers and workers to ensure transparency .
Two samples of the cards were also displayed on the occasion for approval by the minister and chief minister Sindh .
They also briefed about the various services offered by NADRA to people at throughout the country .
Laguna Beach High Principal Chris Herzfeld will step down at the end of this school year and will remain with the school district as a teacher .
In an email to parents , Herzfeld , said “ a variety of professional and personal circumstances ” contributed to the decision .
“ I have thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to lead our town 's only high school , and I feel I will be stepping away with the school in excellent condition for the next leader , ” Herzfeld said in the letter . “ I have always been a connoisseur of effective instructional practices in the classroom and have dedicated my career to building positive professional relationships with students , staff and community .
“ In the remaining months in my position as principal , I will continue to work diligently in pursuit of the school 's mission statement and to build the future of LBHS . ”
The Laguna Beach Unified school board approved Herzfeld 's request for reassignment last week .
“ I continuously assess my professional setting , ” Herzfeld wrote in an email to the Daily Pilot . “ This was not a sudden decision . ”
Before coming to Laguna Beach High in October 2014 , Herzfeld spent 10 years as principal at Fountain Valley High School .
Herzfeld started his career in education in 1987 as a social studies teacher at Sierra High in Colorado Springs , Colo. , and has held three assistant principal positions , according to the 2014 story .
Laguna Beach Unified officials could not be reached for comment as of Monday afternoon regarding further details of Herzfeld 's reassignment . The district is observing spring break this week .
bryce.alderton @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ AldertonBryce
Illinois transportation officials are asking for the public 's input in its annual traveler opinion survey .
The Illinois Department of Transportation survey is available through Dec. 31 . It 's conducted through the University of Illinois Springfield 's Survey Research Office . Respondents are asked about topics like road conditions , ice and snow removal , commuting habits and driving behaviors .
State transportation secretary Randy Blankenhorn says the department wants to be aware of opportunities to improve `` how we maintain and grow Illinois ' transportation system . ''
The department has conducted the survey since 2001 . This year for the first time it 's available online . We have the link attached to this article .
France 's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration . So much effort for so little reward .
`` It 's a very disappointing ending given how much energy we put into it , '' France coach Jacques Brunel said . `` What else can you feel apart from enormous frustration ? It came in the 83rd minute . He took the right option and you have to congratulate him , it was n't easy . ''
Although Brunel 's new-look side showed mettle , defeat would still have been harsh on Ireland .
`` Our lack of discipline punished us , '' France captain Guilhem Guirado said . `` It 's even harder to lose when we had the match in hand . ''
France 's evening went from elation to stunned disbelief in a frantic last 10 minutes that provided unexpected marvel to a scrappy contest in pouring rain .
With the clock running down , Thomas surged out of nowhere to beat four Irish tackles after a flying run down the right flank ended with him snaking over the line at full stretch .
France was just as surprised to see the try as Ireland , which seemed to have the French counterattack contained until Thomas accelerated around the edge and was through .
Until that point , it looked like Sexton 's steady boot would be enough to get the Irish only a third win at Stade France . He landed four penalties but also missed one at 12-6 .
Belleau took France 's penalty at 13-12 because scrumhalf Maxime Machenaud , who slotted over two , had limped off the pitch . It was a big task for Belleau , winning only his third test cap after Matthieu Jalibert also limped away early , and the kick from about 35 metres on the left lacked confidence .
Still , France will take heart from the spirit they showed under Brunel . He was appointed in December to stop a six-match winless run , and boldly gave debuts to 19-year-old Jalibert and fullback Geoffrey Palis .
It was all penalty kicks until Thomas ' try , which looked like being the highlight of the match .
Only to be trumped by Sexton 's phenomenal final shot .
By Jerome Pugmire , The Associated Press
Shohei Ohtani , the surprise Angel , returned with much fanfare Monday to his native Japan . Once a work visa is in his possession , the Angels expect their new two-way player to return to Southern California sometime in January and arrive at spring training in Tempe , Ariz. , ahead of the Feb. 13 report date for pitchers and catchers .
Before then , the Angels should have worked out a host of necessary details surrounding his landing . They have already begun gathering resumes for the job of Ohtani 's interpreter , a job general manager Billy Eppler characterized as particularly crucial .
Eppler spoke Monday afternoon on the first day of Major League Baseball 's annual winter meetings , this year held at a resort in Lake Buena Vista , Fla. Eppler said the Angels will decide before spring training whether they will use a six-man rotation , an alignment unseen in the major leagues for many years but common in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
If the Angels do go that route , it will be to accommodate the 23-year-old Ohtani , who has always pitched once a week . It would involve a seven-man bullpen and , thus , require a limited three-man bench .
Ohtani 's potential to pitch in offensively lessens the severity of such a predicament , but Eppler acknowledged the importance of locating position players who can fill multiple roles .
“ The utility of that is a little bit more evident right now , ” Eppler said .
As currently constructed , the Angels appear to need to acquire a backup shortstop who can also play third base against left-handed pitching . And their reserve outfielder will need to be capable of handling center field .
Those are issues of lesser importance compared to arranging Ohtani 's assimilation . That starts with his interpreter , for which the player will be presented with finalists . Eppler said his experience working for the New York Yankees when they signed Masahiro Tanaka will guide him in filling that job .
“ From my history of being around players from Japan and New York , it 's very important , ” Eppler said . “ Comfort is everything . ”
Eppler said the Angels have pledged to continue to develop Ohtani “ physically , tactically , emotionally. ” That began with their wooing process . When Ohtani 's representatives at Creative Artists Agency sent out a questionnaire to every major league club , Eppler and staffers stayed up late into the night answering the five included questions and executing revisions . They then sent their presentation across the Pacific Ocean to Yoichi Terada , their longtime massage therapist who happens to be a native Japanese speaker .
Back home in Japan , Terada translated it , then returned to Los Angeles to attend the Angels ' 7 p.m. meeting with Ohtani on Dec. 4 at CAA 's offices . For that occasion , the Angels contracted a Phoenix-based video production company to produce a subtitled video .
After expressing interest in learning more , Ohtani underwent a physical examination by an angel doctor Thursday at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic , seven miles from CAA . He then traveled down to Angel Stadium for his final visit . The next morning , his choice was final . The Angels signed what many executives estimate would be a $ 200-million player for a total outlay of $ 22.315 million .
Eppler said he made no promises to the player or his representative , and said he did not expect any Major League Baseball inquiries into the agreement . He said he could not guarantee that Ohtani will be on the opening-day roster , or that Ohtani will always be a two-way player . Eppler said he could only assure the player he would have a say .
“ I think he felt that he was always going to be empowered in the discussion , involved in the discussion , ” Eppler said . “ I can just tell you that right now we 're gon na bring him in and he 's gon na do both . Let 's see where it goes .
“ He knows our commitment to his development . We know he 's not a finished product . ”
Short hops
The Angels are not close to any substantial transactions . They did agree to a minor league contract with outfielder Rymer Liriano over the weekend . Liriano , 26 , is a former top prospect who has struggled in brief major league stints . “ He was a pretty notable prospect , ” Eppler said . “ We still feel like there 's some ability to resuscitate that. ” …In addition to Detroit 's Ian Kinsler , Philadelphia 's Cesar Hernandez and Pittsburgh 's Josh Harrison , Texas ' Jurickson Profar and the Chicago Cubs ' Tommy La Stella are among the second basemen available to the Angels via trade . They will acquire a second baseman this offseason .
pedro.moura @ latimes.com
Follow Pedro Moura on Twitter @ pedromoura
People walk past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong , Thursday , May 31 , 2018 . Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy 's political turmoil subsided . Vincent Yu AP Photo
An RMA crew worked from a pontoon boat Saturday morning , picking up dead fish on Laguna Joaquin .
The Community Services District , which has said nothing about the circumstances of this weekend 's fish kill in Laguna Joaquin , spoke Sunday afternoon . Ed Crouse , the interim general manager , fielded questions .
The key question : What happened ?
Crouse said copper sulfate was added to the east inlet at the RMA 's pump house to treat an algae problem that was impacting the RMA 's pumps . He said this has been done many summers in the past , sometimes multiple times in a summer , with no problems .
The chemical depletes oxygen in water to control algae . It can also kill bacteria , plants , snails , fungi and fish . There were also concerns about blue-green algae in Laguna Joaquin , which can be toxic .
Laguna Joaquin , a shallow , man-made detention pond , has been without its usual source of fresh water , the Cosumnes River , since the Cosumnes Irrigation Association ditch was closed June 27 . It was closed so it could be piped as part of the Murieta Gardens development going on across Jackson Road . Beyond its role as eye candy for people entering Murieta North , Laguna Joaquin catches runoff from much of the North , and it holds water taken from the river for ranchers downstream under riparian water rights .
Since the ditch 's closing , the CSD has made an effort to add fresh water to the lake by running hydrants into storm drains that feed into the lake .
Here 's a Q and A with Crouse , pieced together from interviews Sunday . He apologizes to Murietans impacted by the fish kill , explains the science involved and offers some history . He has been part of the CSD for more than 20 years .
So what happened to cause the fish kill ?
Let me say , I 'm surprised but not shocked . We 've had a similar experience several times in the past , and It 's typically there are several conditions that seem to exacerbate the problem . One is heat ; second is low water levels ; the third is an algae growth . In years past , we have always treated that little cove area to reduce the algae that go into the RMA irrigation system . And in years past , it did n't seem to be a problem . But I think this year ... it just seemed to all come to a head , so to speak .
And this application of copper sulfate was done to the spec , done correctly ?
You catch me off guard there , but I 'd have to say that , yes , Paul ( Siebensohn , director of field operations ) and his staff have been following the spec , if you will , on how to administer it . We 've done it in the past in a similar method , if you will , and it seems to work . But it depends on your perspective , though . Working seems to kill the algae , but fish die because of the lack of oxygen ....
We 're going to , hopefully , get together with RMA and CSD and sit down and have a little skull session and figure out what happened and how we can learn from our experience and move forward , so hopefully we never have it happen again . But there are no guarantees .
Are there any health risks in connection with the algae or water ?
From a resident perspective , I know there 's a smell and aesthetic ( issue ) , and that 's not ideal , but that 's typically what happens in August – it 's green and it 's a kind of funky smell .... Blue-green algae , my understanding is , there is some toxicity . I 'm not sure how that affects humans , so the best bet is to stay out of it until we know otherwise , and not eat any fish ( from there ) . If you catch any fish , wash your hands – normal precautions .
Has there ever been an incident as pronounced as this , with this many hundreds of dead fish ?
My recollection is no , not while I 've been here as GM , since the mid-'90s . I understand it 's happened before , but at that time , in my understanding , it was more of a global application of herbicide to reduce the algae – through the entire lake .
Have you done any testing of the lake water to see the state of things now ?
My understanding is Paul took a sample Friday afternoon , took it to one of the labs , and I think he was more testing for blue-green algae presence than anything else . But I do n't know the extent of what the lab will test for . We 'll surely make those public .
If Friday 's test does n't address oxygen in the lake , will you do another test for that ?
I believe it 's pretty easy for our staff to sample the water on a routine basis and determine the dissolved oxygen level . If need be , we can always grab samples and send them off to a lab .
Did the lack of fresh water in the lake contribute to the fish kill ?
I 'm not an expert , but , you know , there 's always a cause and effect . More than likely ....
There 's been criticism of how the CSD responded to this . Saturday , the work crew that was out there was mostly RMA people . And there was a public safety/communications issue . If you had a hundred dead fish outside your door , you probably would be pretty impatient to get answers . And the CSD was n't available to take questions .
So , there are a couple of topics that you touched on . The first was staff , and was staff available . Yes , we were out there working ( Saturday ) with RMA . I understand that we may not have had the full complement of staff out there , but we had staff assisting RMA , picking up the dead fish . And we also had a staff person out there flushing the hydrants to help raise the water level .
For me , as a general manager , I was out , and I did n't realize the severity of the problem .
You had staff out there , but they were on the shore . If the RMA had n't brought out two boats , there still would be hundreds of dead fish on the water .
I do n't doubt that . I understand it fully . On my end , I 'm trying to close the loop over here , trying to figure out how we can have a point of contact . ... I did n't realize , and did n't read my emails , and did n't get a phone call . We 're going to turn around and take an inward look and figure out how we can address immediate issues faster .
Does the CSD have anything to say to the people who 've been impacted by this ?
I apologize . If we made a mistake , we made a mistake , and I apologize . There are certain things we can control and ones we ca n't control . We try our best , and we 're always working to do what 's best for the community and RMA . Sometimes things go awry . We learn from our mistakes , and we 're going to move forward .
Previous coverage :
Stranger Things , Narcos among Netflix 's most popular shows in India this year
New Delhi : Popular science fiction-horror web series Stranger Things and Narcos were the top shows for Indian viewers this year on streaming platform Netflix .
A member in India watched The SpongeBob SquarePants movie 171 times in 2017 . The most popular day to stream in India was 29 October , 2017 .
Indian members are more likely to binge a TV show at a faster pace than the rest of the world — three days versus the global average of four days .
This year , Netflix members around the world watched more than 140 million hours of TV shows , movies , documentaries and more per day - that 's about one billion hours per week .
India saw a massive rise in bingeing this year . The average global member watched 60 movies on Netflix this year , read a statement from the global streaming video service .
Interestingly , while Indians are amongst the top mobile downloaders in the world for Netflix content , TV devices continue to be important for streaming , with more than a third ( 34 per cent ) of Netflix viewing hours in India being through connected TVs .
The shows that got India cheating in 2017 were : Narcos , Stranger Things , 13 Reasons Why , Mindhunter , Black Mirror , Marvel 's the Defenders , Orange is the New Black , Riverdale , The Crown and Better Call Saul .
Netflix members ranked Stranger Things 2 as the top show to watch together as a family . Nostalgia also scored top points for family watching via Star Trek : Discovery , Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life and Fuller House .
Other shows that brought India together in 2017 were : 13 Reasons Why , Chef 's Table , Riverdale , ASOUE , Atypical and The Good Place .
The shows India devoured in 2017 were : My Only Love Song , 13 Reasons Why , Marvel 's Iron Fist , The Mist , Shooter , Riverdale , Terrace House : Aloha State , Greenleaf , American Vandal and Marvel 's The Defenders .
The shows India savoured in 2017 were : Midnight Diner : Tokyo Series , Samurai Gourmet , Big Mouth , Disjointed , Neo Yokio , You Me Her , The Crown , One Day at a Time , ASOUE and The Confession Tapes .
The popularity is based on the average daily viewing hours per member between 1 November , 2016 and 1 November , 2017 . Series viewed less than two hours per day were identified as ‘ savoured ' .
Series viewed more than two hours per day were identified as ‘ devoured ' . Data was inclusive of new show or new season launches of Netflix originals from 1 November , 2016 to 1 November , 2017 only .
Mike van Dulken , Head of Research at Accendo Markets commented to clients this morning :
FTSE 100 Index called to open +25pts at 7420 , having broken above the 7415 barrier we highlighted last week , which opens the door for a run to the late November high of 7473 . Bulls need a break above 7427 overnight , bears a breach of the 74115 breakout . Bullish 7430 , Bearish 7415 .
Calls for gains at the open come thanks to Asian equities following Wall St higher , and a GBP pullback , with the likes of HSBC already welcoming Wednesday 's Fed rate hike which may help sector peers . Miners reacted well to both the weaker USD and Friday 's China trade data , even if the nation 's inflation metrics disappointed over the weekend begging questions about global growth and credit curbs . Oil majors are also helping thanks to oil price buoyancy .
In corporate news , BAE Systems finalises £5bn contract with Qatar for 24 Typhoon combat planes . AstraZeneca says calquence shows potential in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia trials . Babcock confirms no contract revenue/profit recognition changes required for adoption of IFRS 15 . Centrica says its Spirit Energy JV with Norway 's Bayerngas Energy has begun trading .
Photo-Me 1H profits boosted by higher laundry sales . Premier Oil sells 30 % stake in ETS Pipeline for £23.6m . Genel Energy says production from Peshkabir field in Tawke licence ( 25 % stake ) in Kurdistan has tripled to 15K bopd /day .
US equity markets closed higher again Friday , with more record highs , helped by the US labour report , tax reform optimism and no government shut-down ( albeit temporarily ) .
Crude Oil prices have found fresh support ( US Crude $ 57 , Brent $ 63.5 ) after Friday 's volatility to hold their OPEC/NOPEc bounce and keep alive the uptrends from July . This despite Kuwait 's Oil minister suggesting the production cut agreement may need to end in 2019 is the oil market rebalances by June .
Gold has extended Friday 's bounce from late July lows of $ 1244 , helped by a USD pullback ( consolidating some of its recent tax reform inspired rally , this week 's Fed rate hike 98 % priced in ) to make the yellow metal slightly cheaper for non-USD buyers . However , it has yet to get back above the prior breached support level $ 1252 , driven more by FX than safehaven demand .
In focus today , with an almost empty macro data docket , is likely to be the week ahead with policy updates from the US Federal reserve ( Weds ) and both the Bank of England and ECB ( Thurs ) . While the former is expected to hike rates , it is the outlook from the trio that may move markets .
Other major events this week include Tuesday 's Paris Climate summit , and Thurs/Fri European Leaders summit in Brussels following Friday 's last minute UK-EU Brexit progression deal ( EU citizens ' rights , Irish border ) allowing the UK to move on to phase two ( trade , transition period ) .
Key macro data includes UK and US inflation ( Tues & Weds ) , UK Jobs ( Weds ) , China Industrial Production & Retail Sales ( Thurs ) and US and Eurozone PMI Manufacturing ( Thurs ) and US Retail Sales ( Thurs ) . All have potential to impact sentiment on both currencies ( GBP , EUR , USD ) and equities/indices by virtue of what it implies for corporate and consumer sentiment and global growth .
PALLEKELE - Ravichandran Ashwin grabbed four wickets on Monday as India crushed Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs inside three days to complete their first three-Test series sweep on foreign soil . Off-spinner Ashwin and paceman Mohammed Shami shared seven wickets as Sri Lanka were bowled out for 181 in their follow-on in Pallekele .
Sri Lanka crumbled to 135 all out in their first response to India 's first innings 487 , putting the world 's top Test team in firm control . `` We are a young side . We look forward to playing Test cricket with the same kind of excitement . That 's the only way you can be ruthless ... We like to be proactive rather than reactive , '' said captain Virat Kohli . `` We have age on our side . We have an opportunity to play together for five-six years with this whole bunch and this really excites us , '' he added .
All-rounder Hardik Pandya set up the win with a blistering , 96-ball 108 , cracking his maiden Test century in just his third game . The 23-year-old Pandya , who hit eight fours and seven sixes , received the man of the match award . He also bowled out former Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews for nought in the first innings .
`` The regulars have performed like they have been doing ... but the biggest positive would be Hardik 's inclusion and the way he has shaped up in the first three Tests , '' said Kohli . `` The kind of confidence he has shown with the ball and the maturity with the bat as well , it really gives the boost down the order and a lot of balance as far as our composition of the side is concerned , '' added Kohli .
Left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav turned up the heat with four wickets in Sri Lanka 's first innings as the islanders conceded a 352-run first innings lead . And Ashwin kept up the pressure on the beleaguered hosts , striking the first blow of the morning session by sending back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 .
Skipper Dinesh Chandimal , who made 36 , provided some resistence during his 65-run fifth-wicket stand with Angelo Mathews . Kuldeep , playing just his second Test , broke the partnership with Chandimal 's wicket just after lunch , and Ashwin soon got Mathews for 35 as Sri Lanka slipped further .
Wicketkeeper Niroshan Dickwella top-scored with 41 before falling to the guile of the lanky off-spinner . Shami combined with Ashwin to mop up the tail as struggling Sri Lanka suffered their second successive innings loss after the Colombo Test .
`` A tough series as a team . India played some good cricket . Our batting and bowling was below-par through the series . We had to be more patient and concentrate more , '' said a disappointed Chandimal . Indian opener Shikhar Dhawan , who hit a brisk 119 in the first innings , was named the man of the series for topping the run chart . The left-handed batsman accumulated 358 runs inthe series with two hundreds .
The two sides now play a limited-overs series with the first of the five one-day international on August 20 in Dambulla . They will play a single Twenty20 match after .
Scoreboard
INDIA 1ST INNINGS : 487
SRI LANKA 1ST INNINGS :
SRI LANKA 2ND INNINGS :
( OVERNIGHT : 19-1 ) :
D Karunaratne c Rahane b Ashwin 16
U Tharanga b U Yadav 7
M Pushpakumara c Saha b Shami 1
K Mendis lbw b Shami 12
D Chandimal c Pujara b K Yadav 36
A Mathews lbw b Ashwin 35
N Dickwella c Rahane b U Yadav 41
D Perera c Pandya b Ashwin 8
L Sandakan c Saha b Shami 8
V Fernando not out 4
L Kumara b Ashwin 10
EXTRAS : ( b2 , nb1 ) 3
TOTAL : ( all out , 74.3 overs ) 181
BOWLING : Shami 15-6-32-3 , Ashwin 28.3-6-68-4 , U. Yadav 13-5-21-2 , K. Yadav 17-4-56-1 , Pandya 1-0-2-0
FOW : 1-15 , 2-26 , 3-34 , 4-39 , 5-104 , 6-118 , 7-138 , 8-166 , 9-168 , 10-181
TOSS : India
UMPIRES : Richard Illingworth ( ENG ) , Rod Tucker ( AUS )
TV UMPIRE : Bruce Oxenford ( AUS )
MATCH REFEREE : Richie Richardson ( WIS )
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT . Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from St. Mary Now . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today !
By Padraic Halpin and Conor Humphries
| DUBLIN
DUBLIN Leo Varadkar was elected Irish Prime Minister on Wednesday , making the 38-year-old son of an Indian immigrant the first gay premier of the once-staunchly Catholic country and the youngest person to hold the office.Despite inheriting Europe 's fastest-growing economy , he will face immediate challenges in the shape of neighbouring Britain 's exit from the European Union , a political crisis in Northern Ireland and a housing crisis at home.Varadkar succeeded Enda Kenny earlier this month as leader of the Fine Gael party . Colleagues pinned their hopes of an unprecedented third term on the straight-talking Varadkar , who they believe can widen their appeal in elections that may be triggered as soon as next year . `` Enda Kenny 's leadership enabled me to become an equal citizen in my own country two short years ago and to aspire to hold this office , an aspiration I once thought was beyond my reach , at least if I chose to be myself , '' Varadkar said in reference to Ireland 's 2015 vote to legalise gay marriage . `` The government I lead will not be one of left or right . The government I lead will be one of the new European centre as we seek to build a Republic of opportunity , that is a Republic in which every citizen gets a fair go and in which every part of the country stands to share in our prosperity . `` Varadkar 's elevation marks another chapter in the social change that has swept through the country of 4.6 million people that only decriminalised homosexuality in 1993 and legalised divorce two years later .
`` As the country 's youngest holder of this office , he speaks for a new generation of Irish women and Irish men , he represents a modern , diverse and inclusive Ireland and speaks for them like no other , '' Kenny told parliament , nominating his successor.POLICY SHIFTS
However it is his policies that will attract more scrutiny at home with opponents warning that the former health , tourism and social protection minister , who first joined the centre-right party aged 17 , would nudge it further to the right .
While analysts expect few major policy shifts from Varadkar and his new cabinet , the new Fine Gael leader has hinted at some changes.He has pledged to introduce a less ambitious debt reduction target than the one set by Kenny 's government last year , and to lobby the EU for additional leeway to free up more funding for badly needed infrastructure projects.On Brexit , he wants Northern Ireland , a British province , to remain in the EU 's single market and retain access to as many EU programmes as possible to ensure it secures a `` soft '' Brexit that he has said appears more likely following last week 's British election .
Varadkar told parliament on Wednesday that Ireland would hold a referendum next year on liberalising Ireland 's abortion laws , currently among the most restrictive in Europe . European Council President Donald Tusk , tweeting words of congratulations in the Irish language , assured Varadkar that his fellow EU leaders shared a `` great sensitivity '' about the challenge the island of Ireland faces in the Brexit talks.Varadkar , who took his seat in parliament 10 years ago to the day on Wednesday , named Paschal Donohoe finance minister , replacing the retiring Michael Noonan . Donohoe will also retain his existing portfolio as public expenditure minister.Donohoe , 42 , has managed budgetary policy with Noonan for the last year and was previously transport minister where he successfully negotiated the sale of the state 's 30 percent stake in former flag carrier Aer Lingus to IAG ( ICAG.L ) .Varadkar also appointed his chief rival for the leadership , former housing minister Simon Coveney , as foreign minister . ( Editing by Mark Heinrich )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
3:03 Talkback : Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo 's tragic loss of his wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor 's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C . Smith discusses the honor
2:46 Making peppermint candy
2:25 Kerry defends Obama 's UN vote
10:50 a.m .
California Fires Photo : Henray Galvan / Twitter
Authorities have issued new alerts about unhealthy air from smoke and ash sent up by a growing Southern California wildfire .
Richard Sanchez , a manager at Jeannine 's American Bakery Restaurant in the foothill enclave of Montecito , says customers are coming in Monday wearing masks . He says smoke is so thick that visibility is down to a few feet and a layer of ash is coating the streets .
Regulators are warning people in parts of Santa Barbara , Ventura and Los Angeles counties to stay indoors , avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash .
Even residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria who are n't under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of the thick blanket of smoke .
___
7:45 a.m .
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito , where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames .
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe 's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday . Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters , saying `` we need you ! ''
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety . She said she was proud to be a part of the small , exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles .
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that his property was in danger .
Many residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through .
___
5:30 a.m .
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend .
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito , Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles ( 120 kilometers ) northwest of Los Angeles . Much of the fire 's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest .
The fire , which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings , burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday . It 's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles ( 930 square kilometers ) .
Officials say the blaze , which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County , is now the 5th largest in California history .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Joyoung Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO SELL UNIT FOR 100-111 MILLION YUAN ( $ 15.92-17.67 million ) TO WELL LEAD MEDICAL Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2DViUEX Further company coverage :
A drug user who was found with a large haul of amphetamine in her freezer had been `` caught in the middle of something a lot bigger '' .
A teenage girl suffered an overdose after taking substances at the `` drug den '' but the woman claimed she was not there at the time , a court heard .
Bonnie Melody , 46 , of Newport , Barton-upon-Humber , admitted possessing amphetamine with intent to supply on January 16 .
Jeremy Evans , prosecuting , told Grimsby Crown Court that police went to Melody 's home after an earlier incident and carried out a search .
There was amphetamine on a table and cannabis in a kitchen drawer .
A bag of amphetamine , with a street value of £6,800 , was found in a freezer .
Electronic scales had traces of amphetamine , cocaine and cannabis on them .
`` She has been caught in the middle of something a lot bigger , '' said Mr Evans .
Richard Davies , mitigating , said that Melody claimed she was looking after the amphetamine in the freezer for people she did not want to name for fear of reprisals .
`` She has not got the strongest of personalities to prevent people using her house in the way she did , ” said Mr Davies .
`` She should have stood up to certain individuals but she did not . ''
A 15-year-old girl took drugs in the house and suffered an overdose , ending up in hospital , but Melody claimed she did not see any drugs given to her and was at work .
Melody was using amphetamine at the time and her lifestyle was `` not good '' but she had stopped doing so and was working 70 hours a week in Hull .
Judge Mark Bury said : `` This house was a drug den . She was letting people in to take drugs at that house because she herself took them . ''
The teenage girl had an adverse reaction to the drugs and had to go to hospital .
`` Had she died , you would have been in a lot more difficulty than you are now , '' said Judge Bury .
He did not accept that Melody was looking after the amphetamine in the freezer for someone else .
`` If it had not been found , you would have been taking that amphetamine in conjunction with other people , '' said Judge Bury .
Melody was given a four-month suspended prison sentence .
Iran Focus
London , 8 Dec - On 18th July 1994 , a bomb went off at the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association ( AMIA ) building in Buenos Argentina , killing 85 people and injuring hundreds more . This is the deadliest attack ever in Argentina . Since then , there have been a number of accusations about who was involved and cover-ups related to local involvement .
Argentine prosecutors Alberto Nisman and Marcelo Martínez Burgos , in October 2006 , formally accused the government of Iran of being involved .
Nisman spent many years of his life investigating the incident and he had compiled an indictment of more than 500 pages showing that Iran was setting up terrorist networks all across the world .
He was able to show that many senior Iranian officials were actively involved in the 1994 attack , among others , including Iran 's cultural attaché in Argentina .
He was also able to establish a link with Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner – a former president of Argentina . She was involved in a plan that would help to exonerate Iranian suspects , illegally , for their part in the attacks . However , just hours before he was due to present the evidence he found to Congress , he was found dead at his home . He died as a result of gunshot injuries and it was classed as a suicide despite an investigator involved in the case claiming that it was murder .
Yesterday , a federal judge in the country indicted the former president for treason and a warrant for her arrest was issued . Judge Claudio Bonadio called for Kirchner 's immunity from arrest to be annulled and she could face between 10 and 25 years in prison .
Five Iranian officials were accused of ordering the Lebanese Hezbollah to carry out the attack . They included the late former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Revolutionary Guards commander Mohsen Rezaie and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati .
Kirchner denied all charges and said that the deal she signed does not amount to treason – rather it was an “ act of foreign policy that can not be prosecuted ” . She said : “ The case was absolutely paralyzed because Iran does not extradite its compatriots . What we did was to act within the framework of international law . ”
However , the judge said that the evidence was clear and that the deal amounted to “ an orchestrated criminal plan ” aimed at covering up Iran 's involvement in the attack in exchange for lucrative trade deals with the country .
He also pointed out that Iran was never designated as a terrorist state by Argentina .
Iran has been involved in a number of horrific terrorist attacks and they are carried out via proxies and militias such as Hezbollah . It is trying to expand its influence across the Middle East , but also further afield on an international level and Hezbollah is instrumental in this .
The international community needs to act urgently before Iran gains more and more control on a global scale . Thankfully Nisman persevered in his investigation and as a result of his death , the case was reopened and the criminals helping Iran and covering up its crimes can be prosecuted and held to account .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel yesterday said EU member states should assume more responsibility in creating a European solution for the refugee crisis as she praised Turkey for hosting more than 3 million Syrian refugees in its borders .
`` This challenge is not something one or several member states can address alone ; rather , this is a task for all of us , '' Merkel stressed during her address at the German Parliament , the Bundestag , and said the leaders reached a common understanding on the need for closer cooperation .
She also underlined the importance of an EU decision last week to allocate an additional 3 billion euros in assistance for Syrian refugees in Turkey .
`` We can criticize Turkey on many other issues , but what Turkey has done by providing shelter to refugees that have fled civil war in Syria is a big contribution . And that deserves the appreciation , '' she stressed .
Amid criticism from opposition politicians , Merkel underlined that the EU 's financial aid was not transferred to Turkey 's state budget but specifically used for projects to improve the conditions of Syrian refugees .
She praised the success of EU-Turkey cooperation and vowed to clinch agreements with African countries to control irregular migrant flows through the Mediterranean .
In 2016 , Merkel championed the EU-Turkey refugee agreement with the hope of stopping the refugee influx after nearly a million refugees arrived in Germany .
The EU had pledged 6 billion euros in funding for the refugees and promised to mobilize the second 3-billion-euro tranche by the end of 2018.The agreement has been successful in significantly reducing the number of crossings in the Aegean Sea and preventing the loss of many lives.Turkey hosts some 3.5 million Syrians , more than any other country in the world . Ankara says it has spent around $ 25 billion helping and sheltering refugees since the beginning of the Syrian civil war
.
Avery Bradley drives to the basket during the Pistons ' first game at Little Caesars Arena , on Wednesday , a preseason matchup against the Hornets . ( Photo : Carlos Osorio , AP )
Detroit -- The reviews are in , and they 've been mostly glowing .
Especially if you 're a Red Wings fan .
The problem is , Little Caesars Arena is the home of the Pistons , too -- even though it 's sometimes , at least at first glance or even the second , pretty hard to tell .
Pistons star Andre Drummond was the first to sound that alarm , tweeting recently , `` @ LCA_Detroit looking more like a hockey arena ...... barely any @ DetroitPistons stuff in there .... I need answers . ''
@ LCA_Detroit looking more like a hockey arena ...... barely any @ DetroitPistons stuff in there .... I need answers — Andre Drummond ( @ AndreDrummond ) September 24 , 2017
Tom Wilson , president and CEO of Olympia Entertainment , acknowledged the sentiment in talking with The Detroit News on Friday .
`` It was a hockey arena for a long time , in our minds , '' Wilson said . `` I could understand why Drummond would come through , or any player would come through , and say , 'Gee , it feels more like a hockey building . ' That 'll change over time . ''
Ground was broken on Little Caesars Arena in September 2014 , with the Red Wings planning to be the lone tenant .
More : Pink eye sidelines Drummond for tonight 's preseason game
But following months of negotiations in the months that followed , the Pistons signed on to move from Auburn Hills to share the building -- a pivot that had construction crews scurrying to make modifications to accommodate the new tenant , such as additional locker rooms , some higher ceilings , etc .
While there is Pistons gear and photos throughout the arena , there is much more Red Wings memorabilia and artifacts , such as the winged wheel made out of car parts -- a favorite selfie spot for fans -- or the original lettering from old Olympia Stadium , or the statues from Joe Louis Arena .
`` We 're still working with them ( the Pistons ) , actually , on some things to put on on the concourse , '' said Wilson , who is a prior to joining Olympia was president and CEO with Palace Sports & Entertainment . `` And one of those things , we put a lot of time and a lot of thought into everything that we 've done here , and all the artifacts and everything else that 's here .
`` And so , we just sort of said to them , 'You know , let 's not just put a big poster of Isiah ( Thomas ) up or something like that . Let 's sit down and really use our creative juices together to come up with something that celebrates the heritage of your team every much like you 've seen on the Red Wings out there . There 's a lot of great memorabilia , but a lot of great photos that are a moment in time .
`` Let 's try to do the same thing , and let everybody sort of celebrate the great memories that both of these teams have given us . ''
The Red Wings opened their regular season at LCA on Thursday with a 4-2 victory over the Minnesota Wild .
The Pistons still are in preseason , and were set to host the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night -- side note : it takes about five hours for the staff to cover the ice with a basketball court , down from 14 when they had their first dry run , Wilson said -- and do n't open the regular season until Oct. 18 , at home against the Charlotte Hornets .
Wilson acknowledged it 'll take longer than that to get LCA feeling like a basketball arena as much as a hockey arena -- longer for the Pistons to feel like , say , a buddy renting a small , tucked-away bedroom in your friend 's mansion .
But the game-day atmosphere should go a long way in changing perceptions .
`` It 'll change as we get more and more Pistons fans in there to make it feel more like a basketball arena , '' Wilson said . `` Nothing like looking up and seeing 20,000 people cheering for you to make this feel like this is my home . And I think that 's coming . ''
tpaul @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
Rick and Morty
As summer kicks into high gear , taking a break from the heat is always a good idea . While the June sunshine is beautiful , so are Hulu 's new offerings to take your mind off that search for the perfect beachside spot . From new channel offerings to classic flicks , you can get your relaxation on while catching up on the latest TV and films .
So blend up a margarita , soak up the A/C , and settle in for a marathon of the shows and movies coming to and leaving Hulu this month — you 'll spend much less on sunscreen and have a ball anyway !
–Clara Scott
Contributing Writer
_________________________________________________________
Watch What 's New on TV
The Bold Type : Season 2 Pre-Premiere ( Freeform ) ( 6/5 ) ( Watch The Bold Type season 2 premiere episode early exclusively on Hulu ! ) :
A glimpse into the outrageous lives and loves of those responsible for the global women 's magazine , “ Scarlet. ” The rising generation of Scarlet women leans on one another as they find their own voices in a sea of intimidating leaders . Together they explore sexuality , identity , love and fashion .
VICELAND ( SVOD Premiere ) ( 6/8 )
From Gaycation , to F * ck , That 's Delicious , to the meta-comedy What Would Diplo Do ? , 15 series from the lifestyle-and-culture-focused VICELAND network will become available to stream exclusively on Hulu .
Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency : Complete Season 2 ( BBC America ) ( 6/14 ) :
Welcome to the world of Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency ; a trippy mystery that thrusts a reluctant sidekick into the bizarre world of an unconventional detective who believes in the interconnectedness of all things .
The Other Guy : Complete Season 1 ( eOne ) ( 6/22 ) :
A successful radio host who finds himself unexpectedly back in the dating pool for the first time in a decade , after discovering his long-term girlfriend has been having an affair with his best friend .
Rick & Morty : Complete Season 3 ( Adult Swim ) ( 6/23 ) :
Rick and Morty is a show about a sociopathic scientist who drags his unintelligent grandson on insanely dangerous adventures across the universe .
_________________________________________________________
Binge It !
The Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring ( 2001 )
The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ( 2003 )
The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers ( 2002 )
Leprechaun ( 1993 )
Leprechaun 2 ( 1994 )
Leprechaun 3 ( 1995 )
Leprechaun 4 : In Space ( 1996 )
Leprechaun 5 : In the Hood ( 2000 )
Leprechaun 6 : Back 2 Tha Hood ( 2003 )
Leprechaun : Origins ( 2014 )
_________________________________________________________
Start Fresh With Season Premieres
So You Think You Can Dance : Season 15 Premiere ( FOX ) ( 6/5 )
Cloak & Dagger : Series Premiere ( Freeform ) ( 6/8 )
Nashville : Season 6 Midseason Premiere ( CMT ) ( 6/8 )
_________________________________________________________
Want Some Action ?
Blade Runner 2049 ( 2017 ) ( * HBO )
Hellboy ( 2004 )
Ghost in the Shell ( 2017 ) ( * Showtime )
Transformers : The Last Knight ( 2017 )
Kingsman : The Golden Circle ( 2017 ) ( * HBO )
Stargate ( 1994 )
_________________________________________________________
Watch These With the Lights On
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street ( 2007 )
Shutter Island ( 2009 )
IT ( 2017 ) ( * HBO )
Hellbound : Hellraiser II ( 1988 )
_________________________________________________________
Critically Acclaimed Movies for a Rainy Day
A Beautiful Mind ( 2001 )
Nanny Mcphee ( 2006 )
Restoration ( 1995 )
Steel Magnolias ( 1989 ) ( * Showtime )
Trainspotting ( 1996 )
Precious ( 2008 )
_________________________________________________________
Love Love ? These Are the Flicks for You
Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason ( 2004 ) ( * Showtime )
Brokeback Mountain ( 2005 )
Across the Universe ( 2007 )
_________________________________________________________
Learn Something with a Biopic
Tell Them Anything You Want : A Portrait of Maurice Sendak ( 2009 )
Nina ( 2016 )
The Clintons : An American Odyssey ( 2012 )
_________________________________________________________
Say Goodbye at the End of June
30 Beats ( 2012 )
5 Days of War ( 2010 )
A League of Their Own ( 1992 )
A Simple Plan ( 1998 )
Accepted ( 2006 )
Agent ( 2017 )
Alter ( 2017 )
As I AM : The Life and Times of DJ AM ( 2015 )
Bad News Bears ( 2005 )
Basic Instincts ( 1992 )
Billy the Kid ( 2013 )
Cool Runnings ( 1993 )
Death Becomes Her ( 1992 )
Desperately Seeking Susan ( 1985 )
Eye for an Eye ( 1996 )
Fever ( 2017 )
Home of the Brave ( 2006 )
Horsemen ( 2009 )
I 'm Gon na Git You Sucka ( 1988 )
Internal Affairs ( 1990 )
Jane Eyre ( 1996 )
K2 ( 1992 )
Knock Knock ( 2015 )
Ladybugs ( 1992 )
Legionario ( 2017 )
Life Stinks ( 1991 )
Marathon Man ( 1976 )
Married to the Mob ( 1988 )
Mystery Team ( 2009 )
Private Violence ( 2017 )
Project Nim ( 2011 )
Conrad Shipyard of Morgan City has been awarded a contract by Power Engineering Construction Company of Alameda , California , to build several components for the Water Emergency Transportation Authority 's San Francisco Ferry Expansion Project , Conrad said in a news release .
The local shipbuilding in-dustry has helped boost the St. Mary economy during the slump related to depressed oil prices and the shift from offshore production to inland fracking .
Conrad recently announced the acquisition of a contract to build ocean-going tugboats for a Seattle company . Metal Shark in Jeanerette and Franklin said it has a deal to build patrol boats for the U.S. Navy .
Construction of the WETA components will be completed at Conrad 's Orange , Texas , shipyard . Johnny Conrad , chairman , president and CEO made the announcement :
“ This new business is in addition to a barge that we currently have under con-struction for Power Engineering Construction and we appreciate their continued confidence . This project represents a key milestone in the build-out of WETA 's San Francisco Bay infrastructure , and we are proud to be a part of it . I want to thank our shipbuilding team for their uncompromising commitment to quality , craftsmanship , integrity and service , which makes new business like this possible . ”
Power Engineering Con-struction Company builds complex marine construction and civil engineering projects . The company has a wide portfolio of successful completions for marine , civil and design-build applications .
The Downtown San Francisco Ferry Terminal Expansion Project , now underway , will increase the terminal 's capacity to serve current and future passengers and will improve the amenities around the terminal . The two-year construction project includes building two new ferry gates and the reconstruction of another . Beautification and other amenities include the addition of weather canopies , a new plaza area , and extended promenades in keeping with the historic Ferry Building .
ISLAMABAD – Kuwait 's Satam Alsahi and Pakistan 's Amjed Aziz Malik elected unopposed president and secretary of AIPS ASIA here at a local hotel on Friday .
The AIPS ASIA elections were held in Islamabad on Friday . Iran 's Abdul Hamid Ahmedi was chairman election commission . A total of three candidates had submitted nomination papers for president slot , but after Dong Jung and Amjed Malik taking back nomination papers , Satam Alsahi was elected unopposed president , while Korea 's Dong Jung was elected as vice president while Malaysia 's Ahmed Ghawari , Iran 's Mesam , Qatar 's Muhamamd Haji , Saudi Arab 's Muhammad Hassan and India 's Saba Niyakun were also elected as vice presidents . Pakistan 's Amjed Aziz Malik returned as unopposed secretary of AIPS ASIA while Nepal 's Neranjan was elected as finance secretary . AIPS president Giyani Marlo congratulated the AIPS AISA newly-elected body .
Islamabad
Minister for Climate Change Mushahidullah Khan Friday said Pakistan has established 19 wetlands in its all four provinces , which were considered one of the most diverse and productive ecosystems supporting rich biodiversity and providing valuable products and services to human beings .
Talking to media here , he said nine , five , three and two wetlands had been established in Sindh , Balochistan , Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa respectively.The minister said : “ Sustainable Wetland Management can bring strong political attention and economic opportunities for millions of people through wise use and the maintenance of key socio-economic values related to wetlands . ”
He said February 2 was being observed as World Wetlands Day to create awareness of these extremely valuable ecosystems that continue to be among the most threatened.—APP
RAWALPINDI Oct 06 ( APP ) : Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff
Committee ( JCSC ) , Gen Zubair Mahmud Hayat on Friday responded Indian Air Force ( IAF ) Chief 's nuclear bluster saying , “ Let there be no doubt that any Indian strategic miscalculation or misadventure ( now or at any other time ) will be responded with such force , as necessary , to teach a lesson to the errant party ” .
In a tweet message , Gen Hayat said ‘ Pakistan has noted
with deep concern the rash and irresponsible statement by IAF Chief regarding ‘ targeting Pakistan Nuclear Weapons ' .
“ While to some it may be surprising that the senior most
Indian active duty Air Force officer has made such a threat , which constitutes advert strategic escalation ; to us in Pakistan it just reconfirms the current aggressive Indian strategic thought and behaviour , which has been dangerously emboldened by a ‘ permissive ' environment .
“ This Indian quest for force application against nuclear weapons and blinded focus on war in a fragile strategic environment is a real and tangible ‘ alert call . '
“ As a credible and responsible nuclear power , Pakistan rejects this Indian strategic posture , ” he added .
The IAF Chief at a presser on Wednesday had said that if India needed to carry out surgical strike , his aircraft could target Pakistan 's nuclear installations and destroy them .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -- John Elway rather tersely pointed out in April that kicker Brandon McManus ' one-year tender offer was on Elway 's desk and ready to be signed `` when he wants to come sign it . ''
On Wednesday , McManus finally made the trip and became the last restricted free agent in the league to sign his tender for the 2017 season . McManus will now earn $ 2.746 million for the season if the two sides do n't close out a long-term deal in the weeks to come .
McManus has attended the team 's offseason program , including this week 's mandatory minicamp . On the final day of the draft , Elway was asked about several other items , including the status of McManus ' tender , and Elway quickly responded :
`` It 's up there . So when he wants to come sign it , he can come sign it . ''
Broncos kicker Brandon McManus signed his one-year tender . AP Photo/David Zalubowski
McManus made $ 600,000 last season , and he and the Broncos had faced a Thursday deadline -- at 2 p.m. Denver time . At that point the Broncos could have pulled the tender offer and instead replaced it with a June 15 tender , which would have paid McManus 110 percent of his 2016 salary -- $ 660,000 -- and significantly less than the one-year deal on the table .
McManus has been seeking a long-term deal and would now be an unrestricted free agent next March .
`` There is really no rush for me to sign the tender because it could go through June 15 , '' is how McManus put it during last month 's OTAs . `` I would love to be here as long as I can and be on a long-term deal here that gives me some security . I love Denver and I love the fan base here . I would love to be here for four years , so why not see what I can do ? ''
The Broncos had offered one-year tenders to both of their prominent restricted free agents -- linebacker Todd Davis and McManus . Davis signed his tender soon after .
McManus ' agent , Drew Rosenhaus , has talked to the Broncos about a long-term deal for McManus . But during Elway 's tenure as the team 's chief football decision-maker , other than wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders ' deal last summer , the Broncos have routinely waited until November or December to negotiate long-term deals with some of their players headed for free agency .
Von Miller signed a record deal in July after he had been designated the team 's franchise player . But for most other pending free agents the Broncos have wanted to re-sign , the team has made deals in November and beyond .
Cornerback Chris Harris Jr. , defensive end Derek Wolfe and safety Darian Stewart each signed long-term deals Nov. 26 or later in the season before they were scheduled for free agency .
McManus was 29-of-34 in field goal attempts last season ( .853 ) and was 30-of-35 in 2015 before he went 10-of-10 in the team 's run to a Super Bowl 50 win .
South Korea strongly protested Japan 's renewed claims to a cluster of South Korea-controlled islets in its revised education guideline unveiled on Tuesday .
Japan 's education ministry posted the draft version of a revised guideline on Tokyo 's e-government website for a month-long public review process .
( Yonhap )
The guideline called for teaching students in the country 's elementary and middle schools that Dokdo belongs to Japan . `` We can not but deplore Japan 's repeated claims to our territory , Dokdo , in its draft version of a revised guideline ... and we demand its immediate withdrawal , '' the foreign ministry said.The ministry noted that it will not tolerate any provocation in regard to Dokdo which is `` our territory historically , geographically and by international law . `` The ministry said that it called in the Japanese embassy minister to lodge an official complaint.The guideline , which is usually revised every 10 years , serves as a state-enforced standard for educating students and writing textbooks . It will be applied to elementary school students from 2020 and to middle school students from 2021.Currently , Japan is teaching elementary and middle school students in all social studies textbooks that Dokdo is its territory . But this is the first time that Tokyo specified the claim in the legally binding educational guideline.Dokdo , which lies closer to South Korea in the East Sea , has long been a source of tension between the neighbors.South Korea has kept a small police detachment on Dokdo since its liberation from Japan in 1945 and has made clear that Tokyo 's claims are utterly groundless.Japan has been seeking to bolster its territorial claims to the islets in school curricula . In 2008 , it stated for the first time in its educational handbooks -- lower-level of guidelines -- that Dokdo is part of its territory . South Korea called its ambassador to Tokyo in protest.Experts say that the latest revision of the education guideline will not likely change the way students in Japan are taught given that the existing textbooks lay claims to the islets.Currently all four types of textbooks authorized for use in elementary schools in Japan and all 19 textbooks for high school students describe Dokdo as Japanese territory.The latest controversy , however , expected to add to the ongoing diplomatic friction over a statue recently erected in front of the Japanese consulate in South Korea 's southern port city of Busan.Tokyo demanded the immediate removal of the statue symbolizing its wartime sexual slavery of Korean women and called home its ambassador in protest last month . The ambassador has not come back to Seoul . ( Yonhap )
Ice pops recalled over possible listeria contamination
A West Virginia company is voluntarily recalling thousands of cases of ice pops because of possible listeria contamination at a Denver facility , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday .
The recall covers two types of frozen desserts made by the Ziegenfelder Company – Budget $ aver Cherry Pineapple Monster Pops and Sugar Free Twin pops .
Between April 5 and April 19 , roughly 3,000 cases of the potentially-tainted pops were sent to retailers and distributors in Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Maine , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Texas , Utah , Washington and Wyoming .
No illnesses have been reported , according to the FDA .
Listeria can be potentially fatal for young children , the elderly or people with weakened immune systems . The disease can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women . Healthy people may experience short-term symptoms including fever , headache , stiffness , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea .
The Cherry Pineapple Monster Pops carry the UPC code 0-74534-84200-9 , and have lot codes D09418A through D10018B . The Sugar Free Pops carry the UPC code 0-74534-75642-9 , and have lot codes D09318A through D10018B .
Ziegenfelder Company ordered the recall after a state inspection of the company 's Denver production facility found listeria in environmental samples . All manufacturing at the facility has been halted as company and state officials continue to investigate .
Anyone who bought the affected ice pops is urged to return them to the place of purchase for a full refund . Consumers with questions may contact the company at 1-888-683-0379 , Mon-Fri 8am to 8pm EST
1 of 2
* This report was originally published on CBS6 .
Author : CBS6/ Tribune Media Wire
You 've been thinking about getting a new certification to move you ahead at work ; in fact , it 's been on your to-do list for a long time . Being a Project Manager is the ultimate goal , and you know you 'd be perfect for the job with the right certification . With tuition costs that seem to climb with every passing year and limited free time on your hands , how are you supposed to attend classes and afford any kind of certification ? Project Management Professionals are sought after in nearly every field , and even if you 're convinced that you ca n't afford the time or money to get your certificate , can you afford not to ? Talk about being stuck between a rock and a hard place .
Pursue a High-Demand Profession with One of the Industry 's Most Respected Certifications ! Learn more
Becoming a certified Project Management Professional , or PMP , is absolutely within your reach . Online certification is just as recognized as classroom learning today , and it 's far more convenient , too . The professionals at iCollege want you to start your journey to becoming a PMP as soon as possible !
Take this 10-course bundle which features over 100 hours of content . If you 've seen other Project Management courses advertised before but could n't decide which one to get , this is the one because it includes courses on : Project Management Professional ( PMP )
Certified Associate In Project Management ( PMI-CAPM )
Risk Management Professional ( PMI-RMP )
CompTIA Project+ PK0-003
Six Sigma Green Belt
Sig Sigma Black Belt
PRINCE2 Foundation
PRINCE2 Practitioner
Information Technology Infrastructure Library ( ITIL ) Foundation
Information Technology Infrastructure Library ( ITIL ) Service Operation
Pursue a High-Demaand Profession with One of the Industry 's Most Respected Certifications ! Learn more
Toronto police are seeking the public 's help identifying two men and a vehicle involved in the fatal shooting of 26-year-old Nnamdi Ogba .
Police were called to Scarlettwood Court , off of Scarlett Road and south of Lawrence Avenue West , after 11 p.m. Friday with reports of a shooting .
Officer arrived and located a man who was unconscious and not breathing . He was later pronounced dead at the scene .
Police said the victim was walking towards his parked car when he was approached by two men from behind .
Investigators said the men fired multiple rounds at Ogba before fleeing on foot and escaped in an SUV waiting for them near the Scarlettwood Court community housing complex area . It is believed the vehicle is a newer-model Nissan Rogue .
Police said the victim was employed as an electrical engineer and was visiting his fiancee when he was gunned down .
Investigators said the victim did not do anything to provoke the attack .
Police have released security camera images and video from the scene .
Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-7400 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS .
London-area drivers will need to plan accordingly next week when travelling in the evening and early morning hours along the 401 through Ingersoll .
Both directions of the 401 will be closed through Highway 19 between 9 p.m. and 5 a.m. on June 21 and 22 for major construction work at the intersection , the Ministry of Transportation ( MTO ) said Wednesday .
READ MORE : London-area traffic map
The two eight-hour closures are to allow for components of the Highway 19 bridge , including girders and sections of the bridge deck , to be assembled at the site . The work is part of an ongoing improvement project at the interchange which is slated to be finished in the fall .
The MTO said traffic would be detoured by the OPP via the Highway 19 interchange ramps , adding that Highway 19 would also be fully closed to traffic from Clarke Road to Curry Road in Ingersoll .
READ MORE : Study : London drivers spend average of 18 minutes stuck in traffic
Demolition of the old Highway 19 bridge , built in the mid 1950s , took place earlier this month and prompted an overnight closure that lasted 16 hours .
Australian-based firm Valley Eyewear was forced to apologize on Tuesday after an advertising video it made on the site of the Jasenovac concentration camp in modern-day Croatia caused a storm of criticism . Users have also called for a boycott of the company 's products .
The black and white video , which has since been removed , shows a male and a female model wearing Valley Eyewear sunglasses inside a bleak concrete room and walking around concrete structures , before cutting to a wide shot of the two walking away from Jasenovac 's Flower Memorial .
The recognizable structure , designed by architect Bogdan Bogdanovic , was built in 1966 to honor the memory of the camp victims .
The Jasenovac death camp in Croatia was run by the Ustasha , the fascist regime allied with Nazi Germany during World War II . Camp historians have determined the names of 83,145 killed at the site , including more than 20,000 children . Most of the victims were Serbs , alongside Roma and Jews . Some experts believe the total number of victims to be much higher .
Stop using this symbol of the suffering Serbs , Jews and others in your campaign !
Do yo know what the # Holocaust is ?
@ valleyeyewear pic.twitter.com/MgbvUW1ztj — Crvena ( @ VSreca ) July 2 , 2018
According to screenshots of deleted Valley Eyewear posts , the company said the ad for their `` Black '' line of sunglasses was `` filmed on location in Croatia at one of World War II 's most historic and darkest locations . JASENOVAC . ''
The advertising video was made `` [ i ] n memory of the tens of thousands of people that perished at the site . ''
`` Why not just go to Auschwitz ? , '' asked Twitter user Julian Nyca , who shared the screenshots .
Director of Jasenovac Memorial Ivo Pejakovic told the Serbian newspaper Vecernje Novosti that his organization only learned about the ad through media reports .
`` We do n't have any fences , walls or barriers , and of course you could record inside the site . There are security guards , but they can not know who would use the photos and for which purpose , '' Pejakovic said .
By Tuesday evening , all the posts featuring videos and photos of Jasenovac had been pulled from the Valley Eyewear accounts .
Commenting on the controversy for DW , company 's founder Michael Crawley apologized and said that `` a few images have been taken completely out of context . ''
Crawley said he had traveled around Eastern Europe with his team in an attempt to capture the `` Spomeniks ; '' futuristic former Yugoslavia monuments that include the Jasenovac memorial .
`` I have been in contact with the head of the Jasenovac memorial and one of the heads of the Jewish community in Australia to send our apologies , '' he wrote , adding that the firm had pulled the ads `` since some images have offended people which was NEVER what we had wanted in a million years . ''
This article originally appeared on DW.com . Its content was created separately to USA TODAY .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A lone gunman targeted foreigners in a drive-by shooting spree Saturday in a central Italian town , wounding six people , one of them with life-threatening injuries , before being arrested .
Police said all those wounded were foreigners and they later confirmed the arrest of a suspect identified as a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record . A video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed a man with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center , a short distance from where he apparently fled his car on foot .
Reports named the suspect as Luca Traini , a member of the far-right Northern League party , who had run in local elections last year .
The news agency ANSA reported that Traini had run as a candidate for the anti-migrant Northern League in a local election last year in the city of Corridonia . He did not win .
Both ANSA news agency and newspaper La Repubblica said the suspect was arrested when he performed a fascist salute in front of a monument to fallen soldiers . He was allegedly found to be carrying a gun when he was arrested .
Six people including `` people of color '' have allegedly been injured , four of them seriously , media reported .
Police said in a tweet that `` the wounded persons are of foreign nationality '' .
Mayor Romano Carancini told Sky TG24 that the victims of the two-hour shooting spree were five men and one woman .
The attack comes a day after a Nigerian asylum-seeker was arrested in Macerata over the gruesome killing of an 18-year-old Italian woman , identified as Pamela Mastropietro . The teen 's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases , two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community .
ANSA reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman 's body was found and also near where the suspect lived .
However , no official link has been made between the two incidents .
Carancini confirmed that all of the victims in Saturday 's shootings were black , and acknowledged that `` the closeness of these two events makes you imagine that there is a connection . ''
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini said that six foreigners were wounded in the two-hour shooting spree , one of them with life-threatening injuries .
Police had warned people to stay inside while the shootings were ongoing in the town of 42,000 inhabitants . Authorities ordered public transport halted and that students be kept inside schools , which are open on Saturdays .
In addition to the murder , a heated electoral campaign is ongoing Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme . The head of the anti-migrant Northern League , Matteo Salvini , has capitalized on the killing in campaign appearances , and is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier .
Italians vote in the general election on March 4 .
The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was assassinated at an airport in Kuala Lumpur , telling medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray , a Malaysian official said Tuesday .
Kim Jong-nam , 46 , was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not gone through immigration yet for his flight to Macau , said the senior government official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy .
He was taken to the airport clinic and then died on the way to the hospital , the official said .
Kim Jong-nam ( Yonhap )
Kim Jong-nam was estranged from his younger brother , the North Korean leader . He had been tipped by outsiders to succeed their dictator father , but reportedly fell out of favor when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001 , saying he wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland . He was believed to have been living recently in Macau , Singapore and Malaysia.Multiple South Korean media reports , citing unidentified sources , said Kim Jong-nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents . They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police , the reports said.A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from his travel document as Kim Chol , born in Pyongyang on June 10 , 1970 . “ Investigation is in progress and a post mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death , ” the statement said.Ken Gause , at the CNA think tank in Washington who has studied North Korea 's leadership for 30 years , said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong-nam has traveled under . He is believed to have been born May 10 , 1971 , although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans , Gause said.Mark Tokola , vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the US Embassy in Seoul , said it would be surprising if Kim Jong-nam was not killed on the orders of his brother , given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong-nam in the past. “ It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un , ” Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday . Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong-nam was plotting against the North Korean leader , he provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose his brother.In Washington , the State Department said it was aware of reports of Kim Jong-nam 's death but declined to comment , referring questions to Malaysian authorities.The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch , which foreign experts were analyzing for evidence of advancement in the country 's missile capabilities . For the next several days , North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong-il , the brothers ' father , though they have different mothers . The major holiday this Thursday is called the “ Day of the Shining Star ” and will be feted with figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions , fireworks and mass rallies.Since taking power in late 2011 , Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “ reign of terror. ” The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of his uncle , Jang Song-thaek , once considered the country 's second-most-powerful man , for what the North alleged was treason.Gause said Kim Jong-nam had been forthright that he did not have political ambitions , although he was publicly critical of the North Korean regime and his brother 's legitimacy in the past.Kim Jong-nam had been less outspoken since 2011 , when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot him in Macau , Gause said , though the details of the attempted killing are murky . South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong-nam in China in 2010.Despite the attempts on his life , Kim Jong-nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then , so it was assumed he was no longer under threat . Kim Jong-nam may have become more vulnerable as his defender in the North Korean hierarchy , Kim Kyong Hui _ Kim Jong-un 's aunt and the husband of his executed uncle , Jang Song-thaek _ appears to have fallen from favor or died . She has not been seen in public for more than three years , Gause said.Kim Jong-il had at least three sons with two women , as well as a daughter by a third . Kim Jong-nam was the eldest , followed by Kim Jong-chul , who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015 . It 's unclear what positon he has in the North Korean government . A younger sister , Kim Yo-jong , was named a member of the Workers ' Party of Korea 's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May . She has a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un 's gatekeeper , Gause said.While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within his own family , he could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime . It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of his despair at Kim 's purges.Evans Revere , a former US diplomat and specialist on East Asia , said the killing did not mean the North Korean regime was unstable . He said it showed Kim Jong-un 's brutal control and ability to eliminate opponents or perceived opponents.Victor Cha , a former White House director for Asian affairs , disagreed. “ He sacks the minister of state security last month and now kills the elder brother . Does n't look so stable to me , ” Cha said . ( AP )
It happened on the morning of March 7 , almost two days after the initial attacks in the Theldeniya and Digana areas . The elderly woman I first spoke to said that a Sinhalese woman took many others into her house and sheltered them during the attacks . However , in the aftermath of the violence , the state of normalcy that these communities experienced , and their relations with each other , had been shattered .
The recent violence is yet another devastating reminder of how we are performing as a country . The demons that haunt our “ post-independence ” , “ post-war ” lives have been cast abruptly into daylight . In the midst of rebuilding houses made of bricks , cement , and wood – would we be able to rebuild ‘ homes ' for the many citizens who have lost them , not merely in March 2018 but also before due to different forms of violence and marginalization ? Most of the women we spoke to prayed , “ Something like this should never happen , not to anyone . Never . ”
View the full story created on Adobe Spark here or embedded below .
Editors Note : For related reading , ‘ Compiled Situation Updates : Kandy and related incidents ' , ‘ The politics of organized violence against the Muslim Community
Aanand L Rai to present Sohum Shah 's Tumbbad : ' I want to be involved with genre-redefining films '
Tanu Weds Manu director Aanand L Rai , who had attended the pre-release screening of upcoming horror-mystery thriller Tumbbad , will be presenting the film under his home banner Colour Yellow Productions along with Eros International , as per a report by Mumbai Mirror .
Sohum Shah ( left ) and Aanand L Rai ( right ) . Twitter/ @ s0humshah , @ aanandlrai
He said that even before he left for the US for the shoot of his upcoming project Zero , featuring Shah Rukh Khan as a dwarf , Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , he had watched the Tumbbad and instinctively decided to be associated with it .
Tumbbad , set in colonial India , is a non-liner narrative with fantasy elements and a lush , stylised look . “ We are looking at an October release , ” Rai said , according to the same report .
Noted film critic Taran Adarsh shared the first look of Tumbbad on Twitter :
Eros International and Aanand L Rai join hands for # Tumbbad ... Directed by Rahi Anil Barve ... Produced by Sohum Shah , Aanand L Rai , Mukesh Shah and Amita Shah ... Executive producer : Anand Gandhi ... 12 Oct 2018 release ... Motion poster : pic.twitter.com/dCR5K3FWIR — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) July 4 , 2018
Sohum Shah , the producer and actor in the film , reunited with Ship of Theseus director Anand Gandhi to script the film . Rahi Anil Bharve will debut as a director with Tumbbad , one of the most recognised projects at Hong Kong Filmart held in March 2018 .
Aanand L Rai opined that there is a tendency to bracket anything `` genre-redefining '' coming out of India as a `` festival film '' which needs to change . He further stated that had a film like Newton released five years back , it would have been treated as the same , but it performed well at the box office and to him too , it was a commercial film . `` With Tumbbad , I want to reach a pan-India audience . '' he said adding that his audience was intelligent enough to identify and interpret the world in which the story is set .
Rai also praised Sohum Shah 's talent and courage as a producer `` You need guts to come up with a film like Tumbbad and hats off to him to have stood by it as a producer and an actor . It 's not easy because for a new rulebook , you first need to break certain rules and then work on rewriting them , ” Aanand told Mumbai Mirror
Rai 's Colour Yellow Productions will also be producing , along with Zero , Anurag Kashyap 's Manmarziyan , Happy Phir Bhaag Jayegi , the sequel to Happy Bhaag Jayegi ( 2016 ) as well as the bilingual adventure drama Moothon .
As a director , Rai is intended towards redefining genres , ushering in a change in movies . `` With Tumbbad , it will be a new world of horror and mystery , ” he said as per the above-mentioned report .
Director Rajkumar Hirani , who is now basking in the success of Sanju , Tweeted on 19 May about upcoming fantasy epic thriller Tumbbad
Just saw an early screening of TUMBBAD . I have not seen a more visually stunning film in a long time . Great camera work , art , costumes . And @ s0humshah you are outstanding in the film ! @ LittleTownFilms — Rajkumar Hirani ( @ RajkumarHirani ) May 19 , 2018
“ It is definitely a great motivation for us when a creative powerhouse like Rajkumar Hirani goes out of his way to appreciate and shows his love for something we have been working on for the past six years . I am glad that Raju-sir was able to make it in between his hectic schedule of Sanju . '' Sohum Shah told Indo-Asian News Service in response to Hirani 's tweet as per a report by The Indian Express
Updated Date : Jul 04 , 2018 14:16 PM
The new Macallan Distillery is $ 250 Million of Pure Awesomeness
One of the world 's most prestigious whisky distillers , The Macallan , has just announced the opening of its new state-of-the-art distillery from Scotland , a space-age structure found on the brand 's Easter Elchies estate , where The Macallan has been producing their legendary single malt Scotch whisky for the past 200 years .
The new Macallan distillery is actually just 400m away from the company 's existing distillery . It was designed by the acclaimed London-based architects Rogers Stick Harbour + Partners and it 's powered by 95 % renewable energy , blending traditional whiskey heritage with innovative techniques and vision . It 's the perfect marriage between the company 's past , present , and future , in a unique statement of architecture and whiskey making .
After a six-year construction process and $ 250 million invested in this project , this architectural marvel represents the unique beauty of the brand 's birthplace and teases us with its whiskey-making roots . The new distillery was specially designed to minimize the visual impact on the gorgeous Speyside landscape , but it will surely make a big impact on whisky aficionados .
The distillery might be a contemporary architecture gem , but The Macallan 's single malt will be produced the same way as it has been for a long time , using the same water and raw materials , and old practices , processes and standards that create the unique flavour and character of this famous whisky . That 's just the way we like it , right ?
Pixar 's Coco works its magic for third straight week , stays at top of box office in North America
The Disney-Pixar animated comedy Coco showed serious staying power this weekend in North American theaters , holding top spot for its third week running while taking in an estimated $ 18.3 million , industry website Exhibitor Relations reported . The colorful film tells the story of Miguel ( Anthony Gonzalez ) , a young Mexican who longs to become a musician despite his family 's unrelenting ban on music . He stumbles into the Land of the Dead , where trickster Hector ( Gael Garcia Bernal ) helps him unravel a surprising family secret .
Coco has taken in $ 135.5 million since its release over the long Thanksgiving weekend , and is already the top-grossing film ever in Mexico . It is one of just four films to lead the North American box office for three weekends in a row this year , according to Variety.com .
But that is expected to change with the much-anticipated release next week of Star Wars : The Last Jedi , predicted to net up to a mammoth $ 200 million in its opening weekend .
Second on North American screens this weekend was Warner Bros. 's Justice League , taking in $ 9.6 million , for a four-week total of $ 212 million . Its all-star cast features Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman , Ben Affleck as Batman , Henry Cavill as Superman and Jason Momoa as Aquaman , plus Ciaran Hinds as a supervillain .
Third was Lionsgate 's feel-good film Wonder , which netted $ 8.5 million . The movie , starring Julia Roberts , Owen Wilson and Jacob Tremblay , tells the story of a determined fifth-grade boy with a facial deformity who must deal with rudeness and bullying by schoolmates .
Shooting up to fourth place was The Disaster Artist , distributed by A24 , a comedy-drama directed by James Franco about the making of 2003 cult movie The Room , reputedly one of the worst films ever ( it made a grand total of $ 2,000 when first released ) . Starring Franco , Seth Rogen and Alison Brie , The Disaster Artist took in $ 6.4 million for the weekend .
And in fifth was Thor : Ragnarok , featuring the self-effacing humor of Chris Hemsworth as the powerful Norse god and Cate Blanchett as death goddess Hela . The Disney film netted $ 6.3 million , bumping up its six-week total to $ 301 million .
Rounding out the list were :
1 . Coco , $ 18.3 million ( $ 55.3 million international ) .
2 . Justice League , $ 9.6 million ( $ 15.4 million international ) .
3 . Wonder , $ 8.5 million ( $ 11.4 million international ) .
4 . The Disaster Artist , $ 6.4 million ( $ 1 million ) .
5 . Thor : Ragnarok , $ 6.3 million ( $ 3.1 million international ) .
6 . Daddy 's Home 2 , $ 6 million ( $ 11.6 million international ) .
7 . Murder on the Orient Express , $ 5.1 million ( $ 20.1 million international ) .
8 . The Star , $ 3.7 million .
9 . Lady Bird , $ 3.5 million .
10 . Just Getting Started , $ 3.2 million .
With inputs from agencies
ISLAMABAD , Oct 6 ( APP ) : A special session of a two-day International Sports Press Association ( AIPS ) Congress- 2017 commenced here at a local hotel on Friday with world 's renowned journalists expressing their wish for return of all type of sports activities to Pakistan .
The event has been jointly organized by Pakistan Sports Writers Federation ( PSWF ) and Ministry of Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage .
Around 70 delegates from 33 countries have congregated here to attend the congress to elect new office-bearers of the continental wing of AIPS .
Welcoming the delegates President of PSWF Amjad Aziz Malik said that it was a historic moment in the history of Pakistan that world 's renowned sports journalists had arrived in the country to attend the congress .
“ This moot is a clear depiction of the reality that Pakistan is a
peaceful country . The international teams should prefer to come to Pakistan and participate in sports activities here , ” he said .
He said it was a matter of great privilege and prestige for PSWF that Pakistan was preferred to host the AIPS congress . “ Sports bring people together . I believe this congress meeting will promote bonds of friendship between sports playing nations , ” he added .
Amjdad Aziz Malik thanked Ministry of Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage , particularly Minister for Information Marriyum Aurangzeb for extending full support to hold the congress in a befitting manner . “ The successful holding of the event would send a message of peace and friendship to all over the world and bring Pakistan closer to other nations , ” he added .
Vice President of Hungarian Sports Writers Association , Dr Zsuzsa Csisztu said that Pakistan had suffered a lot due to terrorism and keeping in view the challenges it faced during the past few years on that front , the holding of AIPS congress was a great initiative .
“ Pakistan has been a victim of terrorism . Now international teams should come here , ” she said .
She said Hungary government considered sports a strategic field and expressed the hope that sports events would take place between Pakistan and Hungary in the coming days . She also read out a message of Hungarian President on the occasion , who had expressed well wishes to Pakistan . In the message , Hungarian President also hailed the holding of AIPS congress in Pakistan .
The President of AIPS Gianni Merlo said that the moot would prove a turning point and help sports come closer . He said he felt honoured to come to Pakistan for the congress adding that it was the time to do something for the coming generations . “ The sports journalists have an important role of connecting the people in a proper way.I think we 've begun a new journey , ” he said .
Pakistan 's well-known commentator and former Chief Executive Officer Pakistan Cricket Board Chishty Mujahid on the occasion thanked AIPS ' delegates for visiting Pakistan . He said Pakistani journalists were focusing only on cricket and urged them to also pay attention to other games . “ We 've also been champions in hockey , squash and snooker . In tennis too weâ€™ve started to do well . The sports journalists must also play their role in highlighting these games , ” he said .
He expressed the satisfaction that international sports had started to return Pakistan . “ We 've successfully held World XI cricket series in Lahore , recently . A cricket match also took place in Miranshah , North Waziristan.Â All this shows Pakistan is a peaceful country , ” he said .
He expressed the hope that international sports activities would soon return to Pakistan . He hailed PSWF and Ministry of Information for holding the congress in Pakistan .
Director Sports PTV , Dr Nauman Niaz said sports were a catalyst for change . He said Pakistan sports history was enriched with great achievements . He said the role of sports journalists was imperative as the achievements of sportspersons could not be highlighted without their cooperation .
Meanwhile , in another session of the congress renowned sports commentators , analysts and formers players deliberated on the ways and means as how sports journalists could play important in removing differences and bringing nations together .
Ahmed Khawari Essa , a sport analyst from Malaysia said sports could be an effective tool of unification for communities . He said his country was enjoying good relations with Pakistan in different fields , including sports .
Former Captain Pakistan Football team Col ( R ) Mujahidullah Tareen underlined the need to promote sports at different levels as it would help bring peace in the region and end terrorism .
President of Korean Sports Media Association , Hee Don Jung highlighted importance of sports in human lives stating , “ Sports is human and human is sports. ” He said sports had become a universal language adding that he had visited around 60 countries and never felt any communication issue there due to his association with sports .
Saba , a journalist from Kolkata , India said he belonged to that city where Pakistani players performed better than Indians . He said sports could unite people and was of the view that sports journalists from Pakistan and India should regularly visit each other 's country .
Commentator Tariq Reheem said Pakistan was moving forward in right direction and now instead of talking about terrorism we must talk about promoting sports .
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon 's annual shareholders meeting in Seattle 's funky Fremont neighborhood went off as expected Wednesday , with about 150 people inside and another 75 or so outside protesting .
After the shareholders and staff entered the building around 8:30 am , drag queens outside posed , pilots stood in steely lines , activists carried giant puppet-signs depicting CEO Jeff Bezos as a robot and the Rev . Jesse Jackson spoke to the crowd .
The protests were anticipated to be raucous enough that the Washington State Department of Transportation listed two potential traffic issues in the region in its Wednesday morning tweet — the Amazon demonstrations in Seattle and band Maroon 5 performing in Tacoma .
Multiple , varied groups congregated outside the building where the meeting took place .
The shareholder meeting itself was drama-free . The nine current board members running for reelection all won handily and a shareholder proposal to split the the CEO and board chair jobs failed .
Outside was more carnival-esque than angry . A line up of drag queens posed and strutted in support of No Gay , No Way , a campaign urging Amazon to place its second headquarters only in a state with strong gay rights laws .
Pilots for Amazon Air protesting what they say is a lack of staffing for Amazon 's air cargo system .
Conor Gaughan
Pilots for Amazon Air cargo , who fly Amazon cargo jets for Atlas Air and ABX Air , arrived in a large bus , attired in their uniforms . They were protesting inadequate staffing levels , which they say makes for difficult working conditions .
An activist consumer group called SumOfUs came out in support of a proposal to separate the roles of CEO and chairman of the board at Amazon . Jeff Bezos holds both positions .
More : How to listen to what Amazon 's Alexa has recorded in your home
It hired a plane to fly over the meeting trailing a banner that read , “ Bezos Needs a Boss . ”
It 's not uncommon for one person to hold the position of both CEO and board chair in a company , especially in the case of companies that have grown quickly and in which the founder is still serving in those positions , as is the case with Amazon .
Protesters outside of Amazon 's 2018 shareholder meeting in Seattle , May 30 , 2018 .
Conor Gaughan
However , corporate governance activists have been pushing companies to separate the jobs of board chair and CEO , especially when the CEO owns a large stake in the company as Bezos does .
A board led by an independent chair is presumed to be better able to focus on the mandate of the corporation to serve the needs of all shareholders , including independent ones , and hold the CEO accountable .
Just 26 % of shareholders voted in favor of the resolution .
However SumOfUs calculated that because Amazon counts abstentions as votes and Jeff Bezos owns 16 % of the company 's shares , approximately 40 % of independent shareholders had actually supported the resolution .
“ Amazon 's profits come at the expense of our communities , and that 's because of a lack of accountability up at the top . The lesson is simple : Jeff Bezos should n't be his own boss , ” said Salma Mirza , SumOfUs campaign director .
More : Should Mark Zuckerberg be Facebook 's chairman and CEO ? Some investors say no
Other groups protesting at the shareholders meeting include the Service Employees International Union , climate justice group 350 Seattle , the Socialist Alternative socialist political party and community members angry at the negative impacts they say Amazon has had on their communities also plan to demonstrate .
Jackson attended in support of a proposal that Amazon enacted earlier this month after pressure from members of Congress . It asked the company to commit to a version of the Rooney Rule , which would require it to include women and minorities when it interviews for open board positions . Currently Amazon 's board is made up of seven men and three women , all white .
Air cargo pilots for Amazon Air arrive by bus at Amazon 's 2018 annual shareholders meeting to protest what they describe as understaffing issues .
Conor Gaughan
Amazon had originally opposed the measure but two weeks ago the board shifted course , adopting as policy the inclusion of a diverse slate of candidates for director openings .
Jackson told USA TODAY `` leadership comes from the top down , '' and that he was eager for Amazon to make sure its board was n't all white .
Amazon declined to comment on the protests .
Amazon.com annual meeting attracts protests over HQ2 , Bezos and unions Protesters march with a sign depicting Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos as a mechanical robot as they walk near Amazon.com 's annual meeting of shareholders May 30 , 2018 , in Seattle . Protesters were seeking union representation and better pay for Amazon workers as well as more attention to environmental and other issues from the online retailer . 01 / 07 Protesters march with a sign depicting Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos as a mechanical robot as they walk near Amazon.com 's annual meeting of shareholders May 30 , 2018 , in Seattle . Protesters were seeking union representation and better pay for Amazon workers as well as more attention to environmental and other issues from the online retailer . 01 / 07
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
CLICK HERE FOR MORE PHOTOS FROM EAST BAY RACEWAY PARK !
TAMPA , FL ( February 14 , 2017 ) – Josh Richards took the lead from Davey Johnson on lap five of the 25-lap main event on Tuesday night at East Bay Raceway Park during the 41st Annual Wrisco Industries Winternationals – presented by E3 Spark Plugs . Richards had to fight off fellow West Virginia driver , Tim Dohm for his seventh career win at “ The Clay by the Bay . ”
Richards , in the Best Performance Motorsports , Rocket Chassis , Dargie-powered entry earned the outside front row for the main event after a last-lap pass on Austin Hubbard in a pivotal heat race number three .
Hubbard in the Mid-Coastal Siding , Trinity Logistics , Rocket Chassis came home in third followed by Devin Moran in the Tye Twarog , Rocket Chassis and David Breazeale in the Henderson Motorsports , Moyer Victory Race Car who rounded out the top five .
“ We made a lot of changes from last night , we worked our way back to seventh last night , so tonight was a whole lot better . The pass on Austin [ Hubbard ] on the final lap of that heat race was crucial . Davey [ Johnson ] started off good . We stayed right with him until we were able to get around him . ”
“ Thanks to the team for a great job . That makes it two for four with Randall Edwards and all the other guys . I am grateful for this opportunity to drive this car . Thanks to Peoples National Bank , Valvoline , Corey Frazier-State Farm Insurance , Keyser , Riggs Motorsports , Integra , and Sunoco Race Fuels . ”
“ I did n't know how many wins we could get down here . That 's two already . I really could n't see who was behind me . It felt like the car was leaning over there at the end . The tires might have been burned off I am not sure right now . We are still learning the communications between Randall and myself . It 's always good to win here at East Bay. ” Said the 28-year-old in Lucas Oil Victory Lane .
Dohm – a former winner at East Bay – was happy with his second-place finish . “ To run second behind Josh Richards , it was a good night then . I love East Bay . I was way better tonight than I was last night . I hope the track stays like this all week . When you can hit the brown surface instead of that little sliver of black out there it sure makes for a better race , ” said the driver of the Dohm 's Cycle , Swartz Chassis .
Hubbard 's third-place run continues improvement for the driver who suffered through a tough 2016 season . “ This was another good finish for us . I kept the car straight , and it gets better every night . I am getting back in the groove . We are on the podium , so it 's one step closer to winning . Josh passed me on the last lap of the heat and that prevented me from starting on the front row . He ran a great race so congratulations to him and his team . ”
Completing the top ten were Tyler Erb , Hudson O'Neal , Michael Lake , Ricky Weiss , and Dennis Erb Jr .
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series
Race Summary
Tuesday , February 14th , 2017
Wrisco Industries Winternationals – presented by E3 Spark Plugs
East Bay Raceway Park – Tampa , FL
Miller Welders Fast Time Group A : Davey Johnson / 14.878 seconds
Miller Welders Fast Time Group B : Josh Richards / 14.547 seconds
Eibach Springs Heat Race # 1 Finish ( 10 Laps , Top 4 Transfer ) : Davey Johnson , Michael Lake , Jimmy Owens , Devin Moran , Craig Wolford , Brian Ligon , Bob Gardner , Timothy Culp , Boom Briggs , Billy Moyer , Jr. , Gregg Satterlee , Todd Frank-DNS
FK Rod Ends Heat Race # 2 Finish ( 10 Laps , Top 4 Transfer ) : David Breazeale , Kenny PettyJohn , Dennis Erb , Jr. , Earl Pearson , Jr. , Mason Zeigler , Nick Davis , Tim McCreadie , GR Smith , Dustin Linville , Austin Rettig , Brian Shirley-DNS
Simpson Performance Products Heat Race # 3 Finish ( 10 Laps , Top 4 Transfer ) : Josh Richards , Austin Hubbard , Steve Francis , Tyler Erb , Ricky Weiss , Brandon Sheppard , Brent Larson , Gordy Gundaker , Stephen Breeding , Shan Smith , Nick Kurtz , Kyle Bronson
QA1 Heat Race # 4 Finish ( 10 Laps , Top 4 Transfer ) : Tim Dohm , Hudson O'Neal , Freddie Carpenter , Frank Heckenast , Jr. , Jared Miley , Corey Conley , Doug Drown , John Gardner , Greg Oakes , Pancho Lawler , Chad Hollenbeck
Penske Racing Shocks B-Main # 1 Finish ( 12 Laps , Top 3 Transfer ) : Nick Davis , Tim McCreadie , Bob Gardner , GR Smith , Timothy Culp , Gregg Satterlee , Billy Moyer , Jr. , Mason Zeigler , Boom Briggs , Brian Ligon , Austin Rettig , Craig Wolford , Dustin Linville , Todd Frank-DNS , Brian Shirley-DNS
Fast Shafts B-Main # 2 Finish ( 12 Laps , Top 3 Transfer ) : Ricky Weiss , Brandon Sheppard , Brent Larson , Doug Drown , Gordy Gundaker , Stephen Breeding , John Gardner , Pancho Lawler , Shan Smith , Jared Miley , Corey Conley , Greg Oakes-DNS , Nick Kurtz-DNS , Chad Hollenbeck-DNS , Kyle Bronson-DNS
DirtonDirt.com Strawberry Dash Finish : Gregg Satterlee , Stephen Breeding , Pancho Lawler , Timothy Culp , Billy Moyer , Brian Ligon , Shan Smith , John Gardner-DNS , Austin Rettig-DNS , Jared Miley-DNS
Feature Finish ( 25 Laps ) :
FINISH START CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN EARNINGS 1 2 1R Josh Richards Shinnston , WV $ 5,000 2 4 6T Tim Dohm Cross Lanes , WV $ 3,000 3 6 11 Austin Hubbard Bridgeville , DE $ 2,000 4 13 9 Devin Moran Dresden , OH $ 1,500 5 3 54 David Breazeale Starkville , MS $ 1,000 6 14 91 Tyler Erb New Waverly , TX $ 800 7 8 71 Hudson O'Neal Martinsville , IN $ 750 8 5 27 Michael Lake Uniontown , PA $ 700 9 18 7w Ricky Weiss Headingley , MB $ 650 10 11 28E Dennis Erb , Jr. Carpentersville , IL $ 600 11 15 1 Earl Pearson , Jr. Jacksonville , FL $ 550 12 22 B1 Brent Larson Lake Elmo , MN $ 500 13 21 4G Bob Gardner Washington , IL $ 500 14 23 14c Corey Conley Wellsburg , WV $ 500 15 26 25Z Mason Zeigler Chalk Hill , PA $ 500 16 7 38 Kenny PettyJohn Millsboro , DE $ 500 17 17 92 Nick Davis Millsboro , DE $ 500 18 10 15 Steve Francis Bowling Green , KY $ 500 19 12 k0 Freddie Carpenter Parkersburg , WV $ 500 20 16 99JR Frank Heckenast , Jr. Frankfort , IL $ 500 21 25 22G Greg Oakes Franklinville , NY $ 500 22 24 22 Gregg Satterlee Rochester Mills , PA $ 500 23 1 1J Davey Johnson Greensburg , PA $ 500 24 9 20 Jimmy Owens Newport , TN $ 500 25 19 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown , NY $ 500 26 20 1S Brandon Sheppard New Berlin , IL $ 500
Race Statistics
Entrants : 46
Lap Leaders : Davey Johnson ( Laps 1-5 ) ; Josh Richards ( Laps 6-25 )
Cautions : Hudson O'Neal ( Lap 2 ) ; Brandon Sheppard ( Lap 4 ) ; Davey Johnson ( Lap 8 ) ; Bob Gardner , Kenny PettyJohn , Gregg Satterlee , Greg Oaks , Frank Heckenast Jr. , Steve Francis , Nick Davis , Ricky Weiss ( Lap 8 )
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Provisionals : n/a
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Emergency Provisionals : n/a
Miller Welders Fast Time Provisionals : Greg Oakes , Mason Zeigler
Wrisco Winternationals Provisional : Corey Conley
Strawberry Dash Provisional : Gregg Satterlee
Wrisco Feature Winner : Josh Richards
Optima Batteries Hard Charger of the Race : Brent Larson ( Started : 22nd ; Finished : 12th ; Advanced 10 Positions )
Midwest Sheet Metal Spoiler Challenge Point Leader : n/a
Allstar Performance Power Move of the Race : Ricky Weiss
Sunoco Race for Gas The Highest Finisher : Josh Richards
Hot Rod Processing Rookie of the Race : n/a
COMP Cams Engine Builder of the Race : Cornett Racing Engines
Ohlins Shocks Chassis Builder of the Race : Rocket Chassis
Outerwears Crew Chief of the Race : Randall Edwards ( Josh Richards )
Fastest Lap of the Race : Tim Dohm ( Lap # 10 – 15.1295 seconds )
Safecraft Most Laps Led : Josh Richards ( 20 Laps )
PFC Brakes Pole Award : Davey Johnson
Time of Race : 30 minutes 7 seconds
Lucas Oil Championship Point Standings :
POS CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN POINTS EARNINGS 1 116 Brandon Overton Evans , GA 480 $ 13,700 2 1R Josh Richards Shinnston , WV 450 $ 20,250 3 49 Jonathan Davenport Williamson , SC 410 $ 5,300 3 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown , NY 410 $ 8,350 5 1S Brandon Sheppard New Berlin , IL 375 $ 9,975 6 20 Jimmy Owens Newport , TN 370 $ 6,300 7 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg , TN 355 $ 7,300 8 7m Donald McIntosh Dawsonville , GA 345 $ 2,075 9 91 Tyler Erb New Waverly , TX 335 $ 3,625 9 7 Rick Eckert York , PA 335 $ 2,075 9 14 Darrell Lanigan Union , KY 335 $ 3,200 12 240 Doug Drown Wooster , OH 320 $ 2,500 12 38 Kenny PettyJohn Millsboro , DE 320 $ 2,900 12 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville , IN 320 $ 2,925 15 1 Earl Pearson , Jr. Jacksonville , FL 305 $ 6,500 15 9 Devin Moran Dresden , OH 305 $ 4,800 17 99B Boom Briggs Bear Lake , PA 295 $ 1,600 18 71 Hudson O'Neal Martinsville , IN 275 $ 2,575 19 3s Brian Shirley Chatham , IL 270 $ 3,850 19 28E Dennis Erb , Jr. Carpentersville , IL 270 $ 3,600 19 15 Steve Francis Bowling Green , KY 270 $ 2,000 22 B1 Brent Larson Lake Elmo , MN 265 $ 2,475 23 21JR Billy Moyer , Jr. Batesville , AR 260 $ 2,500 23 7F Jason Fitzgerald Middleburg , FL 260 $ 1,200 25 22 * GR Smith Statesville , NC 255 $ 1,250 26 99JR Frank Heckenast , Jr. Frankfort , IL 245 $ 1,550 27 30K Ryan King Seymour , TN 235 $ 1,100 28 75 Colton Flinner Allison Park , PA 230 $ 700 29 c81 Timothy Culp Prattsville , AR 225 $ 400 30 18J Chase Junghans Manhattan , KS 220 $ 200 30 87 Ross Bailes Clover , SC 220 $ 900
* Points are unofficial until Close of Business on the Tuesday following Race Day *
TORONTO – An overnight fire at an east Toronto school playground has sparked an arson investigation .
Emergency crews were called to Norman Ingram Public School shortly before 2 a.m. for reports of a fire .
Police say a play structure was destroyed by the flames .
They are asking anyone who saw or heard suspicious activity around that time to come forward .
0
With Blade Runner 2049 now in theaters , it 's a film that will have viewers eager to talk about its twists and turns . Director Denis Villeneuve listed out a specific set of requests when it came to avoiding certain character and plot points , and in my review , I adhered to those parameters , although I think dodging the meat of the narrative does it a disservice . If you 're hellbent on avoiding spoilers , do n't read a review that might contain spoilers . Wait until you see the movie , and then read the review .
But now that the movie has been released , it 's time to dive into some of those spoilers . If you have n't seen Blade Runner 2049 , STOP READING NOW . Come back after you see the movie .
Okay , if you 're still reading at this point , that 's on you .
So to recap , at the end of Blade Runner 2049 , K ( Ryan Gosling ) has discovered that he has been caught up in a conspiracy , with one faction of replicants hoping that he 'll track down the child of Rick Deckard ( Harrison Ford ) and Rachel ( Sean Young ) , thus ushering in a new age where replicants are respected on the same level as humanity , and the Wallace corporation , who want to dissect the child and use it as a template to breed a new workforce of replicants . In the end , K , after killing Niander Wallace 's top aide , Luv ( Sylvia Hoeks ) , rescues Deckard and tells him that he should be safe since the Wallace corporation will assume he died in an accident .
The two make their way to the memory-making facility where K has figured out that Dr. Ana Stelline ( Carla Juri ) is Deckard 's daughter . K made this realization after piecing together that his “ memories ” of the horse and fighting off bullies was n't his childhood but Ana 's . Because Deckard obscured the records , because of the blackout in 2022 , and because of her auto-immune condition ( which she may or may not actually have , but could have been an excuse to protect her ) that kept her indoors , Ana has remained safe but also ignorant of her true parentage . K stays outside the facility and dies from his injuries while Deckard goes inside to meet his daughter .
It 's a bittersweet ending , but it comes to a definitive conclusion about its characters . K 's Pinocchio-like journey from replicant to human is defined by his actions , slowly moving away from being a trained killer to hunt down his own kind and instead discovering that there 's something out there worth fighting for . What 's more , the movie provides a worthwhile twist by leading you to believe that K might be Deckard 's son but then having K learn that it was a daughter who was hidden away . This changes the complexion of his story from one of destiny to one where he must actively choose to do the right thing and help Deckard even if it means dying . This also intertwines quite nicely with K 's love story where everything is rooted in sacrifice . K 's love for Joi ( Ana de Armas ) ca n't be fully reconciled until it reaches a point where it might actually lose her .
The ending also provides a powerful resolution to Deckard 's story . We learn that a hunter had become the hunted ( the movie keeps it ambiguous as to whether or not he 's a replicant , but either way , his daughter is a “ miracle ” ) and that he had gone into exile in order to keep Ana safe . Although he had to fake his death to meet his daughter , this meeting at least provides Deckard with some solace and hope , two things he had pretty much given up on .
Some people will look at the ending and see it as a cliffhanger—where do Deckard and Ana go from here ? Will the replicant uprising begin ? How will the Wallace corporation react ? But those kinds of questions feel largely beside the point . The finer details of how the world of Blade Runner 2049 operates tend to be left by the wayside ( how does a replicant kill a police lieutenant in her own office , and no one does an investigation ? ) in favor of themes and tone , and it largely pulls it off . I do n't know where the story goes from here , and to be honest , I 'm not sure if I 'd want a sequel . 2049 feels like such a delicate balancing act in terms of picking up the story from a beloved movie and carrying it forward that another sequel might feel like tempting fate .
Then again , as K 's story shows , fate dictates nothing . The power to choose is the most human thing of all .
Hot weather and barbecue food go hand in hand .
And while National BBQ Week may be encouraging the nation to fire up the grill , sometimes a proper restaurant meal beats the home DIY job .
These are the best places for BBQ food in Leeds
Here are nine must-visit Leeds eateries where you can tuck into a delicious BBQ done right .
Red 's True Barbecue
This dedicated church of true barbecue will sate your hungry soul with its tender smoked meats , loaded barbecue trays and juicy burgers , all coated in mouth-watering glazes and tasty rubs .
Visit : 1 Cloth Hall Street , LS1 2HD / 6A Otley Road , Headingley , LS6 2AA - truebarbecue.com
Stampede
This deliciously meaty menu comprises the highest quality steaks , ribs , burgers and wings cooked on charcoal grills , alongside a tempting selection of hot sandwiches , including philly cheesesteaks and pulled pork .
Visit : St Johns Centre , Albion Street , LS2 8LQ - meattheneed.com
Bulgogi Grill
Specialising in Korean table-top BBQ cooking , Bulgogi allows diners to take charge of the cooking so you can enjoy the variety and meats and seafood just how you like them .
The meats are marinated in speciality Korean seasonings and sauces to seal in plenty of flavour , and are enjoyed wrapped with rice , lettuce and special dips .
Visit : The Arena Quarter , 9 Merrion Way , LS2 8BT - bulgogi-grill.co.uk
Cabana
Tuck in to the likes of flame-grilled skewers , sticky barbecue ribs , pulled chicken and tender streak , complimented by exotic cocktails and the vibrant atmosphere that aims to capture the essence of Brasil .
Visit : Trinity Leeds , 4 Albion Street , LS1 5AT - cabana-brasil.com
Chicago Rib Shack
Committed to serving the best BBQ and ribs this side of the Atlantic , this permanent resident in Trinity Kitchen is a firm favourite among hungry diners , popular for its deliciously smoky meats and spicy sauces .
Visit : Trinity Leeds Mall , Albion Street , LS1 5AT - thechicagoribshack.co.uk
Estabulo Rodizio Bar and Grill
This meaty haven serves up a flavoursome selection of cuts which are skewered and slowly cooked on open flames , and served table-side just to your liking .
A choice of eight cuts of meat are on offer for lunch , or 15 if you visit for dinner , along with unlimited sides , a gourmet salad bar and Brazilian hot buffet , making the perfect barbecue feast .
Visit : 5 St Peter 's Square , LS9 8AQ / The Light , The Headrow , LS1 8TL - estabulo.co.uk
Caracas Grill
Serving a tasty selection of Venezuelan style BBQ food diners have plenty of tempting options to indulge in , from tender beef and marinated chicken , to pork sausages and succulent flat iron steak .
Visit : Britannia House , 16 York Place , LS1 2EU - caracasgrill.com
The Pit
This American-inspired eatery dishes up some of the tastiest home smoked and grilled goodness to satisfy those hunger cravings , with BBQ ribs , rump steak , loaded burgers and marinated chicken just a few of the meaty delights on offer to fuel your hungry soul .
Visit : 9 Merrion Street , LS1 6PQ - arcinspirations.com
Fazenda
Boasting an impressive array of tender meats , including rump , bottom sirloin and beef tenderloin , Fazenda allows diners to enjoy their food served in the traditional gaucho style - simply flip your card green to indicate you 'd like another portion , or switch to red to let staff know that you 're full .
Visit : Waterman 's Place , Unit 4-7 Granary Wharf , LS1 4GL - fazenda.co.uk
Nadal hopes to be all smiles this week in Cincinnati ( Getty Images SportMinas Panagiotakis )
Rafael Nadal will begin his quest for a second career title at the Western and Southern Open against Richard Gasquet . Nadal will take over the world number one ranking at the end of the week due to Federer 's withdrawal from the tournament .
Head-to-Head
Nadal has dominated the head-to-head between the two . The Spaniard has won 14 straight against the Frenchman and has not dropped a set to him since the 2008 Rogers Cup . Nadal 's only loss to Gasquet came during a Challenger event in St. Jean de Luz in 2003 when the Spaniard retired from the match .
Their last meeting came in 2015 at the Swiss Indoors Basel .
Gasquet 's Recent Results
The Frenchman kicked off his tournament in Cincinnati with a 6-4 , 6-4 victory over John-Patrick Smith of Australia . The Frenchman was up two breaks in the first but gave one back . In the second , he was down a break before breaking the Aussie twice to advance to the second round .
Gasquet performed well on the grass to kick off his summer , making two semifinals in Halle and Nottingham respectively . However , his Wimbledon did n't go as planned , losing to David Ferrer in a highly competitive affair .
In Montreal , he needed three sets to eliminate Brayden Schnur . In his next match against Alexander Zverev , he staved off match points against the German and even held match points of his own before succumbing to the 20-year-old in the tiebreak .
Gasquet hitting a forehand in Montreal ( Getty Images Sport Minas Panagiotakis )
Nadal 's Recent Results
For Nadal , it 's been a memorable summer nonetheless , starting it off with La Decíma , his tenth French Open title . He went to Wimbledon without having played any warm-up events and looked good in the opening three rounds before losing to big-serving Gilles Muller in a five-set thriller .
At the Coupe Rogers , Nadal needed to make the semifinal to become world number one and his draw really opened up with the likes of Milos Raonic and David Goffin going out early to Adrian Mannarino and Hyeon Chung respectively .
After defeating Borna Coric , he met 18-year-old Denis Shapovalov fresh off of saving match points against Rogerio Dutra Silva and beating Juan Martin del Potro . Despite a strong opening set from the Spaniard , the young Canadian did not back down and took the opening set . Both men had break chances in the decisive set , but it was Shapovalov who won the match in the third set tiebreak .
Nadal shakes hands with Denis Shapovalov after their match at the Coupe Rogers in Montreal ( Getty Images Sport Minas Panagiotakis )
Analysis
Nadal does n't just own the head-to-head against Gasquet , he also out does him in many of the major categories such as serve , forehand , net play , movement , fitness , and intangibles . The only category where they 're close to even is his backhand as Gasquet 's backhand is one of the top backhands on tour .
In this match , you 're going to see a lot of the same patterns with Nadal hitting cross-court to the Gasquet backhand to try and force a mistake out of the Frenchman . If you do n't see that , you 'll see the Spaniard making the Frenchman hit plenty of forehands or doing more of the running on the court .
Prediction : Nadal in straight sets
September 11 , 1925 - January 31 , 2018
Leewood L. Hebert , 92 , a resident of Houma , passed away Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 , at Terrebonne General Medical Center .
Leewood was born Sept. 11 , 1925 , in Ville Platte , the son of Paul and Clarissa Deshotel Hebert .
He will be sadly missed and lovingly remembered by two children , Juanita Hebert Guidry and husband Darrell of Houma , and Jerry Hebert and companion Judy Hebert of Mamou ; nine grandchildren ; 28 great-grandchildren ; three step-great-grandchildren ; and 11 great-great-grandchildren .
Leewood was preceded in death by his parents , Paul and Clarissa Deshotel Hebert ; his wife , Helen Ortego Hebert ; one son , Melvin Hebert ; three brothers ; and three sisters .
Funeral services will be held at noon on Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 , at Twin City Funeral Home with a visitation being held from 10 a.m. until service time . Following services , Leewood will be laid to rest in the Morgan City Cemetery .
Singer Rhiannon Giddens will have a recurring role in the new season of Nashville . ( Michael Reimers/Future-Image / Tribune News Service )
NASHVILLE—The new season of Nashville starts with traditional songs rooted in gospel and folk music rather than big production country songs . Rayna , played by Connie Britton , finds a revelation after hearing a blind man singing “ Wayfaring Stranger , ” an Appalachian tune estimated to be two centuries old . And Juliette , played by Hayden Panettiere , sees an angelic vision in white singing the hymn “ God Shall Wipe All Tears Away. ” Cancelled by ABC after four seasons , the new season of Nashville begins Thursday at 9 p.m. , on CMT in the U.S. and W in Canada , and it aims to reflect more diversity in both the music and the cast . In recurring roles this season : Grammy-winning banjo player and singer Rhiannon Giddens and writer-actress-producer Jen Richards , the first out transgender actor on a CMT series . “ I have spent so much of my life studying and playing music that has gone into country music : the banjo , the fiddle , the string band tunes , ” said Giddens , the lead singer of the African-American string band Carolina Chocolate Drops .
Article Continued Below
Fans of contemporary country music may recognize Giddens , who sings the hymn in the first episode , from her duet with Eric Church on the Country Music Association Awards show in November . “ It is time for the real history of country music to have more of a highlight , for people to know that there were lots of black people who played the banjo , that the string band itself came from plantation culture , ” said Giddens . The changes behind the scenes include new showrunners Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick , who created the show Thirtysomething and were executive producers on My So-Called Life .
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as he delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
1 /15 Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Kareena Kapoor Khan Image : Instagram.com/bbhiral Anushka Sharma Image : Instagram.com Disha Patani Image : Instagram.com/dishapatani Esha Gupta Image : Instagram.com Jacqueline Fernandez Image : Instagram.com/jacquelinef143 Kriti Sanon Image : Instagram.com/aasifahmedofficial Shraddha Kapoor Image : Instagram.com/amitthakur_hair Kriti Sanon Image : Instagram.com/aasifahmedofficial Sonam Kapoor Image : Instagram.com/shaleenanathani Shraddha Kapoor Image : Instagram.com/amitthakur_hair Alia Bhatt Image : Instagram.com Deepika Padukone Image : Instagram.com/shaleenanathani Karisma Kapoor Image : Instagram.com/therealkarismakapoor Kangana Ranaut Image : Instagram.com/danielbauermakeupandhair
As we fly past the last month of 2017 , we 're taking a moment to look back on a year filled with great hairstyles brought our way by Bollywood celebrities . Gone are those days when basic blowouts and poker-straight manes were the be-all and end-all of celebrity hairstyles . This year , the stars amped up their game with fun , experimental hairdos , from Alia Bhatt and Karisma Kapoor 's pinned styles , Kriti Sanon ‘ s waterfall braid and Shraddha Kapoor 's messy updo . We 're talking 13 celebrities , 15 best hairstyles , over 12 months of 2017 . Here 's our edit of the best hairstyles to carry into the New Year .
Best hairstyles of 2017 : Braids
Braids are arguably the most fun hairstyles to work with . The possibilities are endless and it 's a hairstyle that usually stays intact for longer than a blow-dry or a wavy do , making it a big plus if you 're planning your hair for a long event . Plus , the fact that you can work a whole new look with the wavy post-braid hair the next day is a bonus . This year , Anushka Sharma , Jacqueline Fernandez , Kriti Sanon and Shraddha Kapoor worked some of the best braided hairstyles . Sharma stepped up her hairstyle game with multiple tight cornrow braids all tied into a ponytail , Fernandez and Kapoor opted for simpler but impactful cornrows and ponytails , and Sanon gave the waterfall braid a shot .
Best hairstyles of 2017 : Pinwork
Move over your basic butterfly clips and get with cool pinwork . While this may be a little challenging to create by yourself , there 's so much more you can do with pins than use them to tuck away flyaways . When it comes to hairstyles with pinwork this year , Alia Bhatt and Karisma Kapoor stepped out in looks we 'd love to replicate . While Bhatt 's hair looked smooth on the front , the back was a party of its own with crisscross pins placed strategically across her hair from ear to ear . Kapoor , on the other hand , went for a messy , texturised hairstyle with pins moving downwards from the nape of her neck .
Best hairstyles of 2017 : Buns
Knots and buns are classic hairstyles that look good on most and are perfect for formal occasions . This year , smoother , sleeker buns seemed to be the norm . Kareena Kapoor Khan , Esha Gupta and Sonam Kapoor took to chic updos that made it to our best hairstyles list . While Kapoor Khan adorned hers with pearl pins and Gupta coupled hers with soft bangs , Kapoor had her hair pulled back from the front with her bun placed at ear level—not very structured but neat nonetheless .
Best hairstyles of 2017 : Messy dos
Even though neat hairstyles look very well put together , there 's something about an effortless-looking messy hairstyle—they have their own kind of charm . In fact , making messy look good is a skill in itself . Deepika Padukone , Disha Patani , Shraddha Kapoor and Kangana Ranaut chose hairstyles this year that looked effortless , yet put together . Padukone tied hers in a side-parted , messy ponytail , Patani 's was twisted up and pinned , with her front layers framing her face , as was Kapoor 's with the rest of her hair tied into a bun at the back . While Ranaut smoothened the first half of her lob for a wet look , her combed-through curls bunched up at the bottom . A special mention here goes out to Aishwarya Rai Bachchan : her texturised open waves at Cannes had all heads turning .
Best hairstyles of 2017 : Ponytails
While experimentation with ponytails can be hard and most people wear the hairstyle in a loose low one or a tight high one , Kriti Sanon stepped away from the basics—she created three different twisted ponytails from the top of her head to the bottom and intertwined each of them for a fresh update on the hairstyle .
Flip through the gallery above for a look at the 15 best hairstyles worn by Bollywood celebrities in 2017 .
Stress wore on the faces and in the voices of USC team members this week as they approached the midway point of the season .
Clay Helton pronounced with a rare edge Tuesday that , “ There are a lot of things to correct . I 'm not gon na BS you. ” That is about as as profane as USC 's mild-mannered coach gets publicly .
Offensive coordinator Tee Martin mounted a vigorous , and sometimes exasperated , defense of his offense and his play calling . `` Newsflash , ” he said at one point this week . “ We lost a lot of really good players that have gone off to the NFL right now . ”
Multiple players cried in the locker room last Friday after a loss to Washington State , USC 's first loss in more than a year .
USC ( 4-1 , 2-1 in the Pac-12 Conference ) has responded to that loss differently than even a year ago , when the Trojans began 1-3 . Partially , the expectations USC carries — it began the season a playoff favorite , the Pac-12 frontrunner and in the top five — have added tension . Helton has no easy maneuver that can cure all of USC 's problems , as he had last season in quarterback Sam Darnold . And , USC 's lack of a bye week has left the team battered by injury and dizzied by a month with no time to take a breath .
The first five games whooshed by with little time for reflection . USC escaped with precarious victories in each of its first four games before losing at Washington State .
The Trojans never had an easy game . Most troubling , they never showed consistent signs of progress on offense .
Saturday 's game against Oregon State should provide an opportunity for both . Oregon State ( 1-4 , 0-2 ) has been outscored by an average of 25.2 points a game this season . The Beavers ' only win was by three points over Portland State , an FCS team .
Saturday probably will be about signs of improvement .
Helton was asked Tuesday if his offense had regressed . He danced around the question . He said the team had taken strides from a year ago and said he wanted to see similar progress from September to October .
Asked again Thursday if he 'd seen improvements , he got more specific .
“ I thought defensively that we 've improved , especially with our younger kids , ” Helton said. “ Special teams have probably been the biggest bump up . ”
But for the offense , he said , “ You go through the first month , 35 points of offense and [ 459 ] as far as offensive yardage , most teams would be like , 'Oh yeah , that 's awesome , ' ” Helton said . “ For us , we have extremely high standards . ”
The trend has been downward . USC began with 521 yards against Western Michigan , then zoomed to 623 against Stanford . Since , USC has steadily slid until it managed only 327 against Washington State .
USC has sustained a rash of injuries — fully half of the starting lineup has missed time in addition to several important reserves — but USC 's execution has diminished , too .
Martin defended his offensive scheming this week .
“ There has not been one game plan that I have n't liked , ” Martin said , before reconsidering with a laugh . “ Probably Alabama [ last season ] , those guys . ”
USC has also struggled to put away teams early . None of the Trojans ' wins were comfortable .
Linebacker Cameron Smith said USC had to `` take bigger steps throughout the rest of the season , ” but did not agree that USC had been living dangerously with close wins .
`` I would n't say 'dangerously ' is a word you say when you win a game , ” Smith said . “ There are times when we would obviously like to have games that were n't going into overtime and close ones . ”
The loss wore on USC perhaps as much as the three losses combined did a year ago . Helton said the 45-minute bus ride from Pullman to the airport in Lewiston , Idaho , on Friday evening was dead silent . There was not a single word , he said .
By Tuesday 's practice , some frustration remained . `` I wish we played tomorrow to be honest with you , ” Helton said afterward .
But Helton and USC have resisted drastic change . Helton reversed USC 's fortunes last season by remaining steady and calm , and USC 's players responded .
`` We 're not gon na freak out , ” Smith said . “ It 's not something where we 're gon na change what we 've been doing for the last year . So it 's something that us as leaders need to step up and show the younger guys how we react after a loss . And we 're all [ angry ] , and we 're not OK with it at all . We did n't come here to lose games . ''
Players said they looked forward to having a target for their irritation .
`` I 'm sure everybody 's gon na be mad , ” safety Chris Hawkins said . “ So we play Oregon State . They 're probably not going to be happy to play us after this one . ''
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . In his second season with the Dodgers , Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music . CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks . Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks . CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium . Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season . The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium . Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season . CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs . Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs .
zach.helfand @ latimes.com
Follow Zach Helfand on Twitter @ zhelfand
Harrogate residents are being asked whether they would rather see an increase to their council tax or a cut to the budget of the local police force .
The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire , Julia Mulligan , sets the amount that residents across the county pay for policing annually .
But Ms Mulligan has warned that this year , unless the precept is increased , the county 's police force will face a £4.3million budget black hole .
She said : `` Despite many challenges , I am pleased to say that that North Yorkshire remained the safest place to live and work in England throughout 2017 . Meanwhile , policing is continuing to evolve in North Yorkshire as it responds to the changing nature of crime and demands , including a greater focus on protecting and caring for vulnerable people .
“ This coupled with reductions in funding from central government and our increasing costs , mean we will still need to save £3 million for the year . This would rise to £4.3 million if the precept was frozen . ”
Ms Mulligan has asked the public to take part in a survey to choose one of three options :
· Freeze the precept – continue to pay the amount as it stands now
· Increase the precept by 1.99 per cent . This would increase the amount by £4.40 per year ( 8p per week ) for a Band D property .
· Increase the precept by more than 1.99 per cent . This would raise more money but would mean spending at least £700,000 on a referendum on the proposals .
The survey is available online and paper copies will be on display at public buildings across North Yorkshire , such as police stations , libraries and council offices .
Currently about 53 per cent of North Yorkshire Police funding comes from the Government while the remaining 47 per cent is raised locally , mainly through the ‘ police precept ' .
The survey is available to complete until the end of January .
Yes , improbably , Toronto leads this first-round playoff tilt two games to one , against the best team in the NHL .
Kadri to Bozak at the side of the crease and — PANDEMONIUM — the Maple Leafs dusted off Washington in a ventricle-thumping 4-3 finish , just one-minute-and-thirty-seven seconds into OT .
As a tag-team tandem , pumping the oomph back into a game that had threatened to go off the rails way too soon .
Back to the near-beginning , where this encounter started to change its tenor : The hardest-nosed Leaf and the biggest-mouth Leaf , Komarov and Kadri , almost unilaterally turning Game 3 into Bedlam on Bay .
Set the fearless standard . And that 's something to be going on with as the sense of this series not-so-subtly shifts .
Perhaps the home-side twitchiness to start was to be expected , on the ice and in the stands , since last the Leafs were this playoff way at the Air Canada Centre was May 12 , 2013 .
Giddiness verged on hysteria verged on hushed disbelief as Washington jumped into an early 2-0 lead ; first period had hardly got its feet wet , Leafs tangled and hemmed in their own end , rarely penetrating the O-zone , and Frederik Andersen not sharp .
Heck , Morgan Rielly — most steadfast of the blue line crew in this first round tilt — and reunited with upper-body-recovered partner Nikita Zaitsev , was so over-amped in his first playoff appearance at the ACC , parents just in from B.C . to behold , he neutralized an out-of-the-chute Toronto man advantage by drawing an embellishing infraction on the holding infraction .
So Rielly was , spectatin ' from the box , during the 4-on-4 episode which resulted in Nicklas Backstrom opening the scoring .
Scarcely two minutes later , that No . 88 fellow provided Washington with their first two-goal lead of the series . The crowd , inside and outside , went Zombie numb .
Which was where K & K took shook out the stiffs on a shift from Planet Frenzy .
Kadri KAPOWED Brooks Orpik , twice . His brother-in-BOOM just crushed that No . 88 fellow at the other end of the ice .
“ It was a tough start obviously — two shots , two goals , ” Komarov frowned in the dressing room later .
“ Then Nazzi had that big hit on Orpik . That 's how we 're trying to play . Some nights you get a big hit and the game change . ”
A shift-change .
“ It 's inspiring , ” Kadri burbled , meaning not their two-fer bang-bang but how teammates responded .
That was the first surge of energy the Leafs had shown and it reverberated throughout the line-up , almost connect-the-dots leading , next shift , to Auston Matthews 's first playoff goal , first playoff point in fact , tapping in his own pinball rebound : Puck , on a heads-up breakout that began with Rielly , went from ( or through ) off the face of Schmidt , back to Matthews , who semi-whiffed on a shot stopped by Braden Holtby — you know , the reigning Vezina Trophy winner — but the puck trickled back almost coyly to Super-Rook Super-Rook and he stuffed it .
Cuckoo at the ACC , as Matthews went for a knee-skidding celebration .
“ I love seeing that , I love seeing my teammates do well , ” said Kadri . “ It was obviously a huge goal for us at the time . I just felt that , prior to that , there was n't much out there . Not really much space , you 've got to fight and grind for every inch you get . I just felt the need to take a couple of opportunities and make a couple of clean hits . ”
Bone-janglers .
“ It was a huge turning point , huge shift from Nazzi , ” said an appreciative Rielly afterwards . “ And it was n't just one shit from him tonight . He was outstanding all night . But when he goes out there and creates that energy , it can turn a game around .
“ We love it when he 's playing like that . ”
Capitals , still looking rather taken aback by the nerve of this upstart opponent , these high-spirited kidlets who just keep coming , got a giftie of sorts when a safe-as-houses 3-on-3 entry into the Leaf zone turned into an erratic rebound and ridiculous angle 3-1 goal by Evgeny Kuznetsov .
A young team , as these Leafs are , perhaps overwhelmed in front of a crowd utterly adoring , might have been expected to unravel . But these Leafs , circa 2016-17 , do n't fray so easily .
Toronto 's rookie-studded lines kept forcing turnovers , rendering Washington dizzy with their speed , while Kadri and Komorov continued to lay on the ornery , all snarl and smoking nostrils .
Somehow the Leafs survived two minutes of 5-on-3 deficiency , when Matt Martin was fingered on a double-roughing in the middle frame , then further endured without disaster a too-many-men-on-the-ice shemozzle .
Nothing came of it , beyond a jaw-dropping gambit by Holtby streaking out maybe 35-40 feet from his net to sweep poke-check the puck away from Mitch Marner breaking in alone .
Kadri and Komarov , combo-simpatico , then drew blood on the scoreboard rather than rattling bodies on the ice .
Kid Connor Brown , actually , doing the dirty dancing in the slot with Orpik — who really did have a night from hell — and effectively screening Holtby as Komarov got the puck to Kadri between the hash-marks . His tee-shot deflected off Orpik 's skate , pinging behind Holtby , and the Leafs were within one again .
Yet another freshman , the ever-industrious Zach Hyman — forecheck disruption the name of his game — was doing just that in the dying minute of the period , creating havoc behind the Washington goal , spadework that ended up with the puck on Matthews stick out front , Holtby save , before William Nylander calmly popped it into a gaping net , first career playoff goal .
Toronto had racked up seven shots on goal in the third before the Caps got even one but it was a grind from there on , Andersen saved by the grace of his bang-bang goalposts on Kuznetsov 's bazooka with four minutes left in regulation .
Lars Eller laying a high stick on Hyman brought Toronto out for the OT with 1:45 on the power play clock . Twice the Leafs were swept back trying to get over the blue line before Kadri , from the half-boards , found Bozak for the re-direct .
This was not risk-adverse hockey . Which is why it 's been thrilling hockey through three .
Playoff hockey between two gallant teams that ca n't be contained to 60 minutes .
Wish it could go on and on and on and…
An appeal has been launched to trace the recipient of war medals found in Hartlepool .
Four medals were discovered by town resident Keith Gorse , 59 , in the Whitby Street area of the town just over a year ago .
The medals found by Keith Gorse .
Despite attempts to get in touch with the owner , whose name is believed to be stamped on the medals , Mr Gorse has been unable to .
At least two of the medals appear to have been awarded following conflicts in Afghanistan .
Mr Gorse is hoping their owner will come forward to claim them .
He said : “ I found the medals just over a year ago and have been trying to reunite them with their owner since then .
It would be really nice to get them back to their rightful home Keith Gorse
“ I 've looked in the phonebook and Facebook and have been unable to find the owner .
“ It would be really nice to get them back to their rightful home . ”
One of the medals includes the phrase ‘ Operation Enduring Freedom ' , which was a US-led term to describe the war on terrorism between 2001 and 2014 , and was mainly referred to in relation to military operations in Afghanistan .
Another included the words ‘ Persistent Ground Surveillance System ' .
A medal found by Keith Gorse .
Mr Gorse is hoping that , because some time has passed since the medals were found , their owner may be eager to get them back .
He added : “ I do n't know whether the medals may have been lost accidentally , or intentionally thrown away .
“ Either way , over a year has passed now and they may want them back .
“ I just want to give them that option .
A medal found by Keith Gorse .
“ If they were thrown away , the owner may now regret it .
“ The medals were earned by someone fighting for our country and I 'd hate to think someone is unsure where they are .
“ I 've been trying to research the medals and they all seem quite recent , and are in great condition . ”
If you believe you are the owner of the medals , or are able to reunite them with their owner , please contact the Mail on 01429 865475 .
When Canadian troops are deployed to Mali this summer , they 'll likely be going without any sort of defence against the growing threat of weaponized commercial drones .
In conflicts around the world , insurgents and rebels are using inexpensive unmanned aerial devices to drop bombs .
READ MORE : Drone wars : Is Canada 's military prepared for weaponized drones ?
The federal defence minister attended a tradeshow for defence and security contractors in Ottawa on Wednesday .
Harjit Sajjan was asked what 's being done to protect Canada 's soldiers in the upcoming United Nations mission in Mali . He would only say anti-drone systems are still in the research and development phase .
“ Whether it 's looking at dealing with threats that you mentioned or looking at the cyber threats that we face around the world , we 're going to make sure we have the tools in place , ” the minister said .
WATCH : Drone wars : How ‘ off-the-shelf ' drones are changing the way wars are fought
The CANSEC show includes several anti-drone systems .
The ANCILE system is manufactured by Allen Vanguard , a company based in Ottawa and the U.K .
Once engaged , it repels drones that come within a certain distance .
“ Some of them might just hover , some of them might return to base , some might hit the ground , ” Allen Vanguard 's Bobby Shawbridge said . “ As long as it does n't do what it was supposed to do , we 've won . ”
According to experts , the threat of drone attack is increasing as technology increases and prices drop .
Groups like ISIS use commercially available drones for surveillance , and for producing propaganda videos . However , with some basic modifications , they can be used to carry explosive payloads .
WATCH : Canadian soldiers not equipped for drone warfare threat
As the technology is used in one conflict , Strawbridge said it spreads to others .
“ The enemy says , ‘ Well , I used it in Mogadishu , ' and the guy in Mali says , ‘ Well , I 'll deploy it there , ' ” he explained .
Drones are also being used as decoys in some conflicts .
Yemeni rebels have sent drones into Saudi airspace to draw fire from anti-missile defences . Shooting a $ 1,000 drone out of the sky with a Patriot missile can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars . It also opens a window of opportunity , according to Mike Gordon of Keysight Technologies .
“ They 'll fly their stuff in after , ” he said . “ They use the drones as a kind of front-line , and they can shoot something else in while it 's reloading . ”
WATCH : How drone jamming disrupts satellite signals drones use to navigate
The Canadian government may not be providing anti-UAV protection , but there may be systems brought into Mali by the United Nations .
“ They 're not using it right now , but they 're looking at it , ” Gordon said . “ I know the company that 's doing it . I ca n't really discuss that . ”
If it happens , it 's happening late , says Shawbridge .
“ The research and development cycle for the enemy is a lot shorter than the research and development for major militaries . So you have to get ahead of the thread . We should be deploying prepared for that threat already . ”
Favourites India faces a resurgent Bangladesh in the second semi-final of the ongoing Champions Trophy 2017 in Edgbaston on Thursday . Despite India 's superior strength on paper , Bangladesh could prove to be a formidable opponent for the 'Men in Blue ' after their resounding win over New Zealand , and the general unpredictability of the tournament .
The story of the India-Bangladesh cricket rivalry can be described in their encounters in ICC tournaments . It all started with Bangladesh 's stunning five-wicket win over India in the 2007 World Cup , which resulted in the latter getting knocked out of the competition in just the first round .
India though , pulled back with comfortable wins in the World T20 in 2009 and 2014 , as well as in the 2011 World Cup . It was in the 2015 World Cup , hosted Down Under , where the rivalry further intensified , after the 'Tigers ' were left seething over what they thought was the key wicket of Rohit Sharma denied to them , with the umpire calling it a no-ball . India though , went on to win the game by 109 runs .
The 2016 edition of the World T20 saw the two sides clashing in the group stage in Bengaluru . Bangladesh nearly pulled off the chase of the 147-run target brilliantly , needing two off the last three balls with four wickets in hand , before the 'Tigers ' choked to a 1-run defeat .
That loss has been described by many in the Bangladesh cricket fraternity as 'heart-breaking ' , and even though captain Mashrafe Mortaza played down any talk of them walking into their first-ever Champions Trophy clash against India with a sense of grudge in their minds , memories of that game will surely be at the back of Bangladeshi minds , and will help bring their ' A ' game out on Thursday .
India 's domination of their last group game , in which they thrashed South Africa by eight wickets in an utterly one-sided match , highlighted their all-round excellence . The leader of the 'Men in Blue ' , Virat Kohli , returned to prime form with an unbeaten 76 , and thus dispelling his critics who seemed to have found their voice again after his five-ball duck against Sri Lanka . Shikhar Dhawan continues to make the ongoing tournament his , moving to the top of the run-chart with a well-made 78 .
With Kohli announcing an unchanged team for the second semi-final a day before the clash , Ravichandran Ashwin retains his place in the side after an economical outing against the Proteas — his first match of the eighth edition of the 'Mini World Cup ' . Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah produced excellent displays in the same game , tying the top-order batsmen up with an attacking line while returning in the closing stages of the innings to wipe the remainder of the South African batting lineup .
Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmudullah produced Bangladesh 's biggest , and one of their most memorable partnership across formats when they added 224 for the fifth wicket during their stunning five-wicket win over New Zealand , which helped keep them alive in the tournament before England 's win over Australia sealed their place in the semis . The stand , in which Mahmudullah produced yet another scintillating performance with the bat in an ICC event , embodied the Bangladeshi spirit that has been a highlight of their rise in recent times in the sport .
Not many changes are expected in the Bangladeshi XI either . Despite a top-order failure in their last game against New Zealand , the 'Tigers ' are likely to stick to the opening combination of Tamim Iqbal and Soumya Sarkar , with the former eyeing to make up for duck in the last outing after a fantastic start in the tournament . Pace sensation Mustafizur Rahman has had a lean patch in the tournament so far , and returning to his prime on a stage as big as this will only be ideal for him .
Stat attack :
Indian bowlers ' economy rate of 4.33 in the first 10 overs in the league stage was the best among all the teams in this tournament .
Yuvraj Singh 's batting average of 46.14 in ICC ODI tournaments ' knockout matches is better than his ODI career average of 36.84 .
Rohit Sharma 's batting average against Mustafizur Rahman in ODIs is 12.67 . Mustafizur Rahman has dismissed him three times in ODIs .
Mashrafe Mortaza has taken 20 wickets in India-Bangladesh ODIs which is the most by any player .
Squads :
India : Virat Kohli ( c ) , Shikhar Dhawan , Rohit Sharma , Yuvraj Singh , MS Dhoni ( wk ) , Kedar Jadhav , Hardik Pandya , Ravindra Jadeja , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Jasprit Bumrah , Umesh Yadav , Ajinkya Rahane , Ravichandran Ashwin , Dinesh Karthik , Mohammed Shami .
Bangladesh : Mashrafe Mortaza ( c ) , Tamim Iqbal , Imrul Kayes , Soumya Sarkar , Sabbir Rahman , Mahmudullah Riyadh , Shakib Al Hasan , Mushfiqur Rahim ( wk ) , Rubel Hossain , Mustafizur Rahman , Taskin Ahmed , Mehedi Hossain Miraz , Mossadek Hossain , Sunzamul Islam , Shafiul Islam .
Time : 15:00 hrs IST ; 09:30 GMT .
With statistical inputs from Umang Pabari
You can catch Firstpost 's live blog of ICC Champions Trophy 2017 second semi-final between India and Bangladesh for live scores and other updates .
For the latest updates from ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Click Here
Rafa Benitez admitted it wo n't be easy to find the players to strengthen his Newcastle United side for a tough second half of the season .
Benitez 's side were yesterday beaten 1-0 by Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park to drop down to second in the Championship ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup tie against Birmingham City .
Already without the suspended Jonjo Shelvey for two more games , Benitez has lost Mohamed Diame , Christian Atsu and Chancel Mbemba to the African Cup of Nations .
Benitez – who is interested in taking Chelsea 's Ruben Loftus-Cheek on loan – is looking for midfield reinforcements .
Asked if the club had made any early progress in this month 's transfer window , Benitez said : “ Not yet . We are trying to find the right players . January is not an easy transfer window . Hopefully , we can do something .
“ They have to be players to give us some balance or be better than what we have at the moment .
“ Playing like this , I think we can win games even without these players . ”
Benitez , however , feels the transfer market will prove challenging given the sums of money Premier League clubs are able to spend .
“ Now it is to keep working and try to find the players , ” said Benitez . “ It 's not easy . The market is quite strange . There have been a lot of changes . We have to try to find these players that will give us something different . ”
United were beaten by a second-half goal from Blackburn 's Charlie Mulgrew , who also scored the only goal of the game in November 's meeting between the two sides at St James 's Park .
Newcastle were dominant for much of the game and had two goals disallowed while Rovers goalkeeper Jason Steele was named man of the match for a series of saves .
“ I did n't know the stats in the first half ... the chances , corners , possession were all in our favour , ” said Benitez .
“ It 's difficult to explain . What we have to do is keep doing the same things in the second half .
“ We started the second half with two goals disallowed . We had the same idea , the same control . We lost , maybe , control of the game for five minutes .
“ It 's difficult to explain however you can lose , not even draw , this game . ”
Crystal Palace defender Mamadou Sakho has sustained a muscle tear in his calf and is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines , the Premier League club 's manager Roy Hodgson has said .
Sakho , who returned from a serious knee injury in September , has captained Palace in their last four league games and suffered his latest setback in last Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth .
“ He 'll be out a long time , how long a time ? , I do n't know , they wo n't put a time on it , but it 's a serious muscle tear in his calf so I do n't know , but it 's weeks not days , I could n't say if it was months , ” Hodgson told reporters on Monday .
“ We 'll miss him , in this period he 's played a decisive role , been captain , shown his qualities and when you lose a player like that you ca n't be anything other than disappointed and sad . ”
Fellow defender Joel Ward has also sustained a calf injury and will miss bottom-placed Palace 's game against Watford later on Tuesday .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coming through the ranks of his hometown club , Hull City , Watson not only had the confidence in himself to become a professional goalkeeper at a high level , but had the support from his family to help guide him to get to where he needed to be .
Now after signing a three-and-a-half-year deal with Scunthorpe exactly one year to the day , and currently the first-team goalkeeper with Matt Gilks sidelined with a calf injury , Watson hopes he can prove to his parents , and to himself , that they did the right thing in supporting his dream of becoming a professional goalkeeper .
“ My Mum comes to watch every game , and my Dad comes whenever he is n't at work , it means a lot to have them see my play at this level , they 've been there for me since I was nine years old going through the academy system at Hull , ” he told the Telegraph .
“ They had driven me everywhere and used a lot of petrol money on me !
“ I just want to make them proud and prove to them , and myself , that it was all worth it . And now when they come to see me play for Scunthorpe United in League One , it is proof that it was all worth it , and the start to a long career . ”
After Gilks picked up his injury , Watson got his opportunity to make his first league start , which would come at Fratton Park , when the Iron drew 1-1 with Portsmouth .
Watson performed well in the game , as he did not have much chance with the goal , but dealt with everything else comfortably well and certainly did not look out of place – especially when his last league game came in the National League .
When speaking on the events of that day , the 21-year-old told the Telegraph how he felt when he walked out onto the pitch in the league for the first time as a Scunthorpe United player .
“ It 's hard to explain , it is almost like you 're not even there – like an outer body experience . It 's what I have been waiting for my whole career and to walk out onto the pitch was a surreal feeling .
“ There were nerves for sure , if I did n't be nervous I think that there would be something wrong – making my debut for a big club like Scunthorpe United , away at Fratton Park .
“ The first five minutes were nerve-rattling , but I was always confident and as soon as you get your first touch of the ball you just settle into the game and then I was ready to go . ”
Watson had featured in four Checkatrade Trophy games earlier this season , the only appearances he had made for Scunthorpe all season .
Although he would have liked some moments back from those games , the Scunthorpe goalkeeper stated that he will only learn from games such as those , and believes that experiences in the first team have helped him mature into the player he is becoming , and hopes to evolve into .
“ I feel like I have matured since joining the club to be honest , ” he said .
“ I have been growing into it and those Checkatrade games certainly helped my transition into the team .
“ Although I have had a few bad moments , it is difficult when you are n't playing as a goalkeeper , but I 'm learning all the time and growing as a young player . ”
Last season Watson was on loan at National League side North Ferriby United .
In a difficult season in which the side finished bottom of the league and were relegated , Watson recalls just how different it is playing in a struggling team , compared to a team looking to gain promotion , and how he studies from looking at some of the best players in his position to remind him to constantly stay focussed .
“ Yeah… It 's definitely different ! To be honest what I have found is that it is a bit harder when you 're playing for a team that is doing well as a goalkeeper , when you do n't have that much to do it can be difficult .
“ I look at some of the best players in my position like David de Gea and Ederson , they have to stay concentrated for 90 minutes and maybe only have one save to make – if you do n't make that save then it can make you look like a bad goalkeeper .
“ But at Ferriby , I was having to make saves , what felt like every five minutes . So I did n't have to think about being concentrated . Here , it comes in little spells and you always have to be switched on so that you do n't let your team down .
“ It 's a lot different , but I 'm enjoying every second of it and I would n't want to be doing anything else . ”
At the beginning of the season , with Luke Daniels and Joe Anyon leaving the club , the inexperienced Rory Watson was the only goalkeeper on the books at Glanford Park .
As most fans expected the club to bring in two new goalkeepers and potentially sending Watson out on loan , Alexander showed faith in Watson in keeping him at the club as the back-up goalkeeper to the vastly-experienced Matt Gilks .
Gilks has been in tremendous form all season long for the Iron , has already had some memorable performances , and may very well be a candidate for Scunthorpe 's player of the season .
Watson told the Telegraph that he believes he is in an ideal situation , playing alongside Gilks , as he gets to learn from a former Premier League goalkeeper , which he knows will help his development as a young and promising future number one goalkeeper himself .
“ I have learned amazing amounts from him . He 's a fantastic keeper and has done so well for us this year .
“ Just to see how he works , day-in day-out , his work-ethic is unbelievable .
“ It 's great for my development to learn from a keeper like Matt Gilks and it is an honour for me to play behind and have him there for me when I am playing . ”
And Watson went on to state that he hopes to emulate Gilks ' fantastic career , and to still be playing at the age of 36 .
“ That 's the goal ! ” he said . “ I would love to still be playing at his age , it is an amazing feat and a testament to what he does .
“ Especially off-the-pitch which people do n't see . The way that Matt Gilks prepares himself and how hard he trains is inspiring for me and it pushes me to work as hard , because I want to be playing at his age later in my career .
“ There is always a reason why players like Bish ( Neal Bishop ) and Gillo are still playing at a high level , and I have been learning just how important it is to prepare the right way . ”
When asked on what he plans for the rest of the season , Watson knows that Gilks is the established number one at Glanford Park .
However , he knows that he needs to be ready , and could be called upon at any given moment .
“ I just want to play as many games as I can and take it one game at a time . But I know I can learn a lot from playing behind Gillo , so I 'm in a good situation . Whenever I get an opportunity to play , I need to be ready to help the lads .
“ Whatever happens I want the lads to do well , that 's the most important thing at the end of the day . ”
New Delhi : The government on Tuesday decided to set up a task force to finalise the contours of a policy on the fast-growing e-commerce sector , a top official said .
The decision to set up a task force was taken during the first meeting of the think tank on framework for National Policy on E-Commerce .
Briefing reporters after the meeting , Commerce Secretary Rita Teaotia said all the issues related to e-commerce including taxation , infrastructure , investments , technology transfer , data protection , regulations , and competition were discussed .
The think-tank was constituted under the chairmanship of Commerce and Industry Minister Suresh Prabhu .
`` The objective is to come out with a framework for an e-commerce policy , '' Teotia said .
It was decided to set up a task force and sub-groups to deliberate upon all the concerned issues in detail , she said .
`` The task force will come out with a set of recommendations which would be brought before the think tank in five months . The think tank will give its report in six months , '' Teaotia said .
She said that a policy is important in view of the issues being faced by the domestic industry .
She also said that a detailed national policy on the sector would help India in articulating its stand on e-commerce at the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
Several developed economies including the US are keen on an agreement in the WTO on the e-commerce sector .
India is participating in the ongoing technical negotiations on the issues in the WTO , but the subject is not on the formal negotiating table as the sector is at nascent stage in the country and developing countries want time to prepare themselves .
Prabhu said there has been an exponential growth of e-commerce sector . The domestic industry is going to grow and `` we must try to promote it and for that there is a need for a policy '' .
E-commerce firms can play a greater global role , he added .
Senior officials of various ministries and departments , representatives from industry bodies , e-commerce companies , telecommunication and IT firms , RBI , and independent experts participated in the meeting .
Issues discussed included aspects of e-commerce , digital economy , physical and digital infrastructure , regulatory regime , taxation policy , data flows , server localisation , intellectual property rights protection , FDI , and trade-related aspects .
Trai Chairman R S Sharma , who participated in the deliberation , said : `` We need to have a policy which ensures privacy and ownership , security of data . ''
He said that with new taxation system and digital transactions increasing , there is a need to have a proper data policy .
`` For e-commerce , digital infrastructure to flourish in India , we need to have robust connectivity infrastructure . Fortunately , we have large telecom players and 1.2 billion connections and 400 million Internet users , huge amount of data flow taking place .
`` But I think we need to have much more fibre infrastructure so we need to have wired internet more and there are certain suggestions which we have already given to the government , '' he added .
Several participants emphasised the need to set up a regulator for the smooth functioning of the sector .
( Reuters ) - Asian currencies are cheap in historical trade-weighted terms despite a steady rise to multi-year highs over the past year on broad U.S. dollar weakness and strong flows into the region , analysts say .
Malaysia 's ringgit , for instance , has appreciated more than 15 percent against the dollar since the beginning of 2017 , but in real effective exchange rate terms ( REER ) , it is still 5 percent below its 10-year average .
REER is calculated on a trade-weighted basis against a basket of currencies and adjusted for inflation .
The Japanese yen , Philippine peso and Indonesian rupiah are also trading below their 10-year averages .
The rise in regional currencies against their trading partners ' currencies over the past year has been much lower than their gains on the dollar , keeping them attractive even now , analysts say .
The South Korean won and the Thai baht have gained more than 12 percent each against the dollar since Jan 2017 , but their REER rates rose just about 4 percent in that period .
“ If you look at real effective exchange rates , Asian currencies are not very over-valued , ” said Chang Wei Liang , an FX strategist with Mizuho Bank .
“ Asian currencies could still have scope to gain , given the very substantial current account surpluses in their economies . ”
China 's yuan and South Korean won 's REER rates are the highest in the region , trading at 122.6 and 110.7 respectively , according to a JP Morgan REER index based at 100 in 2010 .
Asian exports have largely managed to absorb the rise in regional currencies while benefiting from robust global demand and a recovery in commodity prices .
China 's exports increased in 2017 for the first time in three years , while Japan 's exports saw their biggest growth in seven years .
Despite the baht gaining about 10 percent against the dollar , Thai exports grew 9.9 percent last year , the biggest rise in six years .
“ Generally exports react more to external demand conditions , rather than currencies , ” said Mizuho 's Chang .
“ We do n't see currency strength holding back exports in Asia , given that external demand is on an upswing at the moment . ”
Regional trade momentum is set to continue this year with South Korea , for example , showing robust export growth in January driven by computer chips and petroleum products .
Nonetheless , the operating profits of Asian companies making much of their revenue from exports are expected to take a hit from the sharp rise in their domestic currencies .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Freeman Fintech Corporation Ltd :
* UPDATES ON UNUSUAL SHARE PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME MOVEMENTS
* IS CURRENTLY IN DISCUSSION WITH POTENTIAL PARTIES REGARDING POSSIBLE DISPOSALS OF STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
* IS EXPLORING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN SOUTHEAST ASIA
* ‍HOWEVER , NO BINDING TERMS & AGREEMENTS HAVE BEEN AGREED OR ENTERED INTO​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Under Portland law , Airbnb hosts can only list rentals on property where they live at least nine months of the year .
But Airbnb public policy director Laura Spanjian said that law has n't prevented individual users from listing numerous rentals .
“ There definitely are still bad actors out there who are n't following the law , '' she said .
The company has announced a new policy attempting to limit the number of users renting multiple units in Portland . Under the guidelines , hosts will be limited to posting just one rental at a time .
Critics of the short-term rental company say people who abuse the system put a crunch on the housing supply by making fewer units available to Portlanders who are seeking long-term housing .
Airbnb rolled out similar policies in San Francisco and New York last year .
Aaron Peskin , a member of the San Francisco board of supervisors , said it 's unclear how aggressively the company is enforcing the policy .
“ We have no way of verifying that , '' Peskin said . `` And as a matter of fact , Airbnb wo n't share their information with the city and county of San Francisco . ”
The new Airbnb policy takes effect Jan. 30 .
Welcome to global warming ! Whoever said that a warmer planet would bring a gentle rise in temperature evenly across the globe ? We'vea been trading warm air for cold with the Arctic , where temperatures have been above freezing for many days this winter . Last week , Pakistan and six other Asian countries set record high temperatures . If they 're at 114F in April , what 's their summer going to be like ? “ Global warming ” is a term for scientists looking at the whole planet . For people , farmers , cities , and businesses having to deal with the changes , we should be calling it global weirding .
Roger L. Gagne
The governor on Friday vetoed two bills that would have banned smoking at beaches and parks .
Gov . Jerry Brown on Friday vetoed two bills that would have banned smoking at California parks and beaches , calling them too coercive and saying potential fines are too high .
The measures , which also would have banned smoking marijuana and the use of electronic cigarettes , were proposed by legislators to protect public health from second-hand smoking , and to prevent wildfires and reduce litter .
Brown , who vetoed a similar bill last year , said the $ 100 fine proposed could reach $ 485 when court assessments are added , an amount he called excessive .
“ If people ca n't smoke even on a deserted beach , where can they ? ” Brown asked in his veto message . “ There must be some limit to the coercive power of government . ''
The Legislature had approved separate but similar bills by Sen. Steve Glazer ( D-Concord ) and Assemblyman Marc Levine ( D-San Rafael ) that would have applied the ban to 300 miles of state beaches and areas of 280 state parks that have not been designated by park officials for smoking .
“ This bill would reduce the serious health hazards posed by smoking — to people and wildlife — in our state parks and beaches , ” Glazer said . `` It would reduce fire hazards and litter and the costs for those now borne by the public . ”
Second-hand smoke is a health risk , and discarded cigarette butts can be eaten by and poison wildlife , the lawmaker said .
* Saudi continues bounce from chart support , volume very high
* Dar Al Arkan nearly doubles in three weeks
* Egypt 's Cleopatra Hospital surges on capital increase success
* Qatar rises from near six-year lows
* Dana Gas strong in Abu Dhabi on sukuk case hopes
By Andrew Torchia
DUBAI , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Major Gulf stock markets rose on Sunday in line with strength in global bourses at the end of last week , with Saudi Arabia and Egypt leading .
The Saudi index rose 0.8 percent points to 7,145 , bouncing for a second straight day from technical support around 7,000 points in very heavy trade .
After initially pulling out of the market in the wake of Saudi Arabia 's crackdown on corruption , announced early last month , retail investors have been coming back in after it became clear that damage to the economy due to the crackdown was not as serious as feared .
Real estate firm Dar Al Arkan , the most heavily traded stock , continued a spectacular uptrend . It surged 9.0 percent to 14.0 riyals , having jumped from around 7.50 riyals in mid-November , when MSCI said it was adding the stock to its Saudi Arabia Index .
Petrochemical firm Saudi Kayan surged 6.2 percent to 10.64 riyals . Many analysts consider it fully valued , however ; the median target price of six analysts surveyed by Reuters is 9.65 riyals .
Egypt 's index ended a four-day losing streak , climbing 0.7 percent , but trading volume remained light .
Cleopatra Hospital jumped 7.9 percent after saying its capital increase had been 99.8 percent subscribed , while Misr Cement soared 10 percent as the price of rights in its capital increase rocketed 11.7 percent .
The Qatari index climbed 0.7 percent ; it has been trading near six-year lows for a month and appears to have established strong support in that area . Gulf International Services added 4.4 percent .
Dubai came off early highs to end just 0.1 percent higher while Abu Dhabi climbed 0.4 percent on the back of a 4.4 percent gain by Dana Gas , after the chief executive of its major shareholder Crescent Petroleum told the Al Khaleej news service that the main documentation for Dana 's $ 700 million of outstanding sukuk was governed by the United Arab Emirates law .
Dana is seeking to avoid redeeming the sukuk after they matured in October , arguing that they are no longer valid under UAE law . A London court found against Dana last month , but Dana is continuing to fight its case in a UAE court .
HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 0.8 percent to 7,145 points .
DUBAI
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 3,395 points .
ABU DHABI
* The index gained 0.4 percent to 4,295 points .
QATAR
* The index climbed 0.7 percent to 7,828 points .
EGYPT
* The index added 0.8 percent to 14,414 points .
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.4 percent to 6,162 points .
BAHRAIN
* The index dropped 0.2 percent to 1,265 points .
OMAN
* The index edged down 0.1 percent to 5,063 points .
Drivers who rely on State Route 8 in McCleary can expect an upcoming change to the highway starting Tuesday , Dec. 12 that will allow crews to continue progress on the Wildcat Creek fish barrier removal project . The work includes building four new bridges that carry traffic over both branches of the creek .
12 p.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday , Dec. 12
Crews will implement short-term rolling slowdowns to shift traffic into the right lanes of both westbound and eastbound SR 8 . Drivers are encouraged to expect slight delays and add extra travel time .
This work is weather-dependent and could be rescheduled .
Next steps
Crews later will reconfigure the eastbound lanes to accommodate both directions of traffic . Like the first half of this project , crews will shift traffic to create room to build two remaining bridges . The highway will remain in that configuration for approximately 12 months .
Comments
The U.S. Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights has opened an investigation into a complaint filed by Mark Greenburg , who alleged students in show choirs at Burbank High School were `` subjected to different treatment on the basis of their race , sex and national origin by their teacher , '' according to a letter from the Office of Civil Rights to Greenburg , dated Feb. 9 .
Greenburg , an Arizona resident and president of music licensing firm Tresona Multimedia , filed the complaint last month , along with another complaint against Burbank High music teacher Brett Carroll , asking school officials to review private text messages that Carroll exchanged with music arranger Josh Greene that Greenburg alleged were inappropriate .
Join the conversation on Facebook > >
The Office for Civil Rights will also investigate whether Greenburg was `` subject to retaliation '' after filing his complaint with the federal office , `` when the lawyer for the show choir teacher continued to show up at hearings for an unrelated case , and send you harassing emails and messages , '' according to the letter from the Office for Civil Rights to Greenburg , confirming the launch of the investigation .
--
Kelly Corrigan , kelly.corrigan @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ kellymcorrigan
Google Duo , a video and voice calling app by Google , is now getting an update for multi-device and tablet support . As per reports , only a handful of users has received this update but a wider rollout is expected soon .
So what is multi-device support ? Basically , it means that users can use the Google Duo app from multiple devices using just one account . Your Google Account will be connected to your phone number and you shall receive calls through either your phone number or your email address . All your chats and personal information is saved on the Google cloud , ready for you to access it from any device .
The report by XDA-Developers also stated that one of their readers also posted about the new tablet support now available for Google Duo . Again , this update has also reached only a small number of users and should roll out to more in the course of time .
The last update we saw for Google Duo was a video messaging feature that would let users capture and share video messages when their friends can not answer their call . To play a video message received from another user , users need to simply tap their icon . After they have watched their video message , users can tap the 'Call now ' button to easily call that person back .
The No . 5 Tufts men 's lacrosse team continued its excellent 2018 campaign with another conference win on Saturday , defeating Middlebury ( 8–6 , 4–5 NESCAC ) on the road , 13–10 . Like in their victory over the Bates Bobcats earlier in the week , the Jumbos relied on an impressive comeback to triumph in Vermont .
The first quarter passed by with back-and-forth action , as senior attacker Andrew Seiter put two shots in the back of the net for the visiting Jumbos . Despite the Panthers ' prolific offensive efforts , firing 19 shots in the opening quarter compared to the Jumbos ' five , they only managed to score two goals . The NESCAC foes found themselves knotted at two after the first frame .
Middlebury 's offensive blitz cooled off a bit in the second quarter , though the hosts still managed to get off 13 shots . Tufts was able to turn up the heat , though it still lagged behind with nine shots . However , the Panthers held the advantage in the statistic that matters most , scoring three goals to the Jumbos ' one in the quarter . Tufts junior attacker Ben Connelly , the team 's leading scorer with 36 goals , was able to sneak a shot past Middlebury junior goalie Charles Midgley with 3:36 left in the half , yet that was all the visitors could muster . Meanwhile , the Panthers put three shots past sophomore goalie Mason Pollack , with the third putting the hosts up 5–3 with less than a minute left .
After mounting a first-half comeback against Bates to tie the score at 10 by halftime , Tufts was forced to overcome its deficit in the second half on Saturday . A pair of Middlebury goals in the opening minutes of the third quarter , which extended its lead to 7–3 , did n't help the team 's chances . It was familiar territory for the Jumbos , however , who faced an 8–4 deficit against the Bobcats earlier in the week .
“ There are times where we try to do a little bit too much , ” Seiter said of the laggard start . “ That generally results in us not getting great looks on offense . What really allows us to make runs is when we keep things simple . ”
Tufts ' response against Bates was to score eight unanswered goals to take the lead and the game . The group 's answer against Middlebury ? Ten unanswered goals .
From the 11:38 mark of the third quarter until there were less than eight minutes remaining in the fourth , the Jumbos took over . Pollack stood on his head in net , recording eight of his career-high 23 saves during Tufts ' 10–0 run .
“ As a whole , the offense has been starting slowly lately , ” Connelly said . “ Luckily , our defense has been able to keep us in it . Adjusting a couple fundamentals at halftime and refocusing on what we want to do as an offense has helped us be able to get those runs . Obviously , when the defense gets stops , it 's easier to make those runs . ”
Seiter , Connelly and first-year midfielder Garrett Samuelson led the Jumbos ' second-half offensive explosion with two scores apiece . The visitors also received goals from junior attacker Danny Murphy , senior midfielder Holden Rosen Grupp , senior attacker Griffin Johnson and senior midfielder and co-captain Frank Hattler to open up a 13–7 advantage . Middlebury senior midfielder and co-captain Henry Riehl scored three straight in a late rally attempt , but the damage was already too severe , as Tufts ultimately triumphed 13–10 .
Despite the Panthers ' superiority in shots ( 55–31 ) , the Jumbos converted more of their chances . Tufts ' team-based approach on offense was also clear from the stat line , scoring 10 of its 13 goals off assists , compared to Middlebury 's four assisted goals . Finally , the Jumbos converted all three of their chances with an extra man on the field after a penalty , while Middlebury took advantage of just one of its seven opportunities .
“ Credit to Mason Pollack — he played like a stud , ” Connelly said . “ He was able to weather their storm of shots . The defense was giving him shots that he could see . The defense gives us a chance to be in these games . If we only get 31 shots [ on offense ] , well , I 'm happy we were able to can enough to get a win . ”
The win improves the Jumbos ' overall record to 12–1 , with an 8–1 mark in the NESCAC . Currently tied with Amherst and Wesleyan atop the conference standings , Tufts will host Bowdoin ( 8–5 , 4–5 NESCAC ) on Wednesday in a regular-season finale with postseason implications .
“ We 're continuing to try to play a full 60 minutes , ” Seiter said of the matchup . “ I do n't think we 've played a full 60 minutes yet as a team , and we 're still working on that . We 're just focused on playing our brand of lacrosse . ”
As the team heads into the winding moments of their regular season and beyond , they have one more chance to improve on their game and prepare for the NESCAC tournament . They feel confident that they can continue their impressive season .
“ It 's been a fun season with these guys , ” Connelly said . “ We 've got one game left . Bowdoin beat us in the regular season last year , so we definitely want to finish the regular season and our NESCAC conference schedule strong . Moving forward , this game is big as far as the NESCAC tournament , so we want to keep up our pace with wins . ”
A Northern California city has agreed to pay $ 2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911 .
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force .
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was `` going crazy '' and was attacking his mother . Shergill 's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s .
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife . Shergill 's family disputes that account .
___
Information from : The Sacramento Bee , http : //www.sacbee.com
1 . You spend money ( lots of it ) on lovely cat toys , but they only want to play with moisturiser lids and foil
2 . When you have guests over , your cat will want to “ make an entrance ” like Joan Collins
3 . You go , “ Oh , my cat does exactly the same ” whenever your friends talk about their babies ' habits , and wonder why they look at your strangely .
4 . You never forget to change your bed linen , because it 's the only way to stop the passage of cat hair across the house .
5 . That time your cat was diagnosed with something genuinely bad made you cry more than any break-up .
6 . You have turned into * that * person who says , “ He 's lovely , really , ” after your cat has savaged the vet .
7 . Nothing shames like a cat accusing you of going on holiday .
8 . And nothing is as annoying as a single claw gently stroking your arm at 4am to welcome you back .
9 . Every extra second your cat stays in your arms before leaping off is a win .
10 . Nothing you post on Instagram will do as well as that one of your cat sitting in a Waitrose bag .
Unexpected item in bagging area . A post shared by Kat Brown ( @ katbrown82 ) on Dec 19 , 2013 at 2:30am PST
11 . You claim to love cats and dogs equally , but you 're lying .
The cattery 's charming attempts to soothe you with a message from the cat do n't work quite as well when your cat has such an expression of murderous intent # ambridgecat A post shared by Kat Brown ( @ katbrown82 ) on Dec 20 , 2016 at 12:03am PST
This article originally appeared on Glamourmagazine.co.uk
U.S. television network CBS announced Thursday it will explore a possible merger with Viacom amid accelerating consolidation in the media industry . The CBS board `` has established a special committee of independent directors to evaluate a potential combination with Viacom , '' CBS said in a news release after the stock market closed .
The move opens the potential to rejoin two companies that were split in 2006 , combining CBS with Viacom 's networks which include Nickelodeon , MTV , BET and Comedy Central . The companies previously explored a combination in 2016 , but later abandoned the effort . Big media companies are under pressure to lock in top-flight creative content as the traditional broadcast industry is disrupted by Netflix and other streaming options .
Big transactions outstanding include Disney 's proposed $ 52.4 billion acquisition of key 21st Century Fox assets , and AT & T 's proposed takeover of Time Warner , which is in litigation following an antitrust complaint by the Department of Justice .
By Emmett Berg
| SAN FRANCISCO
SAN FRANCISCO A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc ( UPS.N ) delivery centre in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said.The victims , like the gunman , were all company drivers , said Steve Gaut , head of investor relations at UPS . The attack unfolded as the workers were gathered for their daily morning meeting before they were due to head out on their delivery rounds , Gaut added . Two other people were taken to an area hospital with gunshot wounds , and another five individuals sustained less serious injuries in a frantic exit from the building , San Francisco police said . Authorities did not immediately identify the gunman or the victims.Police said the gunman took his own life before officers who swarmed the building ever fired a shot.Police offered no explanation as to a possible motive for the violence . But Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told a news conference the shooting was not an act of terrorism .
Police said they recovered two firearms from the UPS facility , including the murder weapon , which they described as an `` assault pistol . '' The UPS facility , a package-sorting and delivery hub that serves the greater San Francisco area and employs about 350 workers in the city 's Potrero Hill area , was placed under a security lockdown for six hours.The gun violence there erupted hours after another , unrelated mass shooting at a charity baseball practice in the suburbs of the nation 's capital left a congressman and several others wounded before the assailant was killed by police .
`` We are always saddened by the loss of life to gun violence . Any shooting is one shooting too many , '' San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee said on Twitter . Gaut said the facility 's employees were dismissed from work once the lockdown was lifted and that most had since left the building . The company is providing trauma and grief counselling . Video footage from the scene showed a massive police presence near the facility , with workers being escorted outside and embracing one another on the sidewalk . One worker was found by police hiding inside the sprawling building after the shooting , unaware that the violence was over .
`` It was a frightful scene , '' Chaplin said.The San Francisco bloodshed came three years after a UPS employee shot and killed two of his supervisors before turning the gun on himself at a UPS distribution centre in Birmingham , Alabama . That gunman had recently been fired from the facility . The deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history occurred in June 2016 when a gunman claiming allegiance to the Islamic State militant group killed 49 people at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida.Gun laws in the United States rank among the most permissive of any developed country , with the right to `` keep and bear arms '' enshrined in the Constitution 's Second Amendment . Efforts to tighten national gun control measures failed after mass shootings at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , in 2012 and the nightclub shooting in Orlando . ( Additional reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles , Patrick Enright in Seattle and Nick Carey in Detroit ; Writing by Jon Herskovitz and Steve Gorman ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
California did it four years ago . Hawaii has a de facto ban . And last month , New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo called for a statewide ban on single-use plastic bags by next year .
Will New Jersey follow suit ? At least one legislator thinks it should . Assemblyman John McKeon , an environmental advocate from Essex County , introduced a bill ( A-4040 ) last week proposing a ban to phase out noncombustible plastic carry-out bags three years after enactment .
It is no small problem . Each year , Americans use 380 billion plastic bags , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . Last year , in a beach cleanup by Clean Ocean Action , more than 80 percent of the haul was some kind of plastic . Some towns along the Jersey Shore are already banning plastic bags or imposing fees on their use .
Click here for the full article »
ST. PAUL , Minn. -- The Sioux Falls Canaries are in last place in the American Association North Division , but do n't tell them that , because they went into CHS Field and took three out of four games from the St. Paul Saints . They capped off the series with a 7-0 win on Sunday afternoon .
Ryan Zimmerman got the start for the Saints and did not give up a hit until the fourth inning , but he was able to get out of it without any runs allowed . His fortunes changed the next inning when he gave up a one-out single to Mike Falsetti , who came around to score on a single by Burt Reynolds that also scored Dan Motl , who had drawn a walk earlier in the inning .
The Canaries got another run in the eighth inning when Jabari Henry hit a one-out solo home run to left field to extend their lead to 3-0 . Right before the top of the ninth inning , a rain shower hit CHS Field , but the teams played through , as the Canaries scored four runs , thanks to a grand slam from Reynolds that essentially put the game out of reach .
The Saints led off the bottom of the ninth inning with Kes Carter , who reached on an infield single to the shortstop , but he was retired when the next batter , Nate Hanson , grounded into a 6-4-3 double play for the first two outs of the inning . That left the inning and the game up to Anthony Gallas , who kept the game alive with a single through the hole into left field .
That brought up Brady Shoemaker , who was playing his first game since being activated from the disabled list , and he also singled , this one going to right field , and allowed Gallas to advance to third base . That brought up Tony Thomas , who grounded out to third base to end the game .
The Saints now head up north to Winnipeg , where they will have a four-game series with the Goldeyes , who are five games ahead of the Saints for first place in the division . The Canaries now head to Gary , Ind. , where they will face the Railcats beginning on Tuesday .
Quick Hits
- The Fargo-Moorhead Redhawks made news on Sunday morning when they announced that they had fired manager Doug Simunic , who had been their manager for over 20 straight years , the longest tenure in the league . Pitching coach Michael Schlact was named as interim manager . The Redhawks lost on Sunday to the Railcats by a score of 3-2 .
- The Goldeyes gained a game on both the Saints and the Redhawks , as they also won on Sunday , by a score of 13-2 over the Wichita Wingnuts . They are now five games ahead of the Saints and Redhawks , who are tied for second place . The full North Division standings are :
Goldeyes -- 47-32
Redhawks -- 5.0 GB
Saints -- 5.0 GB
Canaries -- 11.0 GB
Game Summary
SF -- 000 020 014 -- 762
SP -- 000 000 000 -- 060
Winning Pitcher - Grady Wood ( 7-2 )
Losing Pitcher - Ryan Zimmerman ( 5-6 )
Player of the game - Burt Reynolds ( 2-4 , 6 RBI )
× Expand Photo by Bill Roseberry Granite City 's Will O'Keefe competes in the 800-meter run at the Class 3A state meet on May 27 . O'Keefe ultimately finished ninth to be GCHS ' only all-state performer in 2017 .
May 27 will always be a special day for Granite City senior Will O'Keefe ; that 's the day he became an all-state runner .
O'Keefe finished in ninth place in the 800-meter run ( 1:55.17 ) at the Class 3A state meet at Eastern Illinois University 's O'Brien Stadium in Charleston . It marked the first time he 'd earned all-state honors .
“ With 100 meters to go , I looked up and I 'm all-state right now and I was like , ‘ Ahhh , ” O'Keefe said following the race . “ My last 100 is definitely not my greatest strength . In college I 'll probably run the mile .
“ This feels good . It 's what I wanted my whole senior year and my whole high school career actually and I 've fallen far short a number of times , so now no matter how close it was I 'm just glad I did it . ”
O'Keefe was the only representative for the Warriors during the state finals and that came as a surprise to him .
Heading into the preliminaries on May 26 , the senior distance runner was joined by fellow senior Torrey Deal in the high jump and triple jump and his younger brother , sophomore Andrew O'Keefe , in the 1,600-meter run . Deal won a sectional title in the high jump with a leap of 6 feet , 8 inches and took third in the triple with a jump of 45-1.25 . Andrew O'Keefe was also a sectional champ , winning the 1,600 in 4:24.39 at the 3A Moline Sectional .
Unfortunately , neither of Will O'Keefe 's teammates qualified for the state finals . Deal only cleared 6-1 in the high jump preliminaries , missing the qualifying mark of 6-4 . He went 45-6 in the triple jump , but the final advancing mark was 46-1.75 .
Andrew O'Keefe turned in a time of 4:19.74 in the 1,600 and the final time taken was 4:18.77 .
“ To be completely honest , I thought I had the least likely chance of making the finals just based on how we 'd been performing , ” Will O'Keefe said . “ My brother 's prelim was tough just because his best races come off of faster paces . He 's got a great kick , but the seniors up here that run those races all the time , they know how to kick , how to work that pack and Andrew just is n't that experienced . If it had been a faster race I think he would have been in the finals .
“ I honestly thought Torrey and Andrew had a really good chance and I thought my chance was going to be the closest , so I just knew today I was n't going to come out here and not disappoint . That was my main goal today , not let anyone down , but especially not let myself down . ”
Being able to represent GCHS as its lone competitor became a huge honor for O'Keefe on Saturday . In order to do that he had to miss his graduation on the night of May 26 , but it was worth it and all the Warriors back home sent their support .
“ It 's fantastic , ” he said . “ We had graduation last night and I did n't go because I was up here . They told everybody that I made the final and they said the place went nuts and I was like , ‘ That 's all I need . ' ”
The support and knowing it was his last hoorah as a prep athlete brought a sense of peace to O'Keefe . He knew it was now or never .
“ This was the least nervous I 've ever been , ” he said . “ I 've been more nervous for dual meets than I was today . I have complete respect for everyone I 'm competing against , but this is my time and what I trained for and I was just going to go out and give it everything . I was n't nervous because I knew I was n't going to fall off in this race , I was going to hold on as long as I could . ”
His time in the state finals trumped his 1:55.72 in the prelims and his 1:56.28 at sectionals , which was good for third .
O'Keefe had n't been happy with his efforts earlier in the season . He said refocusing and relaxing led to his ultimate success .
“ To be honest , this is the least hard I 've worked all high school , ” O'Keefe said . “ But I was working too hard before . Finally finding a better balance just set me up good . I 'm going to run some races after this , because I used to peak too early and now I 'm peaking at the right time . I feel I can still get faster . I had to find that consistency and trust I 'd get there . I had some really bad races early in the season and I had to keep telling myself , ‘ I 'm not peaking yet , so let 's just get down the road , get to state and see how I do . ' ”
All-state honors are n't too shabby .
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and # AdVsports on Twitter
Moscow : Vladimir Putin on Monday said he would address disputes with the West after an election that saw him return to the Kremlin with a record vote share , as Moscow faces increasing isolation .
International leaders were slow to congratulate the Russian president after a Sunday election that saw him take almost 77 percent of the vote , as monitors reported ballot stuffing and other alleged cases of fraud .
The poisoning of an ex-spy in Britain along with fresh sanctions from Washington over allegations of meddling in the US 2016 election have isolated Moscow to an extent not seen since the Cold War .
The president , who has ruled Russia for almost two decades , on Monday denied he was driving a new arms race with Washington after he unveiled a range of `` invincible '' nuclear weapons this month .
`` From our side , we will do all we can so that the disputes with our ( international ) partners be resolved by political and diplomatic means , '' he said during a meeting with the seven other candidates he resoundingly defeated on Sunday .
`` It goes without saying that not everything depends on us — as with love , both sides have to be involved , otherwise there can be no love at all , '' he said .
Putin said he would focus on `` increasing the well-being of the residents of this country '' through investments in healthcare , education and infrastructure during his next term .
Carrot and stick
With Putin 's most vocal opponent Alexei Navalny barred from running for legal reasons , the outcome of the weekend election was never in doubt , and most of the suspense lay in how many people would turn out to vote .
The Kremlin pushed for high participation to give greater legitimacy to a fourth term for Putin , who is already Russia 's longest-serving leader since Joseph Stalin .
But Navalny called on supporters to boycott the vote and sent out more than 30,000 monitors to voting stations .
Navalny 's movement and the non-governmental election monitor Golos reported ballot stuffing , repeat voting and Putin supporters being bussed into polling stations en masse .
Fewer irregularities were reported than in previous years , however . An OSCE observer mission said that although the election was marred by a lack of `` genuine competition '' , it was generally well conducted .
Authorities used both the carrot and the stick to boost engagement in the polls .
Selfie competitions , giveaways , food festivals and children 's entertainers were laid on at polling stations to entice voters .
But employees at state and private companies , as well as students , said they had come under other pressure to vote .
'Modernising Russia '
Analysts said Putin used tensions with the West to rally support and suggested that armed with a strong new mandate , he could push through further punitive measures against dissenters .
Putin 's campaign spokesman Andrei Kondrashov said that turnout , which was above 67 percent , was eight to 10 percentage points higher than expected . He claimed that was `` thanks to Britain . ''
London this month implicated Putin in the poisoning of former double agent Sergei Skripal in England with a Soviet-designed nerve agent .
Most of the voters AFP spoke to said they had backed Putin despite Russia 's problems of poverty and poor healthcare , praising his foreign policies .
Muted Western reactions
Western leaders were slow to publicly acknowledge Putin 's landslide win .
German chancellor Angela Merkel `` warmly congratulated '' Putin while stressing in a message she wrote the need to continue dialogue `` to address important bilateral and international challenges and find viable solutions . ''
French president Emmanuel Macron wished Vladimir Putin success in `` modernising Russia '' after his re-election , but urged Moscow to shed light on the `` unacceptable '' attempted assassination of an ex-spy in Britain .
Macron also expressed concern over the war in Syria , in which Moscow plays a key role as the regime 's closest ally , in a carefully-worded statement that steered clear of congratulating Putin directly .
Citing a report by independent observers , Britain 's Foreign Office on Tuesday noted `` restrictions on fundamental freedoms ... resulted in a lack of genuine competition in the election '' .
And 24 hours after the election , there has been no public comment from US president Donald Trump .
Japanese prime minister Shinzo called Putin to congratulate him on his victory as did Chinese president Xi Jinping , who has just gained a path to indefinite rule .
Grim mood
Among liberal Russians the mood was grim .
`` Have you been thinking about emigrating for a long time ? This really is the ideal moment , '' remarked Stanislav Kucher , a journalist for Kommersant FM radio .
Putin polled well ahead of his nearest rival Pavel Grudinin , the Communist Party candidate , who described the elections as `` dishonest '' .
With 99.84 percent of ballots counted , Grudinin had secured 11.8 percent .
Ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky took 5.66 percent , former reality TV presenter Ksenia Sobchak was on 1.67 percent , while veteran liberal politician Grigory Yavlinsky received just over one percent of the vote .
Watch : How Goa 's Canacona forest reserve was saved from an 'afforestation ' project
How a few determined local residents demanded accountability and challenged decisions taken by a government department . When threatened by the lumbering bureaucratic attitude of Goa 's forest officials , local residents took steps such as filing the RTI and mobilising a public call-to-action based on video proof with scientifically-backed research .
MILWAUKEE -- Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been placed on the 10-day disabled list by the Brewers , who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday 's game against the St. Louis Cardinals .
Saladino jammed his ankle into second base as he took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night . Saladino had to be helped off the field .
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games for Milwaukee . Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before he was sent down on May 25 .
The Brewers sent Arcia to Triple-A in the hopes of jump-starting him offensively in a pressure-free environment . He hit .273 in 11 at-bats for Colorado Springs in three games since his demotion .
The Brewers called up Arcia in August 2016 when he was the top prospect in the organization . He hit just .219 in 55 games that season , but in 2017 he hit .277 with 15 home runs and 53 RBIs .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
ISLAMABAD - Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , in order to revive the country 's film industry , on Wednesday announced a special package for the artists and workers associated with it .
`` Reviving the film Industry was our top most obligation . It gives me immense pleasure to announce the biggest ever special package in the history of Pakistan for the artists and workers associated with this industry , which surely is the fulfillment of yet another promise like our other pledges , '' the prime minister said in a statement issued here on Wednesday .
He said art and artists were those trustees of the bright traditions of the Pakistani society which had played a significant role in keeping alive the national identity , culture and heritage at the global level , besides carving a niche for Pakistan among the alive and conscientious nations .
`` Unfortunately Pakistan and its self-respecting people have witnessed heinous acts of terrorism in the streets , mosques and public places during the last many years . But by the grace of God owing to the sacrifices of our valiant forces and security agencies and unswerving determination of the nation , terrorism has been stopped in its tracks and incidents of terrorism have been considerably reduced , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said the recent history was witness to the fact how enemies of Islam and the country targeted the innocent minds with misleading concepts , which promoted terrorism in the country .
`` The comity of nations interpreted our distorted identity according to their own perceptions , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said , `` The youth who are the future of this country remained captive of a scary mindset . To extricate the youth from that horrible situation and terrorism , we are trying to provide alternative avenues of entertainment to them . ''
`` We are aware of the fact that quality entertainment revolves around availability of playing fields , recreations parks , tourism and cultural activities , the nucleus of which is the revival of the film industry , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said he felt proud to accord status of industry to the amorous body of films on the recommendations of the Ministry of Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage , which was the continuation of the policy that they announced in 1992 .
`` Apart from this , relaxation in financial laws pertaining to films and exemption from taxes should also be given . The domain of art and literature includes all those honourbale people we call writers and poets , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said a comprehensive package will also be prepared for these honourable personalities and fine arts . Under this package National Film and Broadcasting Commission , National Film Institute and an academy will be established that will have a studio equipped with the latest technology and gadgets compatible with the requirements of the modern times , he added .
For the welfare and financial assistance to the artists , the Prime Minister also announced the establishment of Prime Minister 's Artist Welfare Fund so that the dignity and self-respect of those talented individuals could be safeguarded .
`` Each nook and cranny of this land of the pure testifies to the beauty of God . In this context the foreign filmmakers will be given special concession for making films on cultural , historic and tourists spots , so that through this medium tourism at the national and international level can be promoted , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said special concession will be given on the import of equipment related to the film industry , so that the bright and beautiful face of Pakistan could be shown to the world and the Pakistani film producers had all the facilities available at home for which they had to go abroad .
`` We have to go even beyond this with a view to ensure that every person connected with this industry is duly encouraged . In this context the government has decided to accord complete exemption on entertainment tax . More concessions will be made in regards to the income related to film and entertainment , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said special benefits and concessions will also be allowed on investments in such ventures which help in introducing our dignified past , exemplary heritage , worth emulating culture , distinguished literature and infallible beauty of tourism to the youth , who are architects of our future .
`` To help the film and Broadcasting Industry and the fine arts I announce the institution of Prime Minister 's Film Finance Fund which I am sure is a rare step , '' he added .
The Prime Minister said he was sanguine that the inclusion of the film and Broadcasting Industry in the national milieu would give further boost to the Pakistan economy which was already striding on the path of sustained economic development .
`` I am confident that these steps taken at the level of the government will go a long way in removing the difficulties and impediments connected to the film Industry . I am also proud of the fact that our land has produced such personalities in the field of fine arts whose imprint will help different nations to move ahead for all times to come , '' he added .
He was hopeful that our youth , like in other fields , will spare no effort to make their contribution in the domain of films to win laurels for Pakistan . In this endeavour they will always find the elected government standing with them , he added .
The Prime Minister directed the Ministry of Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage to present this package in implementable form for the approval of the government , after consultations with the Ministry of Finance and other relevant institutions .
APP
Rome : Serie A club Fiorentina announced that their training ground will be renamed in tribute to former captain Davide Astori , who died aged 31 earlier this month .
The Italian international died suddenly in his hotel room before a match at Udinese on 4 March .
The team 's training ground will be renamed the 'Centro Sportivo Davide Astori ' .
`` We 've made this decision because that was his home , '' said Fiorentina president Mario Cognini .
`` He went there every day for training and used to spend time there with his family too . We believe that honouring him in this way is the right thing to do . ''
Astori 's number 13 shirt was retired by the club , where he had played for three years .
Astori came through the youth system at AC Milan before spending eight years at Cagliari , while he also had a loan spell at Roma .
What We 're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for : Archives Select Month December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
London : Aaron Ramsey believes the arrival of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan can ensure a successful end to Arsenal 's season after the Welshman netted his first ever hat-trick in a 5-1 thrashing of Everton .
Ramsey was the beneficiary for two of Mkhitaryan 's three assists , whilst Aubameyang also clipped home a fine through ball from his former Dortmund teammate just days after sealing a club record £56 million switch from the German giants .
`` 100 percent we 've got a player on our hands , '' Ramsey said of Aubameyang .
`` Well done to him , he scored on his debut , Micki as well with a few assists , hopefully , there is a lot more to come and they can help us finish off the season strongly . ''
Victory saw Arsenal close the gap on the top four to five points and manager Arsene Wenger was happy with the early indications from his side 's January overhaul as Alexis Sanchez , Theo Walcott and Olivier Giroud also departed .
`` It is very early , but they look to have the quality to integrate into the game we want to play , '' Wenger said of Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan .
`` They are quick , have sharp movement and agile and want the ball . It is very good and positive signs . ''
Wenger 's delight was in stark contrast to Everton boss Sam Allardyce , who raged at his side 's defending as they conceded four times in the opening 39 minutes .
`` I 'm not frustrated , I 'm angry , very angry at the players performing to that level . It 's unacceptable , '' said the former England manager .
`` We studied how Swansea played ( in beating Arsenal 2-1 on Tuesday ) , how defensively sound they were and how they limited Arsenal to very few chances .
`` Swansea only had 30 percent possession but created chances , but I may as well have been talking in a foreign language . We did n't implement my plans either defensively or offensively and the game was dead and buried . ''
A Grays Harbor County judge has sentenced a commercial crab fisherman to 90 days of electronic home monitoring and fined him $ 5,000 for stealing crab pots offshore of Westport , concluding a case that began with an investigation last year by the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife ( WDFW ) .
Larrin Breitsprecher , 57 , of Westport , was sentenced Dec. 1 by Grays Harbor County Superior Court Judge Mark McCauley after a jury found him guilty of possessing stolen property and related charges . Beginning May 1 , Breitsprecher will be required to remain at home for three months unless he requires medical attention .
WDFW Police Captain Dan Chadwick said the department began its investigation after a deckhand on Breitsprecher 's crab boat told officers that his boss directed him to steal crab pots while fishing near Westport .
After obtaining a search warrant , police officers from WDFW and the Quinault Indian Nation seized 32 commercial crab pots from Breitsprecher 's gear stack at the Port of Westport and determined that at least 24 of them belonged to other crabbers , Chadwick said .
“ A commercial crab pot fully rigged can run $ 200 to $ 250 , so the loss of multiple pots can really add up , ” he said . “ We appreciate that the Grays Harbor prosecutor 's office pursued this case , because it demonstrates that the law extends to ocean waters. ” Chadwick said the department also appreciated the assistance of the Quinault tribal police .
WDFW currently licenses 223 coastal crab vessels , which landed 16.4 million pounds of Dungeness crab with a dockside value of $ 52 million during the 2016-17 season .
Comments
Hungarian Consul General in Istanbul Balázs Hendrich said that Turkey is an important ally of Europe in the fight against terror , suggesting that enhancing Turkey-EU Relations is in the interest of Hungary .
The Consul General gave an exclusive interview to Daily Sabah , and spoke on various topics ranging from Turkey 's relations with the EU and bilateral ties between Budapest and Ankara .
Responding to a question on the current effectiveness of the migrant deal between Brussels and Ankara , Hendrich praised Turkey 's efforts on the issue , adding that the deal has turned out to be an effective tool to protect the Schengen Area 's external borders .
`` We highly appreciate the dedicated efforts Turkey has assumed regarding the migrant crisis from both security and humanitarian aspects . Turkey is a key ally of Europe in the fight against terrorism and the treatment of illegal migration ; therefore the stability of Turkey and the strengthening of the EU-Turkey dialogue is a vital interest of Hungary too , '' he said .
In March 2016 , Turkey and the EU signed a refugee deal to discourage irregular migration through the Aegean Sea by implementing stricter measures against human traffickers and improving the conditions of Turkey 's 3 million Syrian refugees . The deal included a 3.3 billion euro aid package to help Turkey care for millions of refugees hosted in the country , and the EU promised to initially allocate 3 billion euros in its first tranche for projects to support Syrian refugees .
Hungarian Consul General in Istanbul Balázs Hendrich , left , with Daily Sabah 's Kaan Elbir .
Hendrich said that as the countries that have deeply-rooted historical ties , traditions and the sympathy , bilateral ties between Hungary and Turkey have recently gained new momentum in various fields including tourism .
`` We are delighted that more and more Turkish tourists are discovering the beauty of Hungary , every year visiting our capital and the country 's Ottoman heritage sites too . As Hungary is a member of the Schengen Area , we have to act in harmony with the Schengen visa rules , although we try to facilitate and accelerate the issuance of visas and make our visa procedure as customer-friendly as we can , '' the Consul General said .
The history of relations of the two countries dates back centuries ago , the time the Ottoman Empire encountered the Hungarian Kingdom in the middle ages , and shares a lot of common heritages . The Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency ( TIKA ) has completed about 60 projects in Hungary since 2014 , which were mostly linked to social and cultural cooperation , education and health .
The Hungarian diplomat also said they support the modernization of the Customs Union between Turkey and the EU , and ensuring the free movement of goods and services as widely as possible .
Hungary is determined to maintain strategic relations with Turkey , and therefore the Hungarian government is committed to the re-energizing of EU-Turkey relations and the accession process of Turkey .
`` We truly hope that more European leaders recognize the need for pragmatic dialogue with Turkey as this cooperation , and the EU-Turkey Migration Action Plan , has brought tangible results , '' he said .
Ankara 's customs union agreement with the EU came into force in 1995 . Both Turkey and the EU seek to expand the scope of the agreement , which would have positive effects on trade relations in various industries .
Hendrich also talked about his position as the head of the Istanbul Consular Corps ( ICC ) , which was established in 1993 by several Consul Generals , and later revived in 2001 , saying that his aim , besides facilitating networking , is to increase the significance of the ICC , transforming it into a prominent bridge between Turkish opinion leaders and the diplomatic missions .
The ICC is an informal club in Istanbul , and all Consul Generals and Honorary Consuls representing a country without permanent diplomatic mission are members of the ICC . The senior representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Turkey based in Istanbul is an ex-official member of the ICC as well . With its 130 members , ICC is within the top three largest informal consular bodies in the world after the ones in New York and Hong Kong . The purpose of the organization is to integrate its members into the social environment of the location of their mission and to facilitate networking . Since August 2017 , Hendrich has acted as Chairman of the Executive Committee of ICC .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Steelers offensive coordinator Todd Haley on Thursday got his chance to comment on the Antonio Brown flare-up , and he echoed the sentiment from many in the locker room .
He 's understanding of Brown 's passion , which turned into a flip of a Gatorade bucket and a swipe at Haley Sunday in Baltimore . The coach was trying to calm Brown , who was upset over not getting the ball downfield while open .
`` Guys are passionate and want to contribute and want to make plays and there 's gon na be some emotion out there , '' Haley said . `` I 've been one of the emotional ones at different times . I 'm understanding of it . ”
Haley said those last lines with a smile . In 2009 , Haley had a heated sideline exchange with Anquan Boldin while the two were in Arizona .
Haley believes the incident `` seems to have worked itself out , '' adding no one 's to blame for the missed play . Brown faked a crossing route and flared out to the left side of the field , while Ben Roethlisberger was working the right side , targeting Le'Veon Bell for an incompletion .
Haley said safety Eric Weddle held his point for long enough to force Roethlisberger the other direction .
`` Everyone did what they were supposed to do , '' Haley said . `` We went into the game on the road against a good defense and a tough place to play . Punting was OK ] [ in that situation [ . ''
Finding Brown on that play would have resulted in a long touchdown , but the Steelers know they do n't need to air it out to win . They want yards after catch . Bell , for example , should raise his 5.8 yards per catch as he 's reaching full strength .
`` We do n't need to throw the ball 50 yards downfield all the time , '' Haley said . `` That 's something we stress . We have an accurate quarterback who puts the ball where it 's supposed to be most of the time in relationship to where they are running , and it gives people opportunities to make plays with their feet . ''
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation , Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model GO 1 . Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In ? Yes No 3 . Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information !
Amazon has announced an expansion to its Amazon Key app , which now includes an option for in-car delivery . This builds on top of in-home delivery and keyless guest access , two features that launched with Amazon Key . Prime members will have access to in-car delivery services via Amazon Key at no extra cost in 37 cities with more coming as the rollout continues .
Customers will be able to use in-car delivery services via the Amazon Key app and link it with their Amazon account to set it up with their connected car service account . Once setup is done and the delivery location has been added , you can opt for the “ in-car ” delivery option when you check out . During delivery day , the Amazon Key app will allow customers to see if they 've parked within range of their selected delivery location and notify the vehicle owner if the package is on the way or when the order has been delivered .
Since the launch of Amazon Key , the company has delivered “ everything from cameras to collectible coins inside the home. ” said Peter Larsen , vice president of delivery technology at Amazon , in a release . “ In-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the Amazon experience with them . And , with no additional hardware or device required , customers can start ordering in-car delivery today . ”
Vehicles compatible with in-car delivery via Amazon Key include 2015 or newer Chevrolet , Buick , Cadillac , and GMC vehicles with active OnStar service , and 2015 or newer Volvos with active On Call accounts . Amazon says it will add more vehicles over time . In order to keep vehicles safe , Amazon says it uses multiple layers of verification and requires that the authorized deliverer verifies that he or she is in the right location with the correct package through an authentication process . Delivery drivers are never provided with codes or keys directly—it all happens through the app . In-car deliveries are covered by Amazon 's Happiness Guarantee , meaning if your property or product is damaged as a result of the delivery , Amazon will work with you to make it right . Even still , we 're not sure how comfortable we 'd be granting a company access to our cars . But then again , we do like the idea of having our packages safe and sound in our car rather than sitting on our doorstep .
Source : Amazon
UNITED NATIONS , Jan 2 ( APP ) : The United Nations Security Council has denounced a terrorist attack at a night club in Istanbul on New Year Day during which at least 39 people were killed and at least 69 were injured .
“ The members of the Security Council condemn in the strongest terms the heinous and barbaric terrorist attack , ” a press statement issued said on Sunday .
The members also reiterated that “ any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable , regardless of their motivation , wherever , whenever and by whomsoever committed . ”
The Council members reaffirmed that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security , underlined the need to bring perpetrators , organizers , financiers and sponsors of these reprehensible acts of terrorism to justice and urged all States to cooperate actively with the Government of Turkey and all other relevant authorities in this regard .
They expressed their deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims and to the Government and wished a speedy and full recovery to those who were injured .
Joining the condemnation of the attack was the High Representative for the UN Alliance of Civilizations ( UNAOC ) , Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser .
“ The horrific attack which killed and injured dozens of innocent revelers is a despicable and an unjustifiable act regardless of the motivation , ” he said , extending his deepest sympathies to the families of the victims and to the people and the Government of Turkey .
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans have escalated their feud with Patagonia after the outdoor retailer told Americans that President Trump “ stole your land ” in his move to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments .
The dispute pitting the GOP against a private company raised questions about use of taxpayer resources for political criticism and whether Republicans are trying to curtail Patagonia sales weeks before the Christmas holiday .
On the day of Trump 's announcement about the monuments last week , the California-based retailer replaced its usual home page with a black screen and stark message : “ The President Stole Your Land. ” Patagonia filed suit to block the planned reduction to Utah 's Bears Ears National Monument .
In a tweet , the House Natural Resources Committee said Patagonia is “ lying ” and making the allegation about Trump 's plan “ to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco . ”
The Republican-led committee also sent out a widely distributed email with the subject line : “ Patagonia : do n't buy it . ”
A committee spokesman said Monday the email was not urging a boycott of Patagonia but rather was telling consumers , “ Do n't buy the lies ” about Trump 's plan .
“ We 're just telling Patagonia : Stop selling a false narrative , ” said Parish Braden , a spokesman for the committee .
Patagonia 's lawsuit , filed in conjunction with a rock climbing advocacy group and other organizations , is among a flurry of lawsuits that have been filed over Trump 's move to reduce the size of Bears Ears by nearly 85 % and cut in half the land protected in Utah 's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument .
The company said it spent years supporting groups creating other national monuments and directly lobbied for protections at Bears Ears .
Zinke accused Patagonia of lying about Trump 's actions and retweeted the committee post on his official account .
In response , former government ethics chief Walter Shaub launched a tweet storm , saying Zinke “ misused his official position by re-tweeting this wildly inappropriate tweet . ”
The committee may have violated House rules against advertising for or against a private individual , firm or corporation , Shaub said .
“ The federal govt officially and publicly calling a company a liar for political reasons is a bizarre and dangerous departure from civic norms . It 's also decidedly anti-free market , ” he tweeted .
The confrontation could be paying off for Patagonia . Teresa Courage , a former Utah resident who now lives in New York , said on the company 's Facebook page that she did all her Christmas shopping at Patagonia because of its politics .
“ It speaks to me about its integrity , ” she told the Associated Press . “ They 're not just following the money . ”
A high-level policy conference , which is addressing ways tackle plastic pollution in Rwanda , decided to practice what it preached and refused to provide disposable plastic water bottles .
Delegates were instead provided glasses and jugs of water .
“ The world is changing and we need to change with it . Refusing single-use plastic is possible if we work together , ” Vincent Biruta , Minister of Environment , told Rwanda 's New Times newspaper .
“ Why should one use a straw to drink juice in a glass ? We should abandon such habits which contribute to plastic pollution in Rwanda . ”
Rwanda banned plastic bags in 2008 . Rwandans can be fined , jailed or forced to make public confessions if caught with non-biodegradable polythene bags .
Deputy Mt . Pleasant Fire Chief Mike Mixon will become the new fire chief this summer . ( Source : Mount Pleasant Fire )
Mount Pleasant Fire officials have confirmed they have found a new fire chief .
Deputy Fire Chief Mike Mixon will be promoted to fire chief of the Mount Pleasant Fire Department , fire officials have confirmed .
On Friday afternoon , Mixon released the following statement about his new role :
In my 21 years in the fire service , I have been blessed with the opportunity to serve under amazing leadership that have paved my path . I am incredibly honored to be able to serve my community in this new capacity as Fire Chief and look forward to collaborating with the men and women of this Department to serve the citizens of Mount Pleasant in innovative and gainful ways . I thank Mayor Will Haynie , Town Council , Town Administrator Eric DeMoura , and Fire Chief Herb Williams for their vote of confidence in appointing me to this role .
Earlier this month , current Mount Pleasant Fire Chief Herbert Williams announced his retirement after 30 years with the department . Williams oversaw the town 's fire department during a tremendous time of growth that included a re-invention of the fire department in 2015 when it added medical response vehicles to its fleet of fire trucks .
Mixon will become chief when Williams retires on June 8 .
Copyright 2018 WCSC . All rights reserved .
India is `` open and flexible '' on negotiating terms with Apple for making iPhones in the country , Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has said , asserting that the tech titan `` will not be a loser '' if it opts to do so in Asia 's third-biggest economy .
In an interview to PTI , the IT minister said : `` We are in the process of serious engagement with Apple . Let us await their response . I can only tell you , Apple will not be a loser in India ( because of the opportunities it presents ) ... but let us wait for the formal proposal . ''
He exuded confidence that India offers a massive domestic market and export potential for smartphone companies .
He asserted however that incentives can not be doled out to one player , to the detriment of another .
`` Naturally , incentive can not be in a manner that dislocates the current players . But we are open and flexible in case of Apple , what they bring to the table , '' Prasad said .
India is not just a large consumer market but can also serve as a strong export hub for global mobile phone makers like Apple , he said , adding that the government is engaged in discussions with the US-based firm on the issue . Apple did not respond to an email seeking comments .
Smartphone makers are looking to boost business in India – a country of 1.3 billion people – as sales in other large markets like the US and China are stagnated . India is the second largest market globally after China in overall mobile subscriber base , and had 1.18 billion users at the end of March 2018 .
The explosion in mobile usage has been fueled by low tariffs , liberal data allowances and intense competition .
Apple does not make devices itself and partners with contract manufacturers to handle the capital-intensive demands of building factories and hiring staff . All Apple devices available in India are imported , except for the iPhone SE that is assembled by Wistron in the country .
Asked if Apple will be given special incentives to expand local manufacturing , Prasad said : `` That is a matter of negotiation '' .
Prasad said the government is also working on finalising the new electronics policy , with a sub-segment on export-oriented initiatives .
`` The idea is to make India a big hub of electronics manufacturing to serve domestic as well as outside markets , '' Prasad said .
In January , senior officials of the iPhone maker had met Commerce and Industry Minister Suresh Prabhu .
Apple has sought concessions including duty exemption on manufacturing and repair units , components , capital equipment and consumables for smartphone manufacturing as well as service/repair for a period of 15 years . It also wanted a reduction in customs duties on completely-knocked-down and semi-knocked-down units of devices that are to be assembled in the country .
Apple is extremely bullish on India and plans to launch all its initiatives , including retail , its chief executive Tim Cook had said earlier this month .
While he acknowledged that Apple has an `` extremely low '' overall market share in India , Cook said the company is `` putting a lot of energy '' in the country .
Who remembers an Under-19 Indian team that has lost ?
If you are n't a cricket nerd , you probably wo n't be able to name the squad that surrendered in the final of 2006 . Or the team of 2014 that lost to England in the quarter-final . They may as well have been nameless , so cruel are our memories . And yet we remember that Yuvraj Singh won the cup in 2000 , Virat Kohli did in 2008 , and Unmukt Chand did in 2012 .
On a chilly Saturday night in Tauranga , another 15 Indians etched themselves into memory by winning the Under-19 World Cup , circa 2018 .
India and Australia were tied at three titles each till Saturday , but in no way were these two teams equal . Despite the advantage of batting first , Australia were totally outmatched . There were periods where they seemed to be in the game ; for instance , when they raced to 46 for 1 in nine overs . Opener jack Edwards had raced to 25 off 27 , and was showing exactly how good the Bay Oval wicket was for batting .
The cloud cover that made it look like a good toss to lose was studiously ignoring the ball . No swing , hardly any seam , and pace that was being directed by the batters when misdirected by the bowlers .
Later in the game , Australia had another strong period — a partnership of 75 for the fourth wicket , with Jonathan Merlo toying with the Indian spinners . He and Param Uppal seemed to have set a base from which Australia could touch 250 .
But in a tournament that had put the spotlight on India 's big names , it were the unsung heroes who controlled the big moments .
First Ishan Porel took wickets with the new ball , with a spell of 5-1-22-2 . Bowling a couple of yards slower than he did before his injury , he craftily stuck to his strength : the extra bounce his 6 ' 3 '' frame usually obtains . He got Edwards with one that climbed on him , forcing him to hit uppishly into the hands of cover . Porel had been passed over in the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) auction , his injury costing him important games . He admitted to being ‘ shattered ' at the time , but did not allow the price tags of his fellow bowlers to distract him from the team 's goals .
Later , Shiva Singh showed why he is always the first spinner Prithvi Shaw turns to . In a match where the run rate rarely dipped below 4.5 , Shiva bowled a spell of 5-1-22-0 , conceding no boundaries , and bringing India back into the game after Australia 's brisk start . Shiva later reaped the rewards of economy , picking up two wickets in his second spell , and effecting a run out .
Shaw 's tactical skills , which had hardly been required so far , were also on display . With Merlo and McSweeney paddle sweeping the spinners , Shaw employed a short fine leg as well as a short square leg , using his best fielders there . It increased the risk while dangling the unprotected boundary as a reward . The field forced the batters to change plans , and drew their wickets soon after ; McSweeney edged a return catch , and Merlo tried to switch-hit over the off side , only finding deep cover .
All the pre-match talk was about India 's two best batters , Shaw and Shubman Gill . Both played brief but attractive innings , but it was the lesser known Manjot Kalra who shattered Australian hopes . Moderate totals can be extremely tricky to chase down , not least in World Cup finals , with history on the line . Also , much had been made of his technique , about how his back leg moves towards leg , creating vulnerability outside off .
Kalra did n't seem to think so . His driving in the V was textbook , whether along the ground or in the air . He targeted leg-spinner Lloyd Pope , taking two sixes off him , ensuring that Pope 's quarter-final heroics would not reappear . A deserved hundred made him only the fifth player to ton up in the final in the history of the tournament .
The winning runs prompted the players running in to celebrate the win , with Shaw effecting a celebration inspired by the PlayStation game FIFA 2018 , witnessed by a crowd of more than 3,700 .
The mountain that sits at the north end of the Bay Oval has an old Maori legend tied to it . It is said that it was first called the 'Nameless One ' . Lonely , it left its inland home and sought to drown itself in the sea . But mountains could only move once in their lifetime , and only at night . The 'Nameless One ' got to the shore , but then it froze there as the sun came up . Thus it earned its name 'Mauao ' , meaning ‘ caught by the morning sun ' .
As the morning after the final dawns , none of the Indian players who took the field in Tauranga will be nameless . None will be forgotten . Their domination has ensured exactly that . And in time , a few of them may end up becoming cricketing mountains themselves . Maybe , even legends .
The author is a former India cricketer , and now a freelance journalist and broadcaster . She hosts the YouTube Channel , ‘ Cricket With Snehal ' , and tweets @ SnehalPradhan
By : Derrick Broze , Activist Post |
The controversial organization Defense Distributed just made it easier to 3D print untraceable handguns .
On October 1 , Cody Wilson and Defense Distributed began selling two of the most common handgun “ 80 percent ” receivers . In addition to selling a $ 1,200 computer-numerically-controlled ( CNC ) mill which can complete unfinished lower receivers for AR-15 semi-auto rifles , Defense Distributed will now sell unfinished receivers for Glocks and single-stack M1911s .
Using Defense Distributed 's mill , known as the Ghost Gunner , anyone with $ 1,200 and some basic milling knowledge can create the lower receiver of an AR-15 rifle . The term “ ghost guns ” was first popularized by gun control advocates because the weapons do not have a serial number and are thus untraceable . Wilson and Defense Distributed have since re-claimed the term in a sort of send-up to the U.S. government , which the company is still fighting over the alleged violations of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations .
“ It 's a certain type of person who builds and enjoys an AR-15—that 's a lot of gun , and most people do n't feel the need to have a big ol ' battle rifle , ” Wilson told ArsTechnica . “ But we believe lots of people are interested in the conversation about an untraceable , concealable handgun . It 's been on the roadmap the whole time for this project . It 's just always been a question of how we get there , and it ended up being very , very difficult—kinda like the brass ring of the project , if you will . ”
“ Just like the ARs and stuff , you 're making the identical item that you would otherwise handle , purchase , and fire—so it feels identical , ” Wilson notes . “ These are real guns . ”
Wilson is a former University of Texas School of Law student who gained notoriety in the tech world for his involvement in a series of controversial digital projects , including Dark Wallet , an application to make bitcoin transactions anonymous and untraceable , and his efforts to spread firearms blueprints to the public via downloadable files . In January , Wired named Wilson one of the “ most dangerous people on the Internet right now , ” putting him in league with Edward Snowden , the National Security Agency and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un .
In May 2013 , Defense Distributed released a video of Wilson firing the world 's first fully 3D printable firearm , the 16-piece Liberator .380 single shot pistol . They also released the 3D printable files to the Internet . Within days the State Department demanded that the files be removed from public access , citing a violation of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations . Defense Distributed complied , though Wilson admitted to Forbes that removing all relevant data from public access “ might be an impossible standard . ”
With the release of the new lower receivers , advocates of gun ownership and privacy have achieved a victory . The government could not stop the spread of these weapons or this technology if it tried . It will eventually try and the Cody Wilsons of the world will do everything they can to break past the barriers set by the State . Obviously , individuals with ill intent could make use of this tech , just as the privacy advocate who wants to protect her family might make use of it . We can not allow fear of bad men using these weapons drive us to support attempts at banning or restricting access . Tyrants want the people in fear and without a means for defense . Do n't fall prey to the manipulation and fear porn .
Derrick Broze is an investigative journalist and liberty activist . He is the Lead Investigative Reporter forActivistPost.com and the founder of the TheConsciousResistance.com . Follow him on Twitter . Derrick is the author of three books : The Conscious Resistance : Reflections on Anarchy and Spirituality and Finding Freedom in an Age of Confusion , Vol . 1 and Finding Freedom in an Age of Confusion , Vol . 2
Submit your review 1 2 3 4 5 Check this box to confirm you are human . Submit Cancel Create your own review New Ghost Gun Update Allows 3D Printing of Untraceable Handgun Average rating : 0 reviews
“ You think about the legacy of great black stars who played here like Joe Carter , my dear friend Dave Stewart , Lloyd Moseby , all the guys that were great Blue Jays , ” he said . “ And then you think about the role of the African-American ballplayer , and we 've started to see these numbers just dwindle . ”
From the 1993 World Series hero to former Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston and more , Toronto has a rich history when it comes to African-American game-changers in the sport , the museum 's current president , Bob Kendrick , reminisced this week .
Carter — well , you know what he did for baseball in this city .
O'Neil was a first baseman and manager in the Negro Leagues and the first African-American coach in Major League Baseball , whose name became synonymous with Black baseball after he helped found , and presided over , the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City . He was instrumental in signing Joe Carter with the Chicago Cubs in the 1980s .
Kendrick , in town for speaking engagements in a series run by Homestand Sports , was dismayed to learn African Americans made up just seven per cent of MLB 's opening day rosters in 2017 — 62 players in all and the lowest percentage since 1958 , according to a study by USA Today Sports .
According to a study by the Society for American Baseball Research , dwindling numbers in the big leagues are not new , despite the sport 's overall diversity . The peak was 1981 , when 18.7 per cent of the total number who appeared in the majors were African American .
Baseball , Kendrick said , used to be a blue-collar sport . Now he calls it a country-club sport , with organized leagues and travelling teams that have priced a lot of people out of the game .
Unlike football and basketball , full-ride scholarships to play college baseball — even with a Division I program — are rare , Kendrick said . Parents , particularly in single-family homes , steer their kids toward the games where they have the best chance to get a college education paid for .
“ We 've got to figure out some things along those lines , ” Kendrick said . “ The thing that you love about baseball is its tradition . The thing that has hindered baseball is its tradition . The other sports have just simply out-marketed baseball , because baseball did n't want anybody to be bigger than the team . . . the Negro Leagues marketed its stars . It was Satchel Paige and the Kansas City Monarchs : ‘ Come see the great Satchel Paige . Oh , and by the way you can see the Monarchs , too . ' ”
In Kansas City , the Royals are trying to help change those numbers , with full support for the museum . In the famed 18th and Vine District , right down the street from the shrine , now sits a state-of-the-art 40,000-square-foot training facility as well as four baseball fields — dubbed the Kansas City Urban Youth Academy . Set to officially open this summer , it provides free year-round baseball and softball training , as well as a host of off-field programs and tutoring .
“ What we 've been able to effectively do now is taken away that economic barrier that might have prevented some kids from having an opportunity to play this game , ” Kendrick said .
He 's optimistic the needle will shift for American-born Black players , but preaches patience . It takes time for draft picks such as last year 's No . 1 and 2 selections , Royce Lewis and Hunter Greene , to crack the big leagues .
“ It 's going to happen , but it 's going to take time , ” Kendrick said . “ ( Breaking the colour barrier in baseball ) did n't happen overnight and the remedy 's not going to occur overnight . ”
Having the museum just up the street from the facility is important , Kendrick added before discussing what he calls the “ jaw-dropping ” hate that is damaging the United States — something the native of Georgia thought the country was moving past . And baseball is no exception .
This past May , days before he made a donation to the Negro Leagues museum , Baltimore Orioles centre fielder Adam Jones was the target of racist chants during a game against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park . Jones called it one of the worst cases of fan abuse he had ever heard .
“ The incident that occurred with Adam Jones there in Boston , in black and white , that 's Jackie Robinson all over again , ” Kendrick said . “ We thought we had moved beyond that . It seems as if this was lying dormant and waiting to come back out . ”
The abuse Jones was subjected to gave Kendrick a platform for what he calls a much broader , necessary discussion , as he works to draw parallels between what the history within the museum represents and how it 's relevant today . He believes the shrine , which details Robinson breaking into the big leagues before Brown vs . The Board of Education ( the landmark Supreme Court case that declared segregated schools unconstitutional , before Rosa Parks refused to move to the back of the bus ) , is the perfect place to have those conversations . It showcases the impact a sport can have on society .
“ They 're not easy conversations to have , but they are necessary conversations if we are going to move beyond some of those social ills that have so greatly impacted the United States . ”
A stream of protesters spanning blocks in Manhattan converged on Trump Tower on Monday afternoon as President Trump prepared to stay overnight in the city for the first time since he took office .
Shouting `` No Trump , no KKK , no fascist USA , '' thousands of protesters jammed sidewalks along Fifth Avenue in advance of Trump 's arrival from Washington .
During a brief visit back to the White House , which is undergoing renovations while he vacations at his golf resort in New Jersey , Trump took a firmer stand on the white supremacist violence that wracked Charlottesville , Va. , over the weekend .
“ Racism is evil , ” he said , calling hate groups “ repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ”
Yet for many of the protesters , Trump 's remarks were too late , overshadowed by his statement on Saturday that `` many sides '' were responsible for the Charlottesville violence and his initial failure to name white supremacist groups as aggressors .
Bearing signs with slogans like `` White silence is violence '' and `` Too little , too late , '' the crowd took aim at the president as a divisive figure .
For several protesters , Trump 's visit to his hometown provided an opportunity to vent long-standing frustrations .
`` I have been grieving for almost a year , '' said Janice Erlbaum , 48 , of New York , who held up a `` This Jew Will Replace You '' sign , a response to the `` Jew will not replace us '' chant heard during the neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville .
`` Honestly this is the only thing that makes me feel better , '' she said .
For Marvin Knight , 74 , of Brooklyn , the presidential visit meant a chance to confront Trump at home .
`` Once he came to New York , I knew I was coming , '' he said . His one message for the president : `` Resign . ''
Taylor Almazar , 15 , of Queens decided to protest after watching the Charlottesville violence over the weekend .
She had never protested before , she said , but felt that Trump 's election had made prejudice more acceptable , even in her own life . Posters for an LGBT club in her school were recently torn down , she said .
`` We need to bring out peace instead of hatred , '' she said . `` This city should be filled with peace . ''
As they have during other events , police converted the blocks surrounding Trump Tower into a security zone , with pedestrians funneled through a network of metal gates . A series of dump trucks filled with sand provided a moveable barrier in front of the tower 's entrance .
Trump Tower has become a focal point for activism since Trump 's election and a symbol of the president 's businesses , with the golden-hued entrance framed by logos for Trump Ice Cream , the Trump Store and Trump Grill . The heavy security has been a source of consternation to New Yorkers working and commuting in the already-congested city center .
The building also remains an object of curiosity for tourists and passersby , who snap photos , sometimes with thumbs up , sometimes with middle fingers extended at the president whose name gleams over Fifth Avenue in gold block letters .
For some protesters , there was unavoidable symbolism in the president in the tall tower .
`` They try to make you look isolated and crazy , '' said Judith Cuttler of New York , gesturing to the crowd . `` But we 're the majority . ''
Jonny Bairstow accepts that accusations of poor behaviour by England players have dented their trustworthiness in the eyes of fans but believes the team can rectify that by winning the third Ashes Test .
England need to at least draw the Test in Perth to stay alive in the five-match series after they lost the first game in Brisbane by 10 wickets and the second in Adelaide by 120 runs .
Off-the field incidents over the last few months , however , have also dogged the team and blighted the team 's image .
Already missing all-rounder Ben Stokes pending the outcome of a police investigation into an incident in Bristol in September , Bairstow was accused of ‘ headbutting ' Australia 's Cameron Bancroft in a Perth bar early in the tour .
Ben Duckett , who was part of the England Lions side also in Australia , was then stood down after he poured a drink over a teammate -- reported to be bowler James Anderson -- in the same Perth bar ahead of a warm-up game before the third Test .
“ There are things that have been blown up , ” the wicketkeeper told British media ahead of the third Test .
” That is part and parcel of it and we need to rebuild the trust we have built over the last few years as a team .
” It 's taken a bit of a hit , but it 's our job and our duty to rebuild that trust and faith within the England cricket team .
“ That starts on Thursday . You rebuild it by winning games of cricket . ”
Bairstow , however , said the team 's focus was now on ensuring they retained the Ashes .
“ As a group of players , those things have been addressed and we need to move forward , ” he said .
” As players we get back into training , and that is at the forefront of our mind .
” We 've got three matches to go and we 've got to win three Test matches . That is the challenge we 're faced with .
“ There is no reason why we ca n't do that for the rest of the series . ”
BottleRock Napa Valley returns next May 25th through 27th featuring the best in live music , wine , food , and craft brew .
Be the first to score 3-day tickets at the special holiday pre-sale December 12th at 10:00 AM .
Visit bottlerocknapavalley.com .
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - A Toronto police officer who refused to shoot the man suspected of plowing a van into crowds of pedestrians on Monday , killing 10 people , was praised for restraint in the face of a suspect who claimed to have a gun .
Video footage showed the police officer staring down the suspect at gunpoint in the middle of a street , while the man pointed what appeared to be a gun and shouted `` Kill me . '' The video , obtained by CBC News , showed the suspect repeatedly pulling an object from his side and aiming at police .
The arrest was praised as a welcome example of police restraint in the midst of chaos , coming just minutes after a white rental van plowed into a lunchtime crowd in north Toronto , killing 10 people and injuring 15 in one of the most violent incidents in Canadian history .
As the suspect shouted `` Kill me , '' the officer replied , `` No , get down . '' When the suspect said , `` I have a gun in my pocket , '' the officer responded : `` I do n't care . Get down . ''
Toronto police identified the man arrested as Alek Minassian , 25 , of Richmond Hill , a neighbourhood close to Toronto .
`` It 's quite apparent that the suspect was trying to be executed . He was really looking for 'suicide-by-cop , ' '' Gary Clement , a retired Royal Canadian Mounted Police superintendent with 34 years experience of policing , told Reuters .
The Toronto Police Service declined to name the officer involved in the stand-off , but Clement said he appeared to be a `` very seasoned and mature officer . ''
`` I would say this individual met the right police officer , '' Clement said . `` Nobody knows how they 're going to react . In this situation a lot of it comes down to muscle memory . This guy reacted in a very mature manner . ''
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said the officer 's behaviour reflected the `` high caliber of training that takes place .
`` They are taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation , '' he said .
It helped that the officer had a clear view of the suspect , who was out of the van and pacing between the sidewalk and the arresting officer , Clement said .
The non-violent end to the standoff won plaudits on social media .
`` Wow , at how these Canadian cops brought in this suspected killer , '' said Twitter user Stuart A. Thompson in a posting .
Police in the United States have been criticized for being too quick to pull the trigger after a series of high-profile police shootings and deaths of suspects during arrest .
Witnesses in Toronto expressed horror at the murders .
Young Lee , a 56-year-old attorney , looked out his third-floor office window on Yonge Street and was shocked to see medics attempting to resuscitate two of the victims .
`` I 've never seen violence like this here in Toronto , '' Lee said . `` I felt a mix of rage and a lot of sympathy for the victims . ''
( Reporting by Matt Scuffham ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Jump to a Region
© 2017 Global News , a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News . All rights reserved .
Bugatti Gives us a Tour of its Incredible Atelier In Molsheim
French luxury automaker Bugatti is well aware everyone is keeping an eye on its series production of the ravishing Bugatti Chiron . That 's why they 've decided to give us a quick glimpse of what 's happening inside the company 's amazing atelier in Molsheim , Alsace , where 12 super sports cars are currently being engineered , with 58 others set to be produced by the end of the year .
Just 20 employees work in this wonderful production facility , assembling the world 's most powerful , fastest , most luxurious super sports car . Designed by the renowned architect Professor Gunter Henn , the Bugatti Atelier has a floor space of more than 1,000 square meters , boasting with automotive magic .
One of the cleanest and most advanced production facilities we 've ever seen , this is the place where every Chiron takes up to nine months to complete , with every little detail being individually checked for quality . The most exclusive production super sports car is completely hand-built and it 's subject to the stringent quality controls , with a team of Bugatti executives handing it over to the owner upon approval .
But there 's more to be experienced than just gawking at these incredible photos . It seems that some lucky customers are welcomed to enjoy a very special tour of the factory , behind the scenes , where the French supercar maker hides some very interesting secrets and innovative techniques . Someone 's day just got a whole lot better .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Residents and business owners in the south end of Barrie can expect some relief from traffic congestion in the coming years .
Barrie Mayor Jeff Lehman , along with city councillors and project planners , posed for a photo op at the end of Harvie Road in the city 's south end , to mark the official groundbreaking for a long-awaited construction project .
Currently , the dead end of Harvie Road looks onto Highway 400 , but in two years , the site will be a bridge which will allow drivers to cross over Highway 400 to Big Bay Point Road .
Lehman says while it has been a long road to get to this point , the development is very important , and much needed .
“ This is a very , very significant day for anybody who tries to get around the south end of Barrie . That includes our businesses in this area , and of course the many , many residents who will ultimately benefit from this project , ” he said .
Currently , there is no mid-block crossing in Barrie between the Mapleview and Essa interchanges . Due to the lack of crossing , the south end of the city has been suffering from major traffic congestion for many years .
Lehman says the crossing will not only alleviate congestion for residents but will make it easier to get to the industrial area of Barrie .
“ It 's so important because the south end is our industrial area , the primary industrial area of the city . There are many , many companies who need to get their goods out to market and get their supplies into their company , and through the interchanges through the roads in this area , and the congestion … in the last … 20 years — particularly at Mapleview and the 400 — has been an inhibition to the businesses and their growth , ” Lehman said .
READ MORE : New Barrie YMCA could be coming soon as council approves land deal
In terms of how this crossing will be funded , Lehman says as with all road-related projects , the money comes from development charges as well as taxpayers . “ There 's a formula , and the funding is split between those two , ” he said .
Lehman says work on this project actually began several months ago , with planning and very initial steps occurring back in March . However , residents will see more active construction beginning in the next few weeks .
Lehman says the city is not anticipating any delays on Highway 400 as a result of the work .
“ One of the nice things about building a bridge for roads that are n't a connection today , is that you 're not causing any disruption to any existing traffic because there is n't any . ”
According to Lehman , the majority of the overhead work will be done overnight , to minimize disruptions . “ We do n't anticipate this is really going to mess up the highway much at all , there will be a few lane restrictions in the middle of the night kind of thing but hopefully that 's it . ”
Major construction of the bridge pieces is scheduled to begin later this year . Overall , the project is expected to take two years , and should be open by fall of 2020 .
Chennai : Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said her ministry would offer its assistance whenever necessary to rescue the 1,500 Kailash Mansarovar pilgrims stranded in Nepal .
Two Indian pilgrims undertaking the Kailash Mansarovar yatra had died while over 1,500 others are stranded in mountainous regions of Nepal due to inclement weather .
The External Affairs Ministry is working to rescue the pilgrims as soon as possible , she told reporters at the Chennai Airport .
`` The Defence ministry will also offer its support whenever necessary , '' the Union minister said .
Sitharaman was in the city to take part in the 90th birth anniversary celebrations of Carnatic musician late Madras Lalitangi Vasanthakumari held on Tuesday .
The pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar in Tibetan region of China is considered holy by Hindus , Buddhists and Jains . Every year , hundreds of Indians undertake the 'yatra ' which involves trekking under inhospitable conditions .
The Tamil Nadu government had on Tuesday announced setting up of a control room in New Delhi to provide logistic support for pilgrims of Kailash Mansarovar yatra from the state , stranded in Nepal due to inclement weather once they arrive in the national capital .
The control room , manned by five officials , will be functioning in the Tamil Nadu House and can be reached at 011-21610285 and 011-21610286 , an official release said .
According to state government sources in Delhi , around 19 people from Tamil Nadu are among the over 1,500 Indian pilgrims stranded in mountainous region in Nepal near Tibet due to bad weather .
Telegram , a Moscow-based secure messaging app , has been popular in Russia for a number of months now . Well , at least until April , where the app got in trouble for refusing to share its encryption keys with Russia 's Federal Security Service .
Following a court ruling that actually banned the app from Russia until it provided said keys , the country went on to block 50 VPN services in order to stop people from accessing the App .
Regardless of the country 's attempts , Russians are still accessing the app : and now Apple is being asked to step in .
Addressing California 's housing affordability crisis is the next priority of Assembly Democrats , nine lawmakers said at a Monday press conference at a downtown Sacramento low-income housing complex .
Assemblyman David Chiu ( D-San Francisco ) said that after legislators passed a major transportation funding package earlier this month , housing was the state 's most significant unresolved issue .
“ Like transportation , we need to put our money where our mouth is , ” Chiu said .
But any major housing effort faces substantial hurdles in terms of prioritization and garnering support necessary for passage .
Housing might not really be next
Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon ( D-Paramount ) joined Chiu and his colleagues at the press conference . But afterward Rendon did n't commit to putting housing issues ahead of re-authorizing the state 's main financial program to combat climate change , another major priority on legislative Democrats ' docket .
“ I 'm saying housing is next because these bills are coming to committee now , ” Rendon said . “ But obviously a lot of this stuff runs concurrently . For now , our focus is on housing . ”
Housing might not get addressed in upcoming budget negotiations
Last year , Assembly Democrats asked for more than $ 1 billion in low-income housing spending as part of budget talks . Gov . Jerry Brown whittled that number down to $ 400 million that would only be allocated if the Legislature agreed to his plan to loosen local rules for approving developments that included low-income housing . Lawmakers balked under intense pushback from labor and environmental groups , among others , and a deal never happened .
Rendon said he did n't know if Assembly members would make a similar request to fund housing during this year 's budget talks , which begin in earnest next month .
“ The conversations were n't very fruitful last year , ” Rendon said . “ If there are different conditions we 're certainly open to having those conversations . ”
Lawmakers could face many votes to increase taxes
The transportation package passed by the Legislature included a 12-cent increase in the gasoline tax , many other fee hikes and squeaked through the necessary two-thirds supermajority without a vote to spare .
Brown is aiming for another two-thirds vote to extend the state 's cap-and-trade program , which charges businesses to pollute in an effort to fight climate change . Political observers already believe the transportation vote makes it harder to get another one for the environment .
Housing measures , including Chiu 's bid to end the state 's mortgage interest deduction on second , vacation homes and spend that money on low-income housing instead , also require a two-thirds supermajority . Rendon said he believed his colleagues could sign off on a two-thirds vote for housing as well .
“ I hope so , ” he said . “ It 's important . It 's a caucus priority for sure . ”
Starbucks ' Unicorn Frappuccino definitely sounds mythical , but a growing body of evidence suggests that the buzzed-about beverage will be in stores on or around 19 April 2017 .
Initial rumors about Starbucks ' Unicorn Frappuccino emerged on Reddit , where some confused baristas shared photographs of incoming stock they did n't recognize . On 12 April 2017 one such post appeared on r/Starbucks , where a user and ostensible Starbucks employee queried fellow workers about an unusual new shipment of pink powder :
One day later reports emerged of additional components appearing in stores , although the launch date for Starbucks Unicorn “ Frapps ” was not clear :
On the same day , another user started a thread including a photograph of a bright pink beverage :
Rumors about the new drink circulated on Instagram , Twitter , and Facebook as well , but some of the early posts disappeared for unknown reasons :
As of 17 April 2017 we found no official confirmation from Starbucks about the drink , but a Kotaku writer and Starbucks barista 's husband reviewed the new offering that day :
What is a Unicorn Frappuccino ? Looking at the drink without foreknowledge , one could not be blamed for thinking it some sort of berry concoction . But that pinkish-purple is no better flavor . It 's mango , colored with some sort of powder . The whipped cream up top is dusted with sparkly sprinkles of intensely sour sugar , and the blue stuff in the cup is actual unicorn semen … It 's actually a combination of white mocha syrup , one of the sweetest syrups known to barristae , simple syrup , while is basically more sugar , and a packet of powder that 's mixed with the two to make something bold , blue and painfully sour .
The review concluded that Starbucks ' Unicorn Frappuccino “ tastes nothing like unicorn , ” and included a photograph of a purple-pink and blue concoction . Notably , the drink is not expected to contain any coffee . Asked on initial rumors of the Starbucks menu addition , a company representative told Mashable that it was “ still working [ its ] Frappuccino magic and do n't have any details to share at this time . ”
Tribeca Film Festival Review : “ Slut in a Good Way ”
BY RANIA RICHARSON | Teenagers experience love , sex , longing , and heartbreak outside the gaze of adults in “ Slut in a Good Way ” — a Canadian romantic comedy written by Catherine Léger and directed by Sophie Lorain .
With parents , teachers , and bosses absent from the story , the focus is on the adolescent mindset , along with the impetuous behavior and acute emotions that characterize their world . Set in a small town in Quebec , the French language film features an endearing cast of high schoolers who become entangled in misunderstandings as they pursue the opposite sex .
Black and white cinematography enhances the fable-like tale . A sense of timelessness is heightened with old footage of diva Maria Callas singing “ L'amour est un oiseau rebelle ” ( “ Love is a rebellious bird ” ) , from the opera , “ Carmen . ”
The original title , “ Charlotte a du Fun , ” translates into “ Charlotte Has Fun , ” and the drama revolves around her quest for fulfillment . Recovering from a broken heart , Charlotte ( Marguerite Bouchard ) , a confident top student , is ready to live life to the fullest — until harsh judgment brings out her self-doubt .
After she and two girlfriends see a number of appealing boys working at the Toy Depot , they decide to apply for part-time jobs during the holiday season . The big box store , navigated by skateboard , is a striking space that 's perfect for flirting in the course of a workday . Floor to ceiling shelves are filled with children 's products , such as oversized stuffed animals , that make it a playful environment .
Charlotte begins her new life with liberated exuberance , becoming intimate with a number of boys . Meanwhile , Aube ( Rose Adam ) the naïve romantic of the three , is unable to convince the others that she has achieved the key milestone — losing her virginity . She develops a crush on a boy whose intentions may be opportunistic and who , painfully , was one of Charlotte 's conquests .
In contrast , Mégane ( Romane Denis ) is a rebel and contrarian with a cynical view of love and an opinion at every turn . Despite their ups and downs , the three maintain a strong bond of adolescent friendship as they scrutinize items at a sex shop , get drunk on beer in the park , and walk through a minefield of potential boyfriends .
Some of the teens appear years younger than their apparent ages , particularly Charlotte , a 17-year-old in the story . Canada 's age of consent — when a young person can legally agree to sexual activity — is 16 years . ( In the US , the age of consent varies by state from 16 to 18 , and around the world , it ranges from puberty to marriage . )
A Halloween party reveals the personalities of the three friends — energetic Charlotte is a hockey player , feminine Aub is Wonder Woman , and politically minded Mégane comes as Che Guevara . Despite the sexually open milieu , Charlotte is horrified to learn that the boys have been bragging about sleeping with her and that she has developed a bad reputation , even with other females . The unfair double standard still exists , and she asks , “ Am I a slut in a good way , or am I a slut in a bad way ? ”
This leads to an audacious idea that takes the charity collection jars by the store 's cash registers to a new level . She decides to raise money to promote abstinence , and she convinces her friends to join her in a vow of chastity . When the end of the holiday season arrives , the clash of the sexes is resolved at the celebratory Christmas party .
With humor and originality , “ Slut in a Good Way ” gets right into the hearts and minds of teenagers , in an authentic , contemporary style .
Sun. , 4/22 , 8pm at Regal Cinemas Battery Park ( 102 North End Ave. , at Vesey St. ) , Mon. , 4/23 , 9pm at Regal , and Wed. , 4/25 , 4:15pm at Cinépolis Chelsea ( 260 W. 23rd St. , btw . Seventh & Eighth Aves. ) . For tickets and more info , visit tribecafilm.com/festival . To order by phone , call 646-502-5296 ( $ 23 , evening/weekend ; $ 12 , matinee ; service fees apply for web and phone orders ) .
It is with great sadness that the family of Kenneth George Sanders Jr. of Golden Eagle announces his passing Monday , May 28 , 2018 , at the age of 69 .
A funeral service in memory of Ken will be 10 a.m. to noon Friday , June 1 , at Hanks-Gress Funeral Home , 145 Community Ave. in Brussels . A gathering at Kinder 's Restaurant in Golden Eagle will follow immediately after the service . All are welcome .
Brad Pitt , Quentin Tarantino , and Leo DiCaprio
For a film that has n't even begun production , Quentin Tarantino 's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood already has an immense amount of hype , and a lot of it is due to Tarantino himself .
Appearing at CinemaCon in Las Vegas on Monday night , the director likened his Charles Manson-inspired film as “ the closest to Pulp Fiction that I have done. ” He also said the film 's lead actors , Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt , make for “ the most exciting star dynamic since Paul Newman and Robert Redford , ” according to The Hollywood Reporter .
DiCaprio , who appeared alongside Tarantino , echoed the director 's sentiments . “ It 's hard to speak about a film that we have n't done yet , but I 'm incredibly excited… to work with Brad Pitt , and I think [ Tarantino 's ] going to transport us . I 'm a huge fan of Singin ' in the Rain — movies about Hollywood . As an L.A. native , having read the script , it 's one of the most amazing screenplays he 's ever written , which is saying a lot , because he 's written some of the masterworks in cinema history . We are going to do our best job to make it fantastic . ”
Despite these sweeping proclamations , Tarantino opted to keep the film 's plot close to the vest , saying only : “ It 's very hush-hush and top secret . But I can tell you that Once Upon a Time in Hollywood takes place in 1969 , at the height of the counterculture hippie revolution and the height of new Hollywood . Street by street , block by block , we 'll transform Los Angeles into the Hollywood of 1969 . ”
DiCaprio has been cast to play a former western TV star named Rick Dalton who lives next door to Sharon Tate and Roman Polanski . Pitt portrays Cliff Booth , Rick 's longtime stunt double . Tate 's murder at the hands of the Manson Family cult serves as a backdrop to the main story . Margot Robbie was previously reported to be in final negotiations to play the role of Tate .
Sony has set a release date of August 9th , 2019 — the 50th anniversary of the Tate murders — and given the production a $ 100 million budget . Tom Cruise is also reportedly being courted for a role .
Former FBI Director James B. Comey 's open testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last Thursday , broadcast live on national television , reflected well on our democracy . An estimated 19.5 million people watched our government at work .
On the same day , Supreme Court Justice Stephen G. Breyer told an audience of lawyers , law professors and students that he was not ready to allow the public to watch Supreme Court proceedings — because , he said , cameras might change the nature of oral arguments . Breyer 's views reflect the opinion of all the Supreme Court justices , with the possible exception of Justice Neil M. Gorsuch , who said during his confirmation hearings in March that he was “ open ” to the possibility of cameras in the courtroom .
The Supreme Court does not currently allow any of its public oral arguments or decision announcements to be televised , live-streamed , videotaped or photographed . This blackout deprives the American people of something that is rightfully theirs : the ability to observe government officials perform important duties that only a select few can witness in person .
There may have been a period when cameras in courtrooms presented unknown risks , but that time is long past . Fifty state supreme courts already allow them , including the Texas Supreme Court , which live-streams and archives all of its oral arguments .
There may have been a period when cameras in courtrooms presented unknown risks , but that time is long past .
Texas Justice Don Willett , who is on President Trump 's list of potential Supreme Court nominees , recently told me : “ My court has been webcasting for a decade . No hiccups . No regrets . No going back . We inhabit a hyper-partisan age , and there 's enormous civic-education upside in We the People seeing their judges tackle fateful issues with thoughtfulness and civility . I would n't presume to lecture the Supreme Court of the United States , but our experience has been overwhelmingly positive . ”
The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals live-streams its arguments , as do other courts of appeals from time to time . Cameras are also allowed in courtrooms in Britain , Canada , Brazil and many other countries . There have been virtually no negative reports or safety issues resulting from this widespread use of cameras in courtrooms .
With its long tradition of overruling unconstitutional state and federal laws , the Supreme Court is the most powerful judicial tribunal in the world . If any court should be televised , it is the Supreme Court . There would be many obvious advantages .
As Justice Willett pointed out , the American people could watch lawyers and judges respectfully debate contentious legal issues . These arguments would set a wonderful example of how public officials can disagree without undue rancor .
Students and teachers of the law in particular should be able to witness the justices ' historic debates over freedom of speech , freedom of religion , abortion and other legal questions . What a shame that no one will ever be able to watch the justices announce their rulings on same-sex marriage and other momentous decisions . Instead , we must rely on the accounts of a few select journalists .
And now there is another compelling reason for the justices to televise their proceedings : The Supreme Court might be hurtling toward a legal showdown with the president . If this happens , the American people should be allowed to watch the landmark case . Citizens might even accept the result more readily if they can observe the arguments and the decision announcement .
There are no strong arguments against televising or live-streaming court proceedings . The justices have said that it could lead to misunderstandings about how the court works and enable journalists to take snippets of arguments out of context . Justice Anthony M. Kennedy even hinted that he 's afraid his colleagues might grandstand . But media distortion of the proceedings is already a possibility , and when there is debate over what happens inside the court now , there is no visual evidence to consult . In any event , the potential minor risks do n't come close to outweighing the certain advantages of transparency .
Some judges have voiced fears that televising court proceedings could make them targets of violence from disappointed litigants or the public at large . But there is no evidence to support this concern . Personal information about every judge is already available to the public . Some of the justices go on television voluntarily to promote their books . I asked Judge Richard Posner of the U.S. 7th Circuit Court of Appeals what he makes of this concern about violence . “ As far as I am able to determine , there has never been an incidence of violence resulting from such televising , ” he responded . “ Yet fear of violence has been a standard excuse for refusing to allow judicial proceedings to be televised . Standard and phony . ”
Many of our country 's most important political debates and decisions take place inside the Supreme Court . We should all be allowed to witness what a few hundred lucky citizens and journalists get to see .
Eric J. Segall , a law professor at Georgia State University , is the author of “ Supreme Myths : Why the Supreme Court Is Not a Court and Its Justices Are Not Judges. ” Twitter : @ espinsegall .
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @ latimesopinion or Facebook
FACTFILE
CURRENCY Moroccan Dirham ( MAD ) – it 's a closed currency which means you ca n't take it into the country so it 's a good idea to buy it when you arrive at the airport . Currently 1 MAD is around 78p .
LANGUAGE Predominately French or Arabic , but basic English is also widely spoken . CLIMATE Morocco generally has warm weather all-year- round . Temperatures in Marrakesh can reach 36°C in July and 18°C in January .
GETTING THERE Flights are reasonably priced , a return flight from London , Liverpool or Manchester is from about £85 and deals can be found using several budget airlines , EasyJet and Ryanair . Flying time is 31⁄2 hours from the UK .
GETTING AROUND Outside the medina there are plenty of air conditioned taxis – write your destination on a piece of paper to show to the driver and agree a price before you set off .
White House from the north side , with top of Washington Monument visible behind it .
Getty Images
WASHINGTON -- White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take questions from the White House press corps on Wednesday at 2:45pm .
President Trump weighed in earlier in the day on the cancellation of the ABC sitcom `` Roseanne '' after the titular star , Roseanne Barr , tweeted racist and anti-semitic remarks . Trump 's tweet naturally referred to himself , asking for Disney head Bob Iger to apologize to him for `` the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC , '' after Iger reportedly called Valerie Jarrett to apologize for Barr 's racist remark about Jarrett .
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
Earlier in the week , Trump responded to criticism of his administration 's new 'zero-tolerance ' policy for illegal border crossing , by blaming Democrats for their policies and pointing a finger at old photos circulating on social media .
Among the other topics that have made headlines so far this week that may be topics of questioning at the press briefing , the summit meeting between President Trump and North Korea 's Kim Jong-un has returned to the spotlight , the return of possible tariffs on products from China , and President Trump has once again berated his Attorney General .
In a signing ceremony earlier in the day on Wednesday , Trump signed a `` right to try '' measure which gives terminally ill patients access to experimental treatments and medicines that have not been approved by the FDA .
USA TODAY is providing live coverage of the press briefing , which you can watch in the player above .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Land Rover 's fun department—which is officially called the Jaguar Land Rover Special Vehicle Operations ( JLR SVO ) —has built some incredible vehicles , but their latest creation for chef Jamie Oliver is quite over the top . Imagine every ounce of JLR SVO 's potential being poured into amenities rather than performance—like the Jaguar XE SV Project 8—to give us this bespoke Land Rover Discovery with a built-in dream kitchen .
Oliver asked the luxury brands ' skunkworks for a long list of kitchen goodies and they delivered on every single promise . The rear of the Discovery features a foldable kitchen worktop , which doubles as a dining table , and lets any meal happen on the go . But , it 's the fundamental kitchen supplies built into the interior that really amaze . Oliver 's Discovery kitchen features a rotisserie driven by the power take off , an olive oil dispenser , a slow-cooker that sits beside the engine , a pasta maker , a gas burner , and even an herb garden and spice rack in the rear windows . The Discovery also churns butter as it 's driven , thanks to the unique wheels .
But , JLR SVO did n't stop there . A toaster is present in the center console , neatly hidden away otherwise , and the team fitted a flat-screen TV and aluminum sink to finish off the outrageous , yet seriously impressive , Discovery . Because , kitchen sink .
Oliver will feature the vehicle on his Food Tube channel on YouTube in a three-part video series , and you can see an introduction to the Discovery 's build process in the video up above .
Teen arrested for SWFL car thefts , mother accused of interfering with investigation
A 14-year-old boy was arrested in connection with unlocked car thefts in several residential areas , the Lee County Sheriff 's Office said .
The south Fort Myers teen faces charges of burglary , grand theft and grand theft of a firearm .
Deputies responded to reports of multiple vehicle burglaries in the late hours of Sunday into Monday morning , and the investigation revealed most of the vehicles were left unlocked . Several firearms , including two pistols and an AR-15 , were stolen from a vehicle from one of the vehicles , the sheriff 's office said .
Deputies later searched the teen 's home , but his mother allegedly tried to prevent deputies from doing the search .
His mother is accused of interfering with the investigation and was also arrested . She 's facing a charge of resisting an officer without violence .
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The mother has not been named due to the ability to then identify the minor accused the above mentioned crimes .
Local skiers who like to hit the slopes a few times a year may not be happy with a recent decision by Whistler Blackcomb .
The resort has made changes to its popular Edge Card program , eliminating one- and three-day passes that offer discounts for skiers who purchase lift tickets in advance .
The change will push casual skiers to spend more money . A regular lift ticket purchased at the window costs $ 139 . If booked in advance , a one-day Edge Card was $ 115 . A regular three-day pass costs $ 417 but a three-day Edge Card could be purchased for $ 309 , a savings of $ 108 per person .
READ MORE : Province to ponder third lane on Sea to Sky Highway close to Whistler
Skiers looking for a deal on a few days of skiing will now have to buy five- or 10-day passes .
The new pricing model comes a year after Whistler Blackcomb was purchased by Vail Resorts Inc. , a company that has focused its attention on dedicated skiers .
“ This has actually been a strategy that we 've had for some time — that is providing the best value to the folks that come and spend more time with us , ” Whistler Blackcomb chief operating officer Dave Brownlie said .
READ MORE : New public transit routes will connect Vancouver to Squamish , Whistler , Pemberton
The resort announced early-bird pricing with season passes costing $ 1,229 compared to $ 1,439 during the 2016/17 season .
Brownlie understands that some skiers may not be thrilled with the new pricing .
“ Any time we make a change , whether it 's somebody 's favourite soup or it 's the price of our Edge Cards , we do get feedback , ” he said .
Whistler Blackcomb said it regularly reviews its pricing models and will re-evaluate the one- and three-day Edge Cards for the winter after next .
— With files from Aaron McArthur
Scandinavian noir just got darker , bleaker , more powerful and more thrilling…
And it 's all thanks to Camilla Grebe , an acclaimed Swedish author more used to sharing the accolades with her sister Asa Traff in a sibling collaboration that has penned five celebrated crime novels , two of which were nominated for Best Swedish Crime Novel of the Year .
In this stunning outing , Grebe flies solo for the first time with a gripping novel full of spine-tingling psychological tension , outrageous plot twists and a stellar cast of three fiendishly unreliable narrators , all linked by one horrific crime .
Set in the midst of a misty , murky , rain-slushed Stockholm , this is deeply disturbing and atmospheric tale of love , murder , betrayal and obsession moves as fast as a black mamba snake , and has a shock in its roguish tail that will take the breath away .
Winter 's chill has descended on the Swedish capital as police arrive at the scene of a shocking murder . A young woman is found beheaded in the marble-lined hallway of an upmarket suburban home , her head left standing as if it were growing from the floor , ‘ like a mushroom . '
It 's a brutal crime , made all the more disturbing by its uncanny resemblance to an unsolved killing ten years earlier . But this time there is a suspect… Jesper Orre , the charismatic , scandal-ridden CEO of top retail chain Clothes & More , who owns the house but has now vanished without a trace .
To seasoned police detectives Chief Inspector Peter Lindgren and his sidekick Manfred Olsson , nothing about the suave , high-profile businessman – including a playboy reputation and rumours of financial misdeeds – suggests that he conceals the dark heart and twisted mind of a cold-blooded killer .
In search of a motive , Lindgren and Olsson turn to the brilliant criminal profiler Hanne Lagerlind-Schön to gain a window into the secret soul of Jesper Orre . Once a valued police asset , now marooned in unhappy retirement and a crumbling marriage to a control freak , Hanne is eager to exercise her incredible skills before she is consumed by early-onset Alzheimer 's .
Rewind two months earlier to meet Emma Bohman , a sales assistant for Clothes & More , whose life is turned upside down by a chance encounter with her boss Jesper Orre . Romance swiftly blossoms but he insists that their subsequent engagement is kept secret , and then he shakes Emma 's world a second time when he suddenly leaves her with no explanation .
As a series of frightening things begin to happen to Emma , she suspects that her runaway lover Jesper is responsible and her heartbreak turns to anger . But why does he want to hurt her ? And how far would he go to silence his secret lover ?
The Ice Beneath Her is a complex , intelligent , multi-layered thriller dripping in angst , mystery , suspense and dangerous unpredictability .
The truth always remains a slippery commodity in this fascinating white-knuckle ride as Grebe takes us gently by the hand through a series of shocking revelations , and then propels us mercilessly into a maelstrom of secrets , lies , madness and vengeance .
Nothing is certain until journey 's end… and the final destination will not disappoint !
( Zaffre , paperback , £7.99 )
After receiving the endorsement of Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer , @ antonio4ca was asked why a Republican should vote for him over GOP 's John Cox : “ A vote fore John Cox is a vote for Gavin Newsom , ” he said . Meaning Cox would have no chance in November against Newsom . pic.twitter.com/lyEPFWW0D0 — Phil Willon ( @ philwillon ) May 29 , 2018
Democrat Antonio Villaraigosa kicked off the final week of the gubernatorial campaign with a drive from Los Angeles to Fresno , where he nabbed the endorsement of Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer , visited a boxing program for troubled youth and planned to end the day at a Teamsters union hall .
Dyer praised Villaraigosa for making good on his commitment to hire more officers at the Los Angeles Police Department while he was L.A. mayor , even in the heart of the recession . Fresno cut its force by 150 officers during that time , he said .
“ As the mayor of Los Angeles , Antonio Villaraigosa demonstrated that continued support of the officers on the street , as well as the support of his police chiefs , ” Dyer said at a noon news conference outside Fresno police headquarters . “ He was responsible for ensuring that crime was rescued in the city of Los Angeles at a time with other cities were seeing an increase in crime . ”
Share this article :
0 votes
Tonight 's WWE 205 Live episode saw Austin Aries address the WWE Universe for the first time since losing to WWE Cruiserweight Champion Neville at the Extreme Rules pay-per-view , which was his third straight loss to The King of the Cruiserweights .
Aries admitted he did not get the job done against Neville , then announced that he has been dealing with knee and neck injuries , and is not medically cleared to wrestle .
It should be noted that Aries did work WWE live events against Neville this past week .
Aries appeared on Busted Open Radio this past week and made these comments on his status :
“ I 've got some stuff going on , but just to be fair you could probably say that for a lot of the locker room . It 's kind of part of what we do , I do n't think anyone is ever 100 % . So I got a couple things going on and obviously at this point it might be a good time to take a little break which really could consist of two days to just adjust some of those things , try and get my mind and my body right and then come back and figure out what 's gon na be next and what the direction 's gon na be . ”
After the 205 Live announcement on his status tonight , Aries was then confronted by Tony Nese , which led to Jack Gallagher making the save for Aries . Below is video from that segment :
Follow Marc on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Send any news , tips or corrections to us by clicking here .
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud , “ Broken ” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed , Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer , New GIFs & Galleries , More
Related
Ryder is moving into the electric-truck business , an early sign that a market for commercial electric vehicles is beginning to take shape .
Miami-based Ryder System Inc. announced a deal Monday with new Los Angeles company Chanje as the electric-truck maker 's exclusive sales and service partner .
“ We believe electric vehicles will play a major role in the future of commercial transportation , ” said Dennis Cooke , president of global fleet management at Ryder , in a statement .
Ryder , one of the nation 's largest medium-duty truck fleet management companies , will buy trucks from Chanje , then lease and service them through its extensive network . Leases will include fleet deals and one-off rentals to customers who want to try out the electric trucks .
Medium-duty trucks are used mainly on delivery routes that run less than 100 miles , meaning they can run a full day using today 's battery technology before needing a recharge . Think of UPS or FedEx parcel delivery vans , for instance , or smaller trucks at urban grocery stores delivering dog food or snack crackers .
Last week , Chanje showed off its first product : an all-electric delivery truck equipped to haul up to 6,000 pounds of goods in 580 square feet of cargo space with a 100-mile range . The company plans other vehicle configurations too .
Electric trucks like Chanje 's exist , but almost all were designed for diesel engines and then customized for batteries and electric motors . Chanje trucks were designed for all-electric powertrains from conception .
The Chanje trucks will be imported from China until the company opens an assembly plant in the United States . It 's scouting for a site in the Western states . When that plant opens , it will import kits of partially assembled truck parts from a factory in Hangzhou , China , for final assembly here .
The China factory is owned by FDG , a Hong Kong maker of electric vehicles , battery packs and battery cells . Chanje is a joint venture between FDG and Smith Electric Vehicles Corp. , a U.S. company . Chanje vehicles will be sold in China under the brand name Chang Jiang .
About 300,000 to 500,000 new medium-size trucks are sold in the U.S. each year . That 's not a huge market , but successful penetration could be lucrative for a newcomer .
Electric cars are struggling to gain a foothold in the U.S. market . Companies such as Tesla are planning to introduce electric-powered big-rig haulers , which will need to overcome the issue of limited range .
russ.mitchell @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ russ1mitchell
British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury , where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago .
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England , after the pair , both in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening .
“ They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital . They are both in a critical condition , ” Wiltshire Police said in a statement .
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs , but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance .
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down , the nearby government laboratory , for testing .
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal , 66 , and his daughter Yulia , 33 , who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4 .
London 's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation , “ given the recent events in Salisbury . ''
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities were n't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased . The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services .
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public , but this “ will be continually assessed as further information becomes known . ”
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia . The Kremlin denies any responsibility . Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain . He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury .
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides .
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May . Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
TyKiaza Jones ' high school track career is off to a flying start .
After two years , the Granite City sophomore has been one of the team 's top performers in the sprint and hurdle events . She also competed in the state meet twice and earned all-state medals both times .
“ Coming into high school , I did n't know how it was going to be , ” said Jones , who earned all-state honors in the 100-meter hurdles when she was in eighth grade at Coolidge Junior High . “ I thought it was going to be extremely tough , which it is . But for me , it 's fun because I enjoy the competition . In middle school , it always came easy to me , but high school has more competition and I really like it . ”
Jones turned in a strong sophomore season , scoring a team-high 260 points in the sprint and hurdle events . She helped the 400-meter relay team — which also included seniors Niya Wilson and Robyn Pointer and sophomore Toni Rush — finish sixth in the Class 3A state meet . She also had three victories in the hurdle events .
The efforts earned Jones this year 's Granite City AdVantage News Girls Track Athlete of the Year award .
“ My sophomore year was really fun for me because for me not doing hurdles in my freshman year and for me to come in my sophomore year and succeed the way that I did , it was really good for me , ” Jones said .
A year ago , Jones helped the Warriors ' 4x2 place fourth , making it the first time in program history Granite City had a relay team earn all-state honors . She also competed in the 4x1 , but that team was disqualified .
On May 20 , Jones ran the third leg of the 4x1 , which finished in 48.87 seconds . She also competed in the 4x2 , but the squad did n't qualify for finals .
Jones said she was thrilled to earn her second all-state medal this season .
“ It 's pretty cool , ” the sophomore said . “ For us to go both years and qualify in each relay that we do , it was pretty amazing . ”
Jones also helped the 4x1 win the Madison County large-school division championship in 48 seconds , breaking its own large-school division mark of 48.49 seconds that was set in ‘ 16 . She also helped the 4x2 place third in 48.59 seconds in the Southwestern Conference meet .
In the hurdle events , Jones placed first in the 100-meter hurdles at the Freeburg Invitational and Madison County meet and in the 300-meter hurdles at the Belleville West Invitational . She also finished second in the 100-meter hurdles in a personal-best 14.72 seconds .
“ I really enjoyed my season for hurdles , ” Jones said . “ I came in for indoor state and we had four meets and in each meet , I PR'ed and I kept going up in ( state ) rankings . So I really enjoyed it for indoor . I knew I was going to be in the top 10 for outdoor , but I did n't think I was going to be where I was . It was pretty fun . I wish I could do it all over . ”
Jones had a chance to qualify for state in the 100 hurdles at the Class 3A Belleville West Sectional on May 12 , but she was disqualified in lane 5 and immediately broke down into tears .
“ I was coming into my sophomore year to go to state ( in the hurdles ) , ” Jones said . “ It was pretty hard for me because I got disqualified at indoor state as well . ”
Jones also plays basketball at GCHS .
“ Basketball really helped me a lot as far as conditioning and not being out of shape , ” she said . “ It helped me a lot because ( trainer ) Tate ( Merten ) had us running a lot . ”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and # AdVsports on Twitter
New York Knicks forward Tim Hardaway Jr. 3 ) puts up a shot against Chicago Bulls center Cristiano Felicio
MULTAN-The conventional Independence Day hustle was seen after a long time on Monday as the citizens especially youth celebrated 70th Independence Day with national fervour in entire South Punjab .
A large number of families with kids attire in green and white clothes representing national flag joined Independence Day celebrations . The participants were of the opinion that terrorism fear kept them away from the celebrations during last few years .
“ Our passion was always alive but terrorism reservations forced us to stay at home . Thanks God ! the terrorism jinx is over , ” said a citizen Azeem Khan , who was riding a car decorated with national flags and buntings along with his family .
The kids and girls got the national flags painted on their faces , flashed national flags out of their cars and chanted national slogans while marching on city roads .
The activists of different political and social parties as well as common citizens held flag hoisting functions , meetings , rallies and other activities in Multan , Bahawalpur , Dera Ghazi Khan , Lodhran , Vehari , Layyah , Mailsi , Rajanpur , Muzaffargarh , Rahim Yar Khan and other adjoining areas . The day dawned with special prayers for the progress , prosperity and security of the country .
In Multan , different chapters of PML-N and Young Pakistanis Organisation held meetings , flag hoisting functions and rallies . Flag hoisting functions were held at Lahore High Court Multan bench , District Courts , Bahauddin Zakariya University , Muhammad Nawaz Sharif University of Agriculture , District and High Court Bars , State Bank Building , DCO and Commissioner offices , Police Lines , RPO office , colleges and other educational institutions . Similarly , Ulema Aman Committee , Jamaat-e-Islami Youth Wing , Mutahidda Milad Council , Pasbaan Rickshaw Taxi Drivers Union , Mango Growers Cooperative Society , JUI Multan City , PML-N Youth Wing , Markazi Jamiat Ahle Hadith and Pakistan Writers Wing organised rallies , cake cutting and flag hoisting ceremonies on the day .
MML TAKMEEL-E-PAKISTAN CARAVANS
Meanwhile , the newborn Milli Muslim League ( MML ) organised rallies , conferences , public meetings and Takmeel-e-Pakistan Caravans in Multan , Bahawalpur , Dera Ghazi Khan , Layyah , Lodhran , Vehari , Bhakhar and other towns of South Punjab .
The largest caravan was brought out in Multan under the leadership of Hafiz Talha Saeed which started from Daulat Gate and ended at Chowk Nawan Shehr . The participants of the caravan marched through Hussain Agahi , Chowk Ghanta Ghar and Chowk Fawara during which people showered rose petals on them . The activists of the MML were waving their party and national flags while raising slogans in favour of Pakistan , Kashmiri freedom movement and their party .
CORPS COMMANDER
Meanwhile , Multan Corps Commander Lt-Gen Sarfaraz Sattar visited Yadgar-e-Shuhada and laid floral wreath at the memorial . He prayed for the elevation of the ranks of the martyrs in Jannah . Later on , the Corps Commander met with serving and retired army officers and jawans during an Azadi Millan Party .
Does anyone remember when the former owner of Copper Rocket bar went on a tirade and fought with his fans and detractors on Facebook and then deleted it all ? Well if not , you can read the entire ridiculous thing on thedailycity.com . We screen-shot the whole thing . That owner also was chosen to be on a reality show in which a bar expert comes into a bar , addresses the interior design and problem employees ( and owners ! ) and fixes everything . Even though he had that help , for reasons I admittedly do not know , he sold the bar to the folks behind Foxtail Coffee . This “ Foxtail Coffee presents the new and improved Copper Rocket ” version wo n't be a coffee bar though . It 'll remain a full liquor bar . And besides , Foxtail already has enough new locations announced and one I discovered that they will neither confirm nor deny the plans for : inside the Wells Fargo building in the North Quarter . I got the tip from an employee and happened to meet at another coffee sandwich and desert shop : The Glass Knife . I go there to blog and be around rich women with $ 2,000 handbags and facelifts to match . At the grand re-opening of “ Foxtail Coffee presents the new Copper Rocket ” , you can be the first to check out its redesigned interior , upgraded bar , added beer taps , new kitchen and more than 35 new televisions . Maybe they 'll consider doing viewing parties for RuPaul 's Drag Race All Stars Season 3 ! I 'll ask . If they neither confirm nor deny you 'll hear it first… from me… The grand re-opening is Saturday at 11am .
What would you do if your husband cheated on you…again ?
Taraji P. Henson stars as Melinda , a loyal wife whose husband 's latest infidelity sends her down a vengeful path , in Tyler Perry 's upcoming thriller Acrimony .
In this EXCLUSIVE clip , Melinda suspects her husband Robert , played by Lyriq Bent ( She 's Got ta Have It ) , is cheating on her because they have n't had sex in months . While he co-worker asserts Robert learned his lesson the last time Melinda caught him in the adulterous act , her intuition is telling her otherwise . And by the looks of the trailer , all hell is about to break loose .
Acrimony hits theaters March 30 .
RELATED STORIES :
Taraji P. Henson Denies Shading Ryan Seacrest
LET 'S MAKEUP : Taraji P. Henson Has A Glow For Her Grecian Look
[ WATCH ] Taraji P. Henson Is Electrifying In New Trailer For Tyler Perry 's ‘ Acrimony '
Also On Magic 95.9 :
We all want to beat time and look young for as long as possible . People often resort to Botox and cosmetic procedures to mask their age , but what if we told you that a simple , new hairstyle could cut ( literally ! ) years off of your age ? Here are five tips to keep in mind when you book your next salon appointment .
Get a regular trim
One of the first and easiest ways to look youthful is to get regular trims . Schedule an appointment with your stylist for one every six to eight weeks . You do n't have to take much off for results—just one-fourth of an inch or less . Try scheduling your cuts for the year , so you never have to worry about missing an appointment . Remember , if you let dead , split ends stay on your hair , it can make your entire mane look drab , so be on top of your trim schedule .
Add layers
Adding layers always helps to soften facial features , which in turn makes you appear younger . The fresh-cut ends of hair layers look healthy and well-maintained . Try long layers first to test it out , and if you love it , opt for shorter layers the next time . A straight cut is the fastest way to look old , so stay away from one-length hair .
Add bangs
Adding bangs is a simple way to immediately look youthful , and allows you to leave your long locks untouched ( besides a trim , of course ) . Try a fringe style , or side swept bangs that blend into the hairline .
Use colour
Add soft , caramel or red highlights that frame your face for an updated look . Have your colourist use the trending balayage technique for highlights that are n't jarring and do the job . If you opt for caramel highlights , remember not to go too ashy or it will result in a grey tint , which can make you appear older .
Choose a cut based on your face shape
To make this easier , we 've broken it down by four face shapes and which hairstyle is best suited for each .
Prince 's estate unveiled a collection of new material last week , almost two years after the legendary artist 's death . They shared the little known original version of “ Nothing Compares 2 U , ” along with a video of unseen rehearsal footage . This media accompanied a newly launched Prince fan website called “ Prince2me ” and an online database of Prince 's discography , rare photos and videos , and other Prince-related information .
According to Variety , the estate will follow this first onslaught with an album of previously unreleased material on September 28th and more surprises throughout the Fall and in the future . Estate leader Troy Carter sent material from the musical archive to an Iron Mountain facility where some of them will be restored and prepared for release .
“ Prince recorded and rehearsed and performed constantly , and he taped everything , so once you think you 've gotten close [ to finding everything ] , you find new things . The vault was just one room and that room ran over into multiple rooms , and this was [ mostly ] before digitization so you have hard drives , and tapes and things like that , ” Carter tells Variety . “ He wrote down his thoughts and plans and how he ran his business , so he pretty much left a blueprint of how things should go . So listening to the music , the demos , seeing some of his notes and tape notes , you really get an idea of how his mind worked , and I 'm honored to get a glimpse of his process . ”
In other news , today Prince 's family sued the hospital that treated his first opioid overdose , following evidence uncovered last week of Prince unknowingly taking counterfeit pills . During the investigation of his death in Minnesota , authorities released photos from Prince 's vault at Paisley Park Studios , which you can view via Page Six .
Pete Rose was banned for life from Major League Baseball in 1989 for betting on MLB games while manager of the Cincinnati Reds . Since then he has proved to be a master of marketing himself . Check out this promotion , tweeted by ESPN 's Darren Rovell in March , that offers four fans the opportunity to dine with , receive autographs from and pose for selfies with Rose for $ 5,000 — provided that the fans pick up the tab for the meal .
`` Six years ago , it would have been panic city and that ball would have been in right field , '' said Kinsler , a 12-year veteran . `` But I knocked it down , had plenty of time , knew quickly where I was , the speed of the runner . The faster you can calculate all of that , the more calm you become . ''
Americans spent more than $ 62 billion on their pets in 2016 , according to the American Pet Products Association .
It 's no wonder that the tech industry is trying to cash in on that .
They want to make your pet as connected as you are .
In tonight 's Healthy Living , we 'll show you some of the newest technology for your pet .
Soon to be on the market , Felcana will go a little further in tracking your pet 's activity .
Touted as a health monitoring device , it will log how much your pet eats and drinks and detect any changes in their behavior , such as anxiety or fatigue which can be signs of illness .
The price has not been set yet .
Bungling council workers have been blasted by residents after they only resurfaced the MIDDLE of their road in a bid to save cash .
Homeowners were even forced to move their cars to allow the work to be completed but were left baffled when only half their street was repaired .
Leicester City Council carried out the work on Stretton Road
Leicester City Council carried out the work on Stretton Road in the West End area of the city on Thursday morning ( 10/8 ) .
The authority has defended the decision to only resurface the centre of the street , saying the sides did not need doing as cars often park there .
But locals have slammed the `` shoddy '' work and accused the council of only doing `` half a job '' which has left their street looking `` ridiculous '' .
Mum-of-two Jenny Campbell , 30 , who has lived on the road for three years , , said :
Locals have slammed the `` shoddy '' work
`` I could n't believe what I was seeing when I got home from work and the street was half resurfaced .
`` I thought it must have been a mistake and that they would come back and finish the rest of it .
`` But to learn that they actually meant to do it this way is just baffling . Its completely shoddy work .
`` This is a conservation area which means they have to preserve the look of the street - but now they 've left it looking ridiculous . ''
Another resident , Jean Jacques Cuvelier , 59 , said : `` I 'm appalled by what they 've done .
`` It 's a conservation area here and yet this is the way they 've done the resurfacing work .
`` Everyone living along here is disgusted .
`` All the cars were removed from the street , so there 's no excuse for them leaving it with just a lane down the middle of it resurfaced and the rest left as it is .
`` I 'm sure it 's just some scheme to save some money - it 's probably only cost them half the price .
`` Maybe we should only be paying half our council tax ? `` I 've never seen a road resurfaced like this before . ''
Another local , who did not want to be named , said : `` What are they going to next - start cutting half the grass and collecting half the bins ?
`` Somebody at the council needs their heads examining , ''
A Leicester City Council spokesperson said : `` We have a duty to maintain the highway , but it 's also important we use our road repairs budget where it 's most needed .
`` The sides of this road are normally taken up by parked cars and are in better condition than the middle , which was in need of resurfacing as potholes were forming .
`` The new surface will oxidise over the coming months and become pale grey over time .
`` We will also include this road in a surface dressing programme in future years , which will treat and seal the whole surface . ''
A Salem man died yesterday in a 2-car accident just west of Crescent Lake on Highway 58 . According to the Oregon State Police a vehicle heading west bound lost control on the slick pavement hitting an oncoming vehicle . The driver of the westbound car was dead at the scene of the accident . The driver of the eastbound vehicle and the 2 passengers were all taken to St. Charles in Bend for treatment of their injuries . No names have been released at this time .
Observer Report
Washington
US State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert has stated that the US supports free , fair , transparent and accountable elections in Pakistan .
“ I 'm not aware if we would send any observers on the ground . We tend to support international organisations that do participate as observers , ” said the spokesperson during a press briefing on Tuesday .
Nauert added that Washington along with other international partners fully support Pakistan 's implementation of its 2017 electoral reforms law .
“ My understanding is that this is the first time that law will actually be put into effect for these elections ” , she said . Washington is hopeful that the new comprehensive and transparent legal framework will facilitate the peaceful transfer of civilian power to the next democratically elected government in Pakistan , stated the State Department spokesperson .
FORT MYERS , Fla . The man found guilty of producing and possessing child pornography of a missing Lee County girl will be sentenced in federal court Monday .
Jorge Guerrero was linked to the lewd images found on his cellphone of 10-year-old Diana Alvarez , who went missing more than one-year-ago . He faces a maximum sentence of 45 years in prison .
A court ruling prohibited prosecutors from mentioning Guerrero as a suspect in Diana 's disappearance during the trial . He 's never been formally charged .
There will be no deal offered to Guerrero in exchange for information Monday , Diana 's mother Rita Hernandez said Friday . Detectives believe he could provide incorrect information as to where Diana is , which could prolong the overall investigation .
However , Rita believes Guerrero knows Diana 's whereabouts .
“ He plays dumb , but he knows where she is , ” Hernandez said in Spanish .
She was asked to speak at the sentencing hearing , which is scheduled to begin at 10:30 a.m .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Firefighters were in action across Bristol last night . At just gone midnight a crew from Southmead were called to Ambleside Avenue where an Audi car was alight .
The crew wore breathing apparatus and used one hose to extinguish the fire .
The cause was said to be deliberate .
At just before 3am a fire crew from Kingswood dealt with a van on fire in Manor Road , Mangotsfield .
The cause of this fire was also said to be deliberate .
At 3.13am crews from Temple and Southmead attended to a small fire involving an oven in a house in Montrose Avenue , Cotham .
The fire was out on the crews ' arrival , there were no casualties and the cause was recorded as accidental .
Technoid ,
I really enjoy reading your articles and learn a lot from them . My problem is excessive powder residue in my reloads . In my quest for less recoil ( I have arthritis ) , I am shooting lighter and lighter reloads ( 7/8 and 3/4 oz 12 ga loads ) using Clays . The recoil is pretty much gone but my barrels ( and the breech face ) look like the inside of a coal mine after only 50 to 100 shots .
I have switched to Federal 209A primers to try to get more complete ignition but not much improvement over Win 209 's . I am also only using my hulls once or twice to get the best crimps possible . I assume my problem is inadequate confining pressure to achieve complete combustion and I 'm wondering if you have a suggestion to reduce the amount of powder residue these light loads are producing .
Thanks for any help . Your web site is one of my favorites .
Mike
Dear Mike ,
If your load velocity is consistent , do n't worry about the residue . Unless you are shooting a gas gun , powder residue really should n't matter other than in a purely cosmetic sense . The second shot really sort of cleans out any residue left by the first . I am going to make the guess that you are shooting a fixed breech gun since most of the gas guns I have tried wo n't run a 3/4 oz 12 gauge load .
Clays is a fast single base powder and is among the cleanest burning around . If Clays is leaving residue , then it is n't ash , but unburned powder . Unburned powder would be an indication that you have gone too light . You really do n't want that . It sounds as though you might be attempting to lower recoil by lowering velocity to the point that you are n't getting a good pressure build up . Shotshells need a certain amount of pressure ( and thus powder ) to ignite properly . If they do n't have it , they burn dirty , slow and erratic . Naturally , you ARE sticking to published loads , are n't you ?
An abnormally dirty standing breech is a pretty sure sign that there is n't enough gas pressure to seal the plastic hull against the walls of the chamber . You might find that things burn cleaner if you increase the pressure . You will have to accept more velocity and thus more recoil .
I am not sure about the benefits of going to a “ hotter ” primer like the Federal . Often a hotter primer will push the ejecta forward slightly , increasing the “ chamber ” area and actually decreasing pressure . Primer performance is really tricky stuff and it is hard to generalize .
I 've burned plenty of dirty powder in my guns over the years , but have never had any problem with too much build up causing mechanical problems unless I failed to clean them carefully after every shooting session . Ultra light loads require the fastest burning powder available to get enough pressure to function correctly . Clays is a good choice in balancing speed and cleanliness .
Fresh hulls probably do n't have much to do with it , though I commend your rationale . It 's really the wad that does the sealing . Studies have shown that a good quality hull can withstand 25 reloadings without ballistic degradation .
While it is n't too hard to get a consistent 7/8 oz 12 gauge load at 1200 fps , 3/4 oz may well be below the threshold of good ignition unless all conditions are perfect .
I have always found that the best way to reduce recoil was to use a gas gun . If you shoot a mounted fixed breech gun , you might look into the Soft Touch , G Square and similar hydraulic stocks . They do a great job for trap shooters . Other than that , learn to live with a dirty barrel .
Bottom line : if you are getting the performance you want and the dirt is n't actually jamming the gun , learn to live with it . Ai n't nuthin free and a dirty bore is a small price to pay for comfort .
Best regards ,
Bruce Buck
Shotgun Report 's Technoid
( Often in error , never in doubt . )
Advertisements
Duke says men 's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will be taking a medical leave after surgery on his lower back , the university announced Monday .
Assistant coach Jeff Capel will take over the Blue Devils , which is 12-2 this season .
Krzyzewski is scheduled to have the surgery on Friday , Jan. 6 to remove a fragment from a herniated disc . Duke 's next game is Saturday , Jan. 7 .
“ Dr . William Richardson , Dr. Friedman , and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks , ” Krzyzewski said , according to the university . “ Together , we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time . ''
A four-week recovery is expected , ESPN reported .
FORT MYERS , Fla . There will be a high of 93 degrees with increased cloud cover and isolated storms Monday , WINK meteorologist Brooke Silverang said .
View an hourly forecast here .
Man 's eye gouged out during bar brawl
GRANT MATTHEW/STUFF A Te Kuiti man lost his eye after a brawl at New Plymouth 's Nag N ' Noggin bar in September 2017 .
A man who deliberately ripped out his victim 's eye during a bar brawl has been convicted of causing the sickening injury .
Hiwawa Kahu , along with his father and brother , were charged after the September 9 , 2017 attack on a Te Kuiti man at the Nag N ' Noggin bar in New Plymouth .
The barroom brawl happened about 10.15pm , in the hours following the All Blacks versus Argentina test match played at Yarrow Stadium , which is about 500 metres from the Tukapa St pub .
The victim underwent emergency surgery at Waikato Hospital in a bid to save his right eye , but this was unsuccessful .
On Thursday , Hiwawa Kahu appeared in the New Plymouth District Court , where he pleaded guilty to a charge of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
READ MORE :
* Man 's eye gouged out during New Plymouth bar brawl
* Father and two sons charged after man loses eye in bar brawl
* Three men arrested for alleged aggravated robbery of Matamata man
His 53-year-old father , John Joseph Kahu , appeared alongside him in the dock and pleaded guilty to assault with a weapon .
Sibling Stefan Paul Kahu , 32 , previously pleaded guilty to common assault .
The Kahu family were visiting New Plymouth for the rugby test , as were the victim and his partner . The parties were unknown to each other and walked to the Nag N ' Noggin independently of each other following the game .
The summary of facts outlined that while at the bar Hiwawa Kahu saw an older male patron talking to his 12-year-old nephew , something which made him upset .
The older man was verbally abused by the 20-year-old before the bar manager stepped in to stop the altercation going any further .
The victim had watched the exchange between the two and invited the older man to come and sit at his table .
John Kahu then approached the older patron and starting hurling abuse at him before a scuffle kicked off between the men .
The older patron pushed John Kahu , which resulted in Hiwawa and Stefan Kahu joining the affray .
In an attempt to protect the older man from the three men , the victim stood in front of him and soon began the target of John Kahu 's aggression .
The victim was verbally abused and John Kahu jabbed at the man 's chest .
In response , the victim shoved the defendant , who fell to the ground .
Hiwawa Kahu then confronted the victim and started verbally abusing him .
During this , John Kahu picked up a bar stool and struck the victim , with the blow hitting the man 's forearm .
This caused the victim to try and move away but Stefan and Hiwawa Kahu continued to walk towards him .
The victim then picked up a bar stool and hit Hiwawa Kahu with it .
Multiple punches were then thrown at the victim 's head and body by Stefan and Hiwawa Kahu .
As the flurry of punches is thrown , John Kahu hit the victim twice more with a bar stool .
Hiwawa Kahu then pushed his thumb into the victim 's right eye and pulled it from its socket , causing the man to cry out in pain .
A member of the public broke up the fight and the seriousness of the victim 's injury was clear for all to see .
Following the sickening act , the summary of facts stated that Hiwawa Kahu was overheard bragging about what he had done as he rushed away from the scene .
`` It got him right in the eye , I took it right out , that 's how you 've got to do it , you 've got to go right for the eyes . ''
The victim was rushed to hospital for treatment and spent time in the intensive care unit .
At Thursday 's hearing , Judge Chris Sygrove sentenced John Kahu to 200 hours of community work for his role in the pack attack .
In terms of Hiwawa Kahu , his case was referred to restorative justice and a full pre-sentence report was ordered . A nominal sentencing date of June 28 was given by the court .
Stefan Kahu is due to be sentenced on July 12 .
- Stuff
Tokyo : Japan captain Makoto Hasebe has announced his retirement from the national team , on the heels of the squad 's heartbreaking ejection from the World Cup in a match against Belgium .
`` I have decided to end the chapter of my career with the national team with this tournament , '' Hasebe wrote on his Instagram account .
The 34-year-old defensive midfielder 's departure from the Blue Samurai could mean a changing of the guard for the team , with former AC Milan striker Keisuke Honda , 32 , also saying he plans to retire from the national squad .
Hasebe , who won the German Cup with Eintracht Frankfurt last season , has been on the national team for more than 12 years under five coaches .
This year 's World Cup is his third , after South Africa in 2010 and Brazil in 2014 , and saw his team come heartstoppingly close to the quarterfinals before crashing out against Belgium .
​
Japan were ousted after Belgium came from behind to win 3-2 in their first match in the knock-out round .
The team will head next to the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates early next year , and may also be looking for a new coach .
Akira Nishino , who took over months before the World Cup after the controversial firing of his predecessor Vahid Halilhodzic , has been tightlipped on his future plans despite reports he could be replaced .
Click here for full coverage of FIFA World Cup 2018
Click here to view the full schedule of FIFA World Cup 2018
A Million of cars are added to Indian roads each year . That 's billions of moving parts working in perfect harmony day and night , through rain and sunshine . The ones responsible to keep this behemoth working efficiently often go unnoticed and underappreciated .
We trust them blindly with our precious cars . Their experience and passion for automobiles are what makes them a 'superstar ' . Total Oil India , in partnership with Overdrive and Firstpost , decided to recognise and appreciate the much deserving automobile technicians all over India for their hard work and ingenuity in keeping our cars running without a hitch with a special event called 'Total Quartz Engine Ke Superstars ' .
More than 200 working automobile technicians ( mechanics ) were invited to the Piccadily Hotel in New Delhi on Sunday to acknowledge their sheer commitment to delivering the best in class service to the customers . They were hosted over a gala dinner with live performances by a renowned stand-up comic and radio personalities .
`` As you may have experienced , a mechanic is someone whom we trust with our car and ultimately , the safety of our family . They always have a solution to whatever problem our car is facing and somehow always manage to fix it in time , ''
`` Total Quartz Engine Ke Superstar is India 's first ever platform acknowledging their sheer commitment to delivering best in class service to the customers . The first chapter of this platform was unveiled and will witness about 100 garages being felicitated across categories like maintaining safety standards , service quality , eco-friendly processes , hygiene and overall customer service , '' a statement by Total Oil India said .
The event was attended by Shubhabrata Marmar , editor , Overdrive ; BV Rao , editor , Firstpost ; Azim Lalani , business head , Firstpost ; Gayatri Ojha , vice-president , Sales & Marketing , Total Oil India ; Sanjay Dhakkal , national business development manager , aftermarket sales , Total Oil India , Pramod Panwar , zonal head , Total Oil India , Sahil Shridhar , brand manager , passenger car motor oil , Total Oil India .
Addressing the technicians , Pramod Panwar , said : `` Doctors and mechanics have a lot of similarities . Mechanics are always upgrading their skills and arming themselves with the latest technology so that the common man does n't face any discomfort while commuting on the roads . ''
The addresses were punctuated with several light-hearted moments and an entertainment act by Siraj Khan , a renowned stand-up comedian . The act was followed by an engagement session by the event 's radio partner Fever 104 FM 's 'Dilli Ke Do Dabbang ' RJ Addy and RJ Syd .
Gayatri Ojha said that the mechanics were an engine 's superstars and that they should tell their family just that . While Venkat Rao said that a mechanic 's profession was 'the most trustworthy profession ' .
Following the addresses and the live entertainment , the guests were felicitated for their commitment to the cause . Watch the full event below :
Original composite and sketches released at the time the kidnapping occurred . ( Source : Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office )
An 18-year-old who was abducted in Florida when she was a newborn and discovered in Walterboro has met her birth family .
Kamiyah Mobley had a video call on FaceTime with various members of her family , including her father , on Friday .
“ I always hoped and prayed that this day would happen , '' said Kamiyah 's father , Craig Aiken . `` I never gave up , you never lose hope , no matter how much time passes , you never give up . ”
Aiken told WJXT that detectives showed up to deliver the amazing news to family members .
“ I saw her the day that she was taken and I have n't seen her since and I do n't want to scare her away , '' said Velma Aiken , Kamiyah 's grandmother . `` So I 'm going slow motion because I want to keep her now . I do n't want to run her . ”
Aiken said he did not give up hope throughout the whole ordeal .
“ From the detectives that I 've been working on this for 18 years , putting another time , because we thought they were n't working on it , but they were still working on it , I have to tell them thank you and I appreciate that , ” Aiken said .
Investigators arrested 51-year-old Gloria Williams at her home in Walterboro Friday morning after DNA evidence confirmed officials had found Mobley . Authorities say Williams was passing Mobley off as her daughter .
Williams is being held at the Colleton County Jail and was denied bond Friday afternoon in an emotional court hearing in which Mobley was present .
At one point , Mobley walked up to Williams , who was behind a barrier , and touched her hands .
Williams was then seen blowing a kiss at her family .
Mobley was also heard saying `` I love you '' to Williams . Williams ' mother , father and pastor were also present . Authorities are expected to transport Williams to Florida where she faces kidnapping charges
Investigators believe Williams entered a Jacksonville hospital room dressed as a nurse and left with Mobley , wrapped in a pink and blue blanket , on July 10 , 1998 .
When Williams did n't return , security was called . Mobley 's mother was 16 years old at the time . The search for the baby grew into a national story .
After more than 2,500 tips , one sent to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children got the ball rolling last year , deputies with the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office say .
Almost 200 miles away in South Carolina , officials found an 18-year-old woman with the same birthday but a different name .
After further investigation , authorities realized fraudulent documents were being used to establish her identity .
DNA analysis confirmed she was Kamiyah Mobley late Thursday night .
She 's `` a normal 18-year-old woman '' now , according to authorities .
Investigators say Mobley had a feeling she may have been a victim of kidnapping , but grew up believing Williams was her biological mother .
Mobley has been provided with a victim 's advocate and authorities say they want to help her with whatever she may need . Whether she would make contact with her family and how she does it was up to her , they said .
Family members of the suspect are not convinced Gloria Williams is a kidnapper .
Williams ' aunt , Susan Alls , says she watched Mobley grow up to graduate high school . She refuses to believe that the child does n't belong to Williams .
`` I do n't think it 's true , '' Alls said . `` There has to be something going on with the DNA , whatever they did . ''
A neighbor told Live 5 News ' Harve Jacobs that Williams has lived in her current house for about seven years with her husband and the now 18-year-old girl .
`` Oh lord , I mean it 's overwhelming , '' said Lakeshia Jenkins .
For the last seven years , Jenkins has lived right across the street from Williams .
Jenkins had no idea her neighbor was wanted for kidnapping a baby from a hospital in Jacksonville , Florida in 1998 .
Until Friday , she believed the now 18-year-old girl was Williams ' biological child .
Jenkins says the girl police say Jenkins passed off as her daughter seemed to be happy .
`` When I see her she seems happy , '' Jenkins said . `` When she was in the house behind the doors , I do n't know because I could n't see what was going on inside the house . ''
Jenkins says the husband was on the road working when the arrest was made .
Copyright 2017 WCSC/WJXT contributed to this report . All Rights Reserved .
Global News at 5:30 on Global Toronto for Friday , October 6 , 2017 . Hosted by Alan Carter and Farah Nasser .
Kim Kardashian
Dia Dipasupil , WireImage
Kim Kardashian West is making her way to the White House .
The reality TV star is set to meet with officials Wednesday , including senior advisor Jared Kushner and possibly President Trump , according to a source familiar with the situation but unauthorized to speak publicly .
But what prompted the pop culture figure to trek to the nation 's capital ? Prison reform .
“ She 's expressed a willingness to engage with us on prison reform , and we 'll engage with whoever wants to engage , ” the source told USA TODAY .
During the meeting , Kardashian West is expected to advocate for the release of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson , who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , nonviolent drug offense . She has shared her support of Johnson on social media , calling the sentencing `` so unfair '' on Twitter in October .
Though Kardashian West has not confirmed the meeting , she tweeted a birthday message for Johnson Wednesday .
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
`` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson , '' she wrote . `` Today is for you . ''
Johnson 's story went viral thanks in part to a Mic video interview that reached over 4.1 million views . A change.org petition asking President Trump to grant Johnson clemency has also almost reached it 's goal of 300,000 supporter signatures as of Wednesday .
Kardashian West , who cites Mic 's video as how she discovered Johnson , has also helped the case reach a wider audience .
Kushner has focused on prison reform since joining the administration . He was involved with the First Step Act , which plans to expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement . The act was approved by the House of Representatives earlier this month .
A pardon or commutation for Johnson is unlikely today , though the president has not made a decision .
Kardashian West supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race , but recently , her husband Kanye West has tweeted his support for Trump .
The rapper met with Trump in December 2016 during a visit to the Trump Tower in New York . Trump posed with West after their meeting , calling him a `` good man '' with whom he talked about `` life . ''
Kanye had previously declared his allegiance to Trump onstage the month prior .
'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' : The family through the years Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and her wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49 Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and her wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Officials with the American Red Cross said 2017 has been a historic and record-breaking year for disaster relief , with volunteers responding to more aid requests than the previous four years combined . So far , the American Red Cross has sheltered more than 658,000 people devastated by hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria . Hurricane relief efforts were followed by the deadliest week of wildfires in California history . Typically , the Red Cross responds to nearly 64,000 disasters a year . In 2017 , the Red Cross deployed more than 56,000 disaster workers of which 92 percent were volunteers .
The Red Cross depends on financial donations to be able to provide disaster relief and to help with long-term recovery efforts . Americans can help people affected by future disasters by visiting redcross.org/gift , or calling 1-800-RED CROSS .
Officials with the Coast Guard say the FBI is investigating a report of a dirty bomb on a ship at the Wando Terminal Wednesday night .
According to emergency officials , no radiation has been found at this time .
A dirty bomb is composed of conventional explosives and radioactive material .
Witnesses say the terminal was evacuated , and authorities were seen taping off a ship .
The Coast Guard and the Charleston County Sheriff 's Office have responded to the incident .
According to witnesses , Hazmat and EMS crews are also on scene .
Workers say they have been sent home , and were told to leave the terminal around 9 p.m .
Boaters say they were escorted off the water due to the situation .
Copyright 2017 WCSC . All rights reserved .
One of the first heat advisories of the season has been issued for New Brunswick , but it 's a different story for Nova Scotians .
Environment Canada says daytime high temperatures are expected to reach 28 to 31 degrees in several New Brunswick communities , with humidex values reaching as high as 36 .
“ These conditions may pose a health risk when you are not used to the heat , ” Environment Canada said in the weather statement .
READ MORE : Summer weather forecast : A warm Canadian summer , with a few exceptions
The heat advisory was issued for Thursday and Friday .
Environment Canada is advising New Brunswickers to drink plenty of cool liquids and keep cool by dressing for the weather a few hours before going outside .
They 're also reminding pet owners to never keep their inside a parked vehicle .
READ MORE : Canadian forecasters predicting near or above average 2018 hurricane season
Meanwhile in Nova Scotia , a frost advisory has been issued across Cape Breton and in other northwestern counties , including Antigonish , Colchester , Guysborough , Pictou and in Halifax County , east of Porters Lake .
Environment Canada issues frost advisories when temperatures are expected to reach the freezing mark .
The advisory has been issued for Thursday morning .
ADVERTISEMENT
When diver James Moskito arrived to help a drowning humpback whale off the coast of California , he was unsure if his team would be able to rescue her . Indeed , they tried to set the whale free for five hours . They 'll never forget the animal 's reaction to them , though .
The Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito , Californi , has rescued injured and sick sea mammals for more than 40 years . The nonprofit organization treats the animals at its research hospital before releasing many of them back into the ocean .
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the years , the Marine Mammal Center has cared for over 20,000 mammals . Most frequently , they help seals and sea lions . However , in 2005 , they had an encounter with something much larger .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Ludhiana : Hosts Minerva Punjab FC rallied to get the better of Chennai City FC 2-1 and grab the top spot in the I-League pecking order in Ludhiana on Monday .
The visitors took the lead as early as the fifth minute through Jean Michel Joachim , much to the surprise of those present at the Guru Nanak Stadium .
Placed seventh in the standings , Chennai City FC held on to the lead the entire first half .
However , the second half started on a great note for the home side as it struck the equaliser when William Opoku Asiedu found the back of the net in the 48th minute . He had scored twice in the team 's 2-0 win over Indian Arrows in the last round .
Having restored parity , the tide turned in favour of Minerva Punjab as they went ahead when Kassim Aidara struck in the 59th minute .
There was no change in the scoresheet thereafter as Minerva FC emerged victorious for the third time in the league .
Zubair Qureshi
Islamabad
Former Prime Minister and Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) stalwart Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is all set to challenge Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf ( PTI ) Chairman Imran Khan from NA-53 , Islamabad in the general elections taking place on July 25 , 2018 . For this purpose the former premiere has already launched his campaign . Imran Khan , too set off his election campaign from the Convention Center Islamabad with an electrifying address to his workers and supporters on Saturday , June 30 . Khan is hopeful to make a clean sweep from this constituency , however , as the candidates are changed in this constituency so have the circumstances and this time voters are not going to blindly vote for either of the two . Pakistan Observer in an interaction with a large number of voters from this constituency , came to know about the grievances of voters against the two major political parties—PML-N and PTI—and their candidates . PTI 's candidate Asad Umar from NA-54 and Imran Khan from NA-53 are largely seen as ‘ outsiders ' . They do n't even know the names of the streets and sectors of the constituency they are vying to win , complain the ordinary voters . According to many , Asad Umar during the last parliamentary stint betrayed and ditched his voters and PTI 's workers and supporters had to face tough questions from the residents of the city regarding availability of their MNA to address their complaints .
Ex-Prime Minister Khaqan Abbasi too is seen as an ‘ outsider ' since his original constituency is NA-57 and ordinary voters in NA-53 are in a fix whom to vote of these two . Most probably both of them will quit their seats from this constituency after winning their seats from their original/native constituencies , say the voters . “ We are taken for granted here in NA-53 , ” said Muhammad Yaqoob , a local trader of the NA-53 and in the fight of the bigwigs aspirations of common people will be bulldozed . Ayesha , a teacher in a FG model school was also wary of the PML-N and PTI candidates as being high profile ‘ they will the least pay attention to the voters of their constituencies , ” said she .
In NA-54 , PTI 's Asad Umar unlike the previous candidate of the PML-N is going to face Anjum Aqeel Khan , a local and a well-connected political worker of the PML-N. Asad Umar 's image of being an outsider can make things a bit problematic for him as Anjum Aqeel is well aware of the problems of his constituency and is always available to his voters in case of some issue/problem that arises for them .
In NA-52 , PML-N 's former Minister for CADD , Dr Tariq Fazal is seen as having an edge over his opponent PTI 's Raja Khurram Nawaz who is given preference over the former candidate for the PTI Ilyas Mehrban . In NA-52 , the Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) has awarded ticket to Afzal Khokar , uncle of Senator Mustafa Nawaz Khokar , who was the Naib Nazim of the Rawalpindi district in the local government system introduced by Gen Pervez Musharraf .
Although PPP 's candidates are also in the run but their presence is more or less invisible and they go unnoticed in public gatherings and parties . From NA-53 , as many as 36 candidates are contesting elections , the highest number of candidates in this election for a National Assembly constituency . Besides Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Imran Khan of PTI , All Pakistan Muslim League 's Dr Muhammad Amjad is also a candidate from this constituency with election symbol Eagle . A little known PPP 's Syed Sibtul Haider , the brother of former Senate chairman Syed Nayyar Bukhari is also a candidate from this constituency . PTI-Gulalai 's Chief Ayesha Gulalai , PML-N 's disgruntled leader Syed Zafar Ali Shah and MMA 's Mian Muhammad Aslam are also vying NA seat from this constituency .
From NA-54 , twenty-eight candidates are contesting polls . Prominent among them are Anjum Aqeel Khan , Asad Umar , former Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf 's younger brother Raja Imran Ashraf ( PPP ) and a PML-N disgruntled candidate Hafeezur Rehman Tipu .
With a population of 2.2 million , Islamabad has 765,348 registered voters in its three constituencies , including both rural and urban areas . NA-52 , a predominantly rural constituency has a total number of 231,256 registered voters and will have 245 polling stations and 835 polling booths . NA-53 with 311,529 registered voters has the largest number of voters in Islamabad and will have 325 polling stations and 1104 polling booths . NA-54 , the most urban constituency of the three is also the smallest constituency and has 218,697 registered voters . This constituency will have 216 polling stations and 754 polling .
Share on : WhatsApp
With the help of a Halifax-based orthopedic surgeon , one of the east coast 's hottest hockey prospects will be able to keep his career on track .
Jérémie Jacob , 16 , of Moncton , N.B. , was selected by the Saint John Sea Dogs in the 2017 QMJHL draft and is excited to get back on the ice .
“ It means everything . It 's my passion . My dad played , my brother plays my uncle played — they all played high-level hockey and I just want to do the same as them , ” he said .
In March , Jacob injured his shoulder when he fell playing hockey .
He now requires surgery , but with the assistance of a new technique engineered by Dr. Ivan Wong , Jacob 's comeback might be quicker than he could have imagined .
READ MORE : Get your hip replaced and walk the same day ? Surgical technique makes it possible
Over the past five years , Wong and his team at the QEII Health Sciences Centre , have helped develop a more advanced take on the Latarjet technique , a surgical procedure originating from France .
The new method avoids cutting a large muscle in the shoulder — the subscapularis .
“ This procedure is currently done in an open fashion which puts nerves and arteries at risk — about 20 to 40 per cent complication rate . We have demonstrated that we have zero nerve and vascular risks , ” said Wong .
Wong and his team have also developed what they call the “ Halifax Portal . ”
Accessing the shoulder was quite dangerous due to the risk of cutting nerves . This new tool allows surgeons to carry out the surgery with minimal risk .
READ MORE : First in-utero spina bifida surgery performed in Canada
“ I designed this portal by doing it backwards , called an inside-out technique , which means putting a blunt straight rod called a switching stick from the back of the shoulder and pushing it through the shoulder , above the subscapularis muscle , and lateral to the conjoined tendon , ” said Wong .
“ By doing this , the native muscle and tendon protect the nerves and vessels making this technique safe and avoids major complications . ”
This advanced surgery has been proven to be particularly successful thus far on young , male athletes , winning two national awards .
Jacob 's older brother , Alex , underwent the same surgery a few years ago .
“ [ Alex ] was in rehab for a bit but it was very successful and he has n't had any problems since , ” said Jacob .
“ I 'm happy I 'm getting the same one . ”
READ MORE : Brain surgery without breaking the skin a success at University of Calgary
Wong said when an athlete dislocates their shoulder , there is an 80 per cent chance of losing bone . He and his team use 3D printed models and CT imaging to detect bone loss in patients , making it easier for them to determine which type of surgery to perform .
“ Now that we know that the current techniques of repairing soft tissue is n't as successful long term , we 've now been looking at other ways to modify this , ” said Wong .
Wong is one of only a few doctors on the continent doing this type of surgery . He said that while it is more invasive than traditional techniques , it has proven to be effective .
He , along with Dr. Nathan Urquhart , have just submitted their results for publication to the American Journal of Sports Medicine . Wong said it shows that they were successful at preventing dislocations in patients who have failed their previous surgery — the soft tissue Bankart repair — which is the current standard of care .
READ MORE : Incision-free brain surgery now possible at Edmonton hospital
Jacob hopes the surgery will give him the edge he needs to get back on the ice and continue his hockey career .
Wong said Jacob will likely be able to return to the ice and begin his training again in six months .
The Department of Fisheries and Oceans ( DFO ) has told New Brunswick lobster fishermen that new rules will be enforced this season to protect endangered North Atlantic right whales .
The department issued the notice to fish harvesters on Tuesday , which includes several new measures that will impact the lobster industry .
The decision comes after 18 North Atlantic right whales were killed in Canadian and U.S. waters last year .
WATCH : New measures introduced to protect right whales
DFO will close parts of the water off the coast of New Brunswick to lobster fishermen , as they believe three whales died as a result of entanglement in fishing gear .
The department says a static closure will be enforced along New Brunswick 's northern coast , where 90 per cent of right whales were observed over the summer .
The static closure will be enforced from April 28 to June 30 .
READ MORE : Deaths of Right whales cost Gulf snow crab fishery its sustainable designation
Fisheries and Oceans says it will also enforce dynamic management closures , which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when the presence of North Atlantic right whales is observed .
Other measures lobster fishermen will have to adhere to include reducing the amount of rope floating on the surface of the water , a requirement to report all lost fishing gear , informing Fisheries and Oceans of all marine mammal interactions , and reporting sightings of live , free-swimming whales to Fisheries and Oceans .
READ MORE : Crews hope to free ‘ prolific ' female right whale named Kleenex from rope on jaw
Fisheries Minister Dominic LeBlanc announced changes to the dates of the snow crab season back in March , in an attempt to protect right whales in the Gulf of St. Lawrence .
The speed limit was also reduced to 10 knots for large ships in the Gulf last year and will be reinstated between April 28 and Nov. 15 .
There are believed to be fewer than 450 North Atlantic right whales remaining .
0
After showcasing a premiere date announcement teaser last week , the full teaser trailer for the upcoming Netflix series Altered Carbon has been released online . Based on the cyberpunk noir novel of the same name by Richard K. Morgan , the sci-fi series takes place 300 years in the future , in a world where humans ' consciousness can be transferred into new bodies , allowing them to live for hundreds of years . But when James Purefoy 's incredibly wealthy Laurens Bancroft is murdered , he hires an interstellar warrior to solve the case .
Joel Kinnaman , of The Killing and RoboCop fame , plays that warrior , Takeshi Kovacs . He 's the lone surviving soldier from a group that was defeated in an uprising , and his mind was imprisoned for centuries until Laurens pulls him out . The show certainly looks to be visually quite stunning , which is no surprise given that it 's directed by Miguel Sapochnik , who helmed the “ Battle of the Bastards ” episode of Game of Thrones . There are certainly strong hints of Blade Runner here , and it 'll be interesting to see how the full series unfolds .
Check out the new Altered Carbon trailer below . Written and produced by Laeta Kalogridis ( Shutter Island ) , the series also stars Renee Elise Goldsberry , Martha Higareda , Ato Essandoh , Chris Conner , Will Yun Lee , and Dichen Lachman . Altered Carbon premieres on Netflix on February 2 , 2018 .
What are the best alternatives to AppleTV out there ?
Maybe you love Apple TV * cough cough RENE cough cough * , or maybe you 're looking to stream on something a bit different . Maybe you 're looking for more options , a different browsing experience , or are wanting to spend less than that $ 199.00 to $ 269.00 pricetag .
Regardless of your reasons for striving for streaming superiority , there are so many services available out there that it 's pretty hard to make your choice .
Luckily for you , we put together a few of the most popular , top alternatives to the Apple TV so you can really explore all of the best options out there . Check 'em out !
Amazon Fire TV
Burn , baby , burn . That 's what it feels like with Amazon Fire TV !
Supporting 4K ultra HD so you can effortlessly watch 1080p streams on Netflix , Hulu , Amazon Video , and so much more , Amazon Fire TV lets you use over 7,000 different apps , games , and Alexa skills . For example , you can access over 300,000 movies and episodes of your favorite shows . Pretty insane , right ?
You can pick up Amazon Fire TV for around $ 89.99 , and with 75 % more processing power , better Wi-Fi- support , 2GB of memory , a dedicated graphics engine , and so much more , there 's nothing your Amazon Fire TV ca n't do ( except perform open-heart surgery . Pretty sure it ca n't do that ) .
See at Amazon
Roku Ultra Streaming Media Player
If you 're looking for gorgeous 4k streaming and HDR picture quality that promises brighter whites , vibrant colors , and deeper blacks , along with endless choices in content , then you have to check out the Roku Ultra Streaming Media Player .
Stream blockbusters , broadcast TV , big entertainment brands , and niche channels . Movies , TV shows , live sports , news and music .
Roku works in tandem with Netflix , Amazon Video , Hulu , Sling TV , VUDU , PBS KIDS , and over 350,000 movies and TV shows from across 3,500+ paid or free streaming channels .
All you need to do is install the Roku box , grab your remote control , and start streaming . Oh , and if you lose your remote , just press the button on your Roku Ultra and your remote will start to make noise so you can find it and start watching TV again !
See at Amazon
Google Chromecast Ultra
With Google Chromecast Ultra , you open up almost endless 4k possibilities through over 200,000 TV shows and movies , and over 30 million songs , including radio , podcasts , games , sports , and so , SO much more !
The cool thing about Chromecast is that even if your wifi network is n't ready for the intense demand 4k requires , your Chromecast will come with a built-in ethernet adaptor , `` so that you can enjoy rock solid streaming over a wired connection . ''
From the convenient Google Home app , you can easily explore and browse through featured content , new releases , blockbuster hits , and so much more , and when you 're not streaming , you can customize your TV screen with Google Photos , Facebook , Flickr , famous art , photography , and more !
See at Google
Roku Streaming Stick
If you 're looking to spend less than $ 50 on a quality streaming service that can literally fit in your back pocket , then we recommend taking a peek at the Roku Streaming Stick for around $ 39.99 .
Built with a powerful quad-core processor and able to stream thousands of channels and movie options with the free Roku app , this portable little stick can be used with hotel and dorm connections , your laptop , tablets , and so much more : it just depends on where you want to stream !
You can even use the Roku Stick to voice search your favorite titles , so even if you lose the remote , you still have complete control over what you 're watching .
See at Amazon
How do you stream ?
Are you using something other than Apple TV ? Let me know your favorite ways to stream in the comments below !
Iran will uphold the nuclear deal if it can continue to reap its economic benefits despite revived U.S. sanctions , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said yesterday during a visit to Vienna . The foreign ministers of Iran and five major powers will meet in the Austrian capital on Friday in an effort to save the agreement that is meant to prevent Iranian nuclear armament , the European Union confirmed .
The United States pulled out of the deal and took steps to reimpose economic sanctions in May , leaving Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China to salvage the 2015 agreement that is formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) .
`` We will stick to it as far as possible , on the condition that we can profit from the JCPOA , '' Rouhani told reporters after meeting Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen .
`` If the other signatory states can guarantee Iran 's interests , we will continue with the JCPOA without the U.S. , '' he added .
The nuclear pact that was agreed in Vienna in 2015 obliged Iran to curb its nuclear program and accept intrusive nuclear inspections to make sure that the Islamic Republic can not develop nuclear weapons .
Western sanctions including an embargo on Iranian oil exports were lifted in return .
On Friday , the five powers are expected to present a plan to prevent renewed economic isolation of Iran in spite of the looming U.S. sanctions . Friday 's meeting of the foreign ministers from Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China is due to be chaired by EU chief diplomat Federica Mogherini .
Staff Reporter
The National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) has recovered Rs 285 billion since its inception and deposited in national exchequer , according to NAB spokesperson . The spokesman said that the figures are indicative of the hard work being put in by all ranks of NAB staff in an atmosphere of renewed energy and dynamism , where fight against corruption is being taken as a national duty .
He said that NAB under the leadership of Qamar Zaman Chaudhry , Chairman NAB has chalked out a comprehensive National Anti- Corruption Strategy ( NACS ) for eradication of corruption and corrupt practices throughout the country . “ NAB works according to National Accountability Ordinance ( NAO ) 1999 , which empowers it to act against those who are involved in the corruption and corrupt practices , ” he added .
He said that corruption is an insidious plague that has a wide range of corrosive effects on societies and it undermines development and rule of law and is breeding ground for organized crimes in the society , perpetuates inefficiencies in the system and therefore spearheads regress .
He said that corruption was affecting the country just like a cancer . Awareness and prevention of corruption is a challenging task and as a Pakistanis it is our moral duty to spread awareness regarding the ill effects of the menace all the segments of the society should play an active role for the eradication of corruption from the country , he said .
He said that increase in the number of complaints also reflects enhanced public trusted in the NAB . The PILDAT report for the last year also supports the position stated above as 42 % people trusted NAB against 30 % for police and 29 % for government officials , he added .
He said that the recent reports of Transparency International also rated Pakistan in Corruption Perception Index ( CPI ) from 175 to 126 in 2014 and in 2015 and Corruption Perception Index ( CPI ) decreased from 126 to 117 . The World Economic Forum has also rated Pakistan from 126 to 122 in its competitive Report of 2016-17 which is a great achievement for Pakistan due to NAB 's efforts .
To create Awareness against the ill effects of corruption among the youth of Pakistan , National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) in collaboration with Higher Education Commission ( HEC ) signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) . Over 42000 Character Building Societies ( CBSs ) have been established by NAB in universities , colleges and schools to create awareness against corruption as youths are considered a vanguard in this fight , he said .
The NAB spokesman said that on the directions of Chairman NAB , a Standard Operating Procedure ( SOP ) has already been devised to rationalize the workload and timelines have been prescribed for efficient , effective and expeditious disposal of cases putting a maximum limit of 10 months- from complaint verification-to-inquiry- to-investigation and finally to a reference in the Accountability Court . In order to ensure uniformity and standardization , the Standard Operating Procedure ( SOP ) in vogue were revised after a gap of 10 years to make these responsive to the needs of changed economic , social and technological realities along with goals and targets for smooth conduct of operational activities in accordance with Law and to bring further improvements in the performance of NAB Regional Bureaus .
The performance Evaluation of all NAB 's Regional Bureaus is being done under Party Quantified Grading System at prescribed criteria and NAB has developed Monitoring and Evaluation ( M & E ) System catering the needs of all concerned having salient features of maintenance of data at each stage including complaint entry , complaint verification , inquiry , investigation , prosecution stage and record preservation of Regional Board Meetings and Executive Board Meetings including case brief , decisions made and list of participants attended the meeting with time & date and setting up of an effective Monitoring and Evaluation ( M & E ) System and ability to analyze data in qualitative and quantitative form having warnings and alarms system for violators .
He said that NAB with improved infrastructure and rationalized workload , timelines have been prescribed for efficient , effective and expeditious disposal of case putting a maximum limit of 10 months- from complaint verification-to-inquiry-to investigation and finally to a reference in Accountability Court .
He said that NAB has devised a centralized monitoring mechanism to ensure compliance with the SOP 's and prescribed timelines . The meeting reviewed the performance of NAB 's field formations and expressed satisfaction that the schedule and timelines were being observed and it also evaluated the efficacy of the concept of CIT and observed that the CIT had indeed improved the quality of investigations as well as the professional capacity of Investigation officers ( IOs ) , he said and added that the Internal Accountability Mechanism ( IAM ) recently devised will ensure quick and effective monitoring and evaluation of all levels of work force in NAB .
According to details NAB has approved Internal Accountability Mechanism ( IAM ) within NAB with a view to weed out such elements that for reasons of inefficiency , misconduct , malpractice and violation of laid down SOPs/Rules and bring a bad name to the organization . Chairman NAB has directed Senior Member Chairman Inspection and Monitoring Team ( CI & MT ) to issue policy guidelines to all Regional Bureaus of NAB for implementation and application .
Share :
LOS ANGELES : -Dave Bautista has confirmed he will appear in the fourth 'Avengers ' movie . The
49-year-old actor plays the part of Drax in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , and despite 'Avengers : Infinity War ' ending on a cliffhanger , Dave has revealed he will star in the sequel , as well as 'Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol . 3 ' . He shared : `` I do n't know if I was supposed to , but I believe that I 've already said publicly that I am in both . '' However , Dave has insisted that , for the time being , he still does n't know how or when Drax will return to the money-spinning franchise .
He told Den of Geek : `` We do n't know . I do n't even know . I have n't read the script for either , and , you know , I 've talked to James . ''
Despite this , Dave happily admitted he is most excited about returning to the 'Guardians ' franchise , which has become one of Marvel 's biggest success stories .
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation , Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model i-MiEV Lancer Mirage Mirage G4 Outlander Outlander Plug-in Outlander Sport GO 1 . Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In ? Yes No 3 . Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information !
Move over Outlander , Mitsubishi Motors Corporation is reviving the Eclipse badge for a new compact SUV , which will be unveiled next month at the 2017 Geneva auto show .
From the looks of the teaser photos , the new crossover incarnation keeps the bubbly rear end and well-rounded front mug of the Eclipse coupe sold from 1989 to 2012 . It also resembles Mitsubishi 's GT-PHEV Concept we spotted at last year 's Paris auto show .
From the side profile , the Eclipse Cross resembles a sporty station wagon . The company says the name Cross is short for crossover .
Very clever MitMoCo , very clever . And we thought it referred to the expression “ do n't get cross with me . ”
“ Eclipse is a word used to describe an astronomical event . Marrying stylish coupe lines with the freedom of movement the SUV genre gives , the Eclipse Cross ' beautiful , dynamic form serves to bring about the same sense of excitement and inspiration as the diamond ring seen immediately before and after a total solar eclipse does , ” states the press release from Mitsubishi . But wait , there 's more !
“ The high-saturation red body color newly developed for the model is also reflected in the name to evoke the brilliance of the prominence seen during the total solar eclipse . ”
Kind of like a big heart . And since Mitsubishi announced this news on Valentine 's Day , it 's like receiving a love letter from a sweetheart . Well , maybe not quite .
Mitsubishi says the all-new Eclipse will make its debut at the 87th Geneva International Motor Show next month . We ca n't wait to see the Cross — crossover up close .
Untethered , but not off the leash quite yet .
For years , I 've dreamed of an Apple Watch with LTE . I do a fair bit of bike riding and — if my bike is broken — will even succumb to a run or two sometimes . Like most people , I take my iPhone with me every time . Between a family and work , I need to be accessible , even if I 'm out and about . And becuase I use an iPhone 7 Plus as my daily driver , this means putting up with carrying a huge slab of glass and aluminum everywhere I go . It can be frustrating , and yes — it 's a shattered screen just waiting to happen .
The LTE Apple Watch promises to solve this . Leave your silly phone behind , it whispers , and it 'll just be you and me .
The LTE Apple Watch promises to solve this . Leave your silly phone behind , it whispers , and it 'll just be you and me . For basic connectivity , it does the bill : My spouse can call me if something comes up , and my business partner can send me an iMessage if he needs anything . I can take a call or reply with Siri quickly and easily , all while I take a quick break from filling my rings . If I am involved in an accident or need help , I can get in touch with anyone in my Contacts list with ease .
But living that Watch-only lifestyle with the iPhone behind me is n't quite as easy as I had hoped it would be .
Cars and the Apple Watch do not mix
Something as simple as listening to music in my car with just my Apple Watch has proven difficult : During an untimely iPhone screen repair , I found myself in need of music for my 2014 Toyota , with only my watch at hand . Unfortunately , while my iPhone has been able to auto-pair with my car for years , the Watch is a different story — while they could see each other over Bluetooth , they failed to connect whatsoever .
Turns out , that sort of Bluetooth connection just is n't supported by watchOS at this point . I guess if I leave my iPhone behind , I 'll need to grab an iPod instead to avoid listening to terrestrial radio .
The Apple Watch app problem
Here 's the bigger problem I 'm running into : A bunch of my Apple Watch apps are n't really ready to be independent of their phone-based parents .
As of watchOS 3 , developers could build apps that could connect directly to a web service or server , bypassing the iPhone completely . As such , when the LTE Watch was announced , there were theoretically a bunch of apps ready on day one to live iPhone-free .
The reality is less rosy : Very few apps are truly iPhone free . Many need you to set up a profile on the iPhone first , due to privacy permissions for things like Health or logging into an online account . Others are still stuck in the past , and ca n't be used independently of the iPhone at all .
Like many companies , Relay FM depends on Slack for almost all of our internal communication . Without the iPhone , however , the watchOS app is currently ... less than helpful . The same goes for Tweetbot , my Twitter app of choice . If I want to check my home security cameras , I 'm out of luck there , too . And that 's not even mentioning the utter lack of podcast playback support .
Indian blockbuster , “ Baahubali 2 : The Conclusion ” is set to be released in China in the next months . It joins a growing number of Indian films to crack the world 's second largest film market .
The fantasy action film is to be released by EStars Media , which previously handled “ Baahubali : The Beginning , ” in China . The sequel has now cleared the censorship process , but does not yet have a settled release date . International sales are handled by an offshoot of producer Arka MediaWorks .
Directed by S.S. Rajamouli and starring Prabhas , Rana Daggubati , Anushka Shetty and Tamannaah Bhatia , “ Baahubali 2 ” was released in April last year in India and most major territories . It is one of the three highest-grossing Indian films of all time with a lifetime $ 131 million gross .
Before the current boom in interest in Indian movies , “ Baahubali : The Beginning ” earned a modest $ 1.12 million of its worldwide $ 123 million total in China .
Indian films have recently broke through to attract mainstream interest in China . Last year , Aamir Khan-starring ” Dangal ” earned an astonishing $ 195 million on release in China , lifting its global total to the highest ever for an Indian film with $ 302 million . Released in January thisyear , another Aamir Khan film “ Secret Superstar ” recently earned $ 118 million . The three-year-old Salman Khan vehicle “ Bajrangi Bhaijaan ” is also currently on release in China and stands on a current total of $ 36.6 million .
Also approved for release in China , is 2017 drama “ Hindi Medium. ” The film stars Irrfan Khan ( “ The Lunchbox ” ) and Pakistan 's Saba Qamar ( “ Manto ” ) and is set to hit Chinese theaters on April 4 , over the Qing Ming holiday weekend .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - BP Plc :
* ‍BP TO EXPAND RETAIL BUSINESS IN CHINA , PARTNERING WITH DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL ACROSS THREE PROVINCES​
* ‍SUBJECT TO REGULATORY APPROVALS , PARTNERSHIP WITH DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL WILL START OPERATIONS IN 2018 AND NETWORK IS EXPECTED TO GROW TO 500 SITES IN 10 YEARS​
* ‍BP HAS A 49 PCT EQUITY SHARE OF JOINT VENTURE AND DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL REMAINING 51 PCT​ Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
Napolitano said the guarantee could be in place for fall 2019 but must be carefully implemented with the UC Academic Senate and community college officials `` to make sure we get it right . '' Academic leaders , for instance , would need to set eligibility standards , including what type of courses potential transfer students must take and what grades they need to get in them .
Doha : A $ 12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 United States fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington , a Qatari official said on Thursday , adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the US relationship with Doha .
Qatar is facing a severe economic and diplomatic boycott by Saudi Arabia and its regional allies who cut ties last week , accusing it of funding terrorist groups , a charge Doha denies .
US president Donald Trump has repeatedly echoed the accusations against Qatar , even as his defense and state departments have tried to remain neutral in the dispute among key allies . Qatar is home to the headquarters for US air forces in West Asia .
On Wednesday , US defense secretary Jim Mattis signed the previously-approved warplane deal with Qatari minister of state for defence Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah . Qatar 's ambassador to the United States , Meshal Hamad al-Thani , posted a picture of the signing ceremony on Twitter .
`` This is of course proof that US institutions are with us but we have never doubted that , '' a Qatari official in Doha said . `` Our militaries are like brothers . America 's support for Qatar is deep-rooted and not easily influenced by political changes . ''
A Qatari defence ministry source said the deal was for 36 jets . In November , under the administration of Barack Obama , the United States approved a possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for $ 21.1 billion . Boeing , the prime contractor on the sale , declined to comment .
A European diplomat in the Gulf said the timing of the deal appeared coincidental .
`` Presumably the US could have delayed the deal if they 'd wanted to , although I do n't think there 's a great connect between sales and foreign policy . ''
Qatar is an important base for the US military carrying out operations against Islamic State militants and other groups in Iraq , Syria , Afghanistan and beyond . Al Udeid air base in Qatar is home to more than 11,000 US and coalition troops .
Qatar 's state news agency said on Wednesday that two US warships arrived at Hamad port in Qatar as part of a planned joint military exercise involving marine forces .
The Pentagon said the jets sale will increase security cooperation between the US and Qatar and help them operate together . It added that Mattis and Attiyah had also discussed the current state of operations against Islamic State and the importance of de-escalating tensions in the Gulf .
The fighter jet deal had been stalled amid concerns raised by Israel that equipment sent to Gulf states could fall into the wrong hands and be used against it , and by the Obama administration 's broader decision-making on military aid to the Gulf .
Trump , who took office in January , has accused Qatar of being a `` high-level '' sponsor of terrorism , potentially hindering the state department 's efforts to help ease the worst diplomatic crisis between Gulf Arab states for years .
Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu is expected in Kuwait on Thursday after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in his quest to help broker an end to the dispute . Kuwait has emerged as the main mediator in the crisis .
Turkey has backed Qatar in the crisis and President Tayyip Erdoğan 's spokesman said on Wednesday the rift was damaging the Islamic world and Ankara would do all it could by diplomatic channels to prevent any escalation .
Founded in 1733 , Savannah , Georgia , was the country 's first planned city . With an elaborate design that boasted public squares , neoclassical architecture , and a road system that allowed the urban market to flourish , the city was ahead of its time . Today , the historic downtown is known for its unique infrastructure and breadth of architectural gems , attracting millions of visitors each year . Although the city will always lovingly celebrate its past , it is looking to the future with a 2018 redesign of the historic downtown area that will make better use of the waterside space and public areas , and improve the overall experience for residents and visitors alike . The city of Savannah tapped global urban design firm EDSA to take on the task , with an emphasis on preserving its rich history . AD spoke with John Torti , a senior associate at EDSA , about the firm 's design plans , the obstacles they faced , and how they intend to stay true to Savannah 's historic roots .
Pinterest Photo : Getty Images
Architectural Digest : What are the primary reasons the city of Savannah is ready for a major redesign ?
John Torti : Savannah is known for its rich history , and tourism is a vital component of the local economy . In recent years the historic downtown area has seen a surge in development projects , and the city thought it was an appropriate time to improve the public realm .
AD : Walk us through the plans .
JT : Once we understood the vision and created our guiding principles for the project we came up with two initial concepts for the community to react to . One focuses on the historical significance of the city , pulling cues from the city 's grid system , the use of live oak trees , and the historic building materials . The other ties in with the city 's relationship to the water , in this case the Savannah River , which really is the true lifeline of the city—it 's what brought the first ships there in 1733 . This plan lends itself more towards wayfinding , using palm trees and nautical detailing to orient users in the downtown area and guide them to the river .
AD : How are you working with the community during this project ?
JT : We 've done a lot of consensus building within the community , it 's been an integral part of the design process . Throughout the conceptual design phase , which we actually just wrapped up , we had a series of six meetings with the public , and at each meeting we honed the design and got input from the residents and the city so we could ultimately create a cohesive design that works for all users .
Pinterest Photo : Getty Images
AD : What are some of the major challenges of redesigning a historic city ?
JT : We often find certain needs from the community exceed the space we have to work with . This is very common when working in historical places , whether we have to work with existing buildings or 100-year-old oak trees , those things define the space that you have and as designers we need to get creative with the space allotted . Through several evolutions of planning , we began to work with the constraints and find a way to celebrate them in the process .
AD : What were you most excited about when taking on this project ?
JT : As designers , nothing excites us more than to see our vision become reality . We focus on implementation and we pride ourselves on this . Creating a cohesive , innovative public space that enhances the quality of life for Savannah residents really brings us great joy .
Pinterest John Torti
AD : Are there any eco-friendly initiatives involved in EDSA 's design ?
JT : It 's always important for us to be as sustainable as possible , whether it 's the use of building materials or the type of infrastructure we implement . We have many different green goals , such as the use of bioswales and permeable paving that will reduce the amount of burden on the existing infrastructure . We also hope the city takes cues from this and begins to make these new standards for future projects .
AD : In what ways will Savannah benefit from the redesign ?
JT : The ultimate plan , once implemented , will provide a safe , walkable public realm that enriches the quality of life for Savannah residents while continuing to exceed visitors ' expectations . It will be a design that celebrates the city 's natural and timeless beauty while preserving the history and tradition of Savannah—making it a model city for another century to come .
Should the Monday after the Super Bowl be a national holiday ?
A new survey shows that 72 percent of hiring managers think the Monday after the Super Bowl should be a paid national holiday .
Why ? Because more than 25 percent of polled employees admitted to skipping work the day following a major sporting event , including the NBA Finals and World Series , according to the survey .
Robin Ankton , regional vice president at Robert Half , says some companies are trying to get in front of the issue by offering time-off programs where employees can request days off , giving employers a little more control .
“ I believe there can be some flexibility provided for employees , even if it 's an hour , coming in late , ” Ankton said . “ Or getting in front of it , which is maybe having blitzes or a friendly competition in the office for which team you 're rooting for , but I have n't heard it get any legs as far as it being a national holiday . ”
The survey also showed that 40 percent of employees ages 18 to 34 have most frequently called in sick or had an excuse to miss work after a major sporting event , while 44 percent of workers in that age range are most likely to be late to the office following a major event .
“ I think it 's an all-day event , ” Ankton said . “ It might be on for just a few hours , but a lot of people make it a huge celebration , so they 're celebrating all day and well after the game if their team wins . ”
What do you think ? Should the Monday after the Super Bowl be a national holiday ? Will you be taking a little extra time off after this weekend ?
🏈Should the day after the Super Bowl be a holiday ? 🏈 More : http : //wink.news/2DW0gJ8 Posted by WINK News on Friday , February 2 , 2018
Author : WWJ
Kamala Khan is n't your average comic book hero . She 's a Pakistani-American Muslim teenager who lives in Jersey City and spends as much time writing fanfiction as she does save the city . It 's great to see how fans have embraced this new iteration of Ms. Marvel . But while the comic book series has certainly been a hit , the female superhero has yet to be represented in any shows or movies ( bar one episode of Avengers Assembles ) . Until now , that is .
Ms Marvel will star in the popular Marvel anime , The Future Avengers . The Future Avengers is one of the six Marvel anime series that is being made in association with Marvel Entertainment . The anime , which airs exclusively in Japan , revolves around Makoto , a young boy who gains superpowers due to an evil gene manipulation experiment . Makoto and other kids join the # Avengers as apprentices named `` Future Avengers '' where they train under Iron Man , Captain America , Hulk , Thor , and Wasp . Although characters like Spider-Man ( Miles Morales ) , Captain Marvel and Deadpool have all appeared in the show , this will mark the first time for # MsMarvel .
Kamala in 'Future Avengers ' [ Credit : Marvel & Dlife ]
The character 's inclusion in the show is great for fans of the character but also marks a stride forward in terms of representing more diverse # superheroes on screen . In many ways , Kamala has been a symbol for the change in the comic book industry and the acceptance of non-white characters .
As one of the few Muslim superheroes , and by far the most successful , Ms Marvel 's background has endeared her to many fans for whom she is much-needed representation . But above all , it 's Kamala 's youth and vigor that has endeared her to so many people , making her an iconic character for a new generation of comic book lovers — since she 's everything that we Millennials embody .
Although it is n't clear how Kamala will fit in Future Avengers , her inclusion is certainly going to bring in more viewers to the # anime series . Hopefully this is only the beginning of Kamala 's onscreen representation . Back in 2016 , Marvel 's ex-CCO hinted at Kamala 's involvement in the # MCU . Her status as an Inhuman should also allow her easy access into the ABC 's # Inhumans world . Kamala is certainly one of the best modern heroes Marvel has to offer so let 's hope that we see more and more of her in days to come . In the meantime , you can check out Ms Marvel 's anime debut on Crunchyroll !
Would you like to see more of Ms. Marvel ? Shoot me a comment below .
( Source : comicbook.com )
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan and India yesterday exchanged lists of their nuclear installations and facilities under a 1988 agreement amid the ongoing tension , officials here said .
The nuclear armed neighbours had agreed in 1988 not to attack each other 's nuclear facilities . Under the deal , the two also notify each other about their missile tests .
“ The lists were exchanged simultaneously in Islamabad and New Delhi through diplomatic channels . This was the 22nd such exchange , ” said a Foreign Ministry official .
India 's External Affairs Ministry also confirmed the exchange of nuclear facilities list .
The two countries carried the nukes tests towards the end of the 20th century but have not been officially inducted in the nuclear club so far .
Both are candidates to be included in the elite Nuclear Suppliers Group . In the last meeting in June , India 's bid was blocked mainly by China who advocated induction of Pakistan if India – a non-signatory of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty - was accepted as a member . Other members also partially supported Pakistan .
Pakistan and India also exchanged the lists of prisoners yesterday under a separate agreement signed in 2008 . These lists are exchanged twice a year , on January 1 and July 1 .
The Foreign Ministry official said that despite the fact that the exchange of lists was a positive step , it did not mean any thaw in bilateral ties .
“ This is just a routine formality . Pakistan does want India to resume bilateral talks to improve ties , ” he said .
Earlier , Adviser to Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz said that Islamabad supported all efforts for Pak-India dialogue .
He said that Pakistan 's efforts to have friendly ties with India met a set back after the election of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister .
Tension between Pakistan and India has been running high since July after the killing of freedom fighter Burhan Wani . The Indian forces killed dozens of protesters to quell the following agitation .
The tensions rose further when New Delhi blamed Pakistan for the Uri attack , which inflicted the heaviest toll on the Indian Army in a single incident in 14 years . About 19 soldiers were killed in the strike . Pakistan denied any link .
Pakistan and India have been involved in four wars - including one undeclared war - since partition of British India in 1947 and many border skirmishes and military standoffs .
London : Southampton sacked manager Claude Puel after less than a year on Wednesday as the Frenchman paid the price for a dismal end to the season .
Puel-led Southampton to the League Cup final in February , but a 3-2 defeat to Manchester United ended his hopes of silverware and was followed by a woeful run of results in the run-in .
Southampton won only one of their final eight league games , scoring just one goal in their last five home matches . They finished eighth in the table with their lowest points tally in four years .
`` Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect , '' the club said in a statement .
`` Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year . ''
Following the departure of Ronald Koeman to Everton , the 55-year-old Puel joined the club June 2016 , after spending four years at French side Nice .
The club had finished sixth under Koeman in 2015-16 , but Puel 's league results were mixed throughout the campaign .
He did enjoy success in the League Cup , however , eliminating Arsenal in the quarter-finals , before beating Liverpool home and away in the semi-final to get to Wembley .
Their run was halted in the final , however , as United 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice , including an 87th-minute winner .
`` The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the EFL Cup final , a day our fans will always treasure , '' Southampton added in their statement .
Former Southampton great Matt Le Tissier told Sky Sports that it was Puel 's failure to entertain fans that ultimately cost him his job .
`` I think the main sticking point was the lack of goals and the lack of entertaining football , '' Le Tissier said .
`` No goals in the last five home games was a big factor . I am afraid that was what cost him his job .
`` There is a lot of sympathy when you look at the eighth-place finish and cup final . On paper , it does n't look a bad season , but if you have watched a lot of games this season , it has been a backward step . ''
The club said the search for a new manager is already underway and they were confident of finding the right fit for the club 's `` long term vision '' .
Former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel is the bookmakers ' early favourite to replace Puel .
Firefighters battled a blaze at a home in Ancaster on Friday night that resulted in more than a million dollars in damages .
Emergency crews responded to a report of smoke conditions at 85 Chancery Dr. off Golf Links Road shortly after 8 p.m .
When they arrived , firefighters searched the home and found a well-developed fire in the basement .
Firefighters tried to battle the blaze from inside the house but withdrew from the building when it became clear that the first floor was unstable .
At that point , emergency crews focused on confining the fire to keep it from spreading to neighbouring houses .
Lots of smoke visible as @ HamiltonFireDep crews continue working to put out a house fire on Chancery Drive in Ancaster ( southwest of Highway 403 and the Linc ) . The last report from officials said there were no reports of injuries . # HamOnt pic.twitter.com/rajTQm5EPN — Nick Westoll ( @ NWestoll ) February 3 , 2018
The blaze was extinguished and no one was injured .
Damages are estimated at $ 1.5 million and the cause of the fire is currently unknown .
The Office of the Ontario Fire Marshal has been called in due to the extent of the damage .
A special investigation by the State Auditor 's Office finds a tangled mess of interaction between the Appanoose County Conservation Department and the Appanoose Conservation Foundation .
Auditor Mary Mosiman says the report found operation did n't follow the proper guidelines . “ The foundation was established to support the department 's efforts . Instead , the department appears to be financially supporting the efforts administered by the foundation , ” Mosiman explains . She says the found nearly $ 74,000 that was improperly spent .
“ Various employee benefit payouts to the former Appanoose County Conservation Department director , such as vacation payout and termination payouts , ” according to Mosiman . “ We also had concerns regarding commingling of transactions involving property between the department and the foundation as well as things like rent collections on one of the county properties that went to the foundation instead of to the county . ”
Mosiman says the issues arose during the tenure of former Conservation Department director Mark Hoffman . The audit found Hoffman maintained a significant role in the foundation after being fired by the county . She says land issues were a big part of the concerns — and cites the sale of one piece of land as an example .
Mosiman says in one case the county sold land to the foundation and the document of the sale amount was zero , but within a week the land was sold by the foundation for $ 280,000 . Mosiman says relatives of Hoffman were allowed to live on county property without paying rent during and after the time they worked for the county . The report finds other nepotism issues in payments made to the relatives of Hoffman by the foundation . Mosiman says Appanoose County leaders are working to address the concerns raised in the report and says it will take some to work to turn things around .
“ The lines have been blurred here for several years between the foundation and the county department . That 's what this report details — all the various ways in which that commingling takes place , ” Mosiman says . Mosiman says the report has been turned over to the Appanoose County Attorney Attorney General 's Office , and the Division of Criminal Investigation for their review to determine if there are any criminal charges .
Here 's the investigation report : Appanoose-County-Investigation-PDF
Betsy Stover was 17 when her mother asked her to help fax strangers , hawking a service that had the markings of a pyramid scheme .
“ I always felt like a creep sending unsolicited faxes , ” said Stover , who hated the chore , but knew the work required cold calls to succeed .
Stover , now a 38-year-old comedian based in Los Angeles , had largely forgotten about the experience until about three years ago . That 's when her Facebook feed started filling up with new direct sales posts touting cosmetics , jewelry and leggings .
Unbeknownst to her , friends Stover had n't seen in years had added her to private Facebook groups promoting body oils and makeup . She had little interest . It felt too similar to her mother 's get-rich-quick schemes , which had more to do with recruiting new distributors than selling actual products .
“ It was super awkward , ” said Stover , who discreetly left the groups . “ With these people , there was always a looming sales pitch in the background . ”
Unsolicited calls and face-to-face pitches once defined multilevel marketing — a $ 35-billion industry that recruits an ever expanding network of independent distributors to sell their products rather than rely on bricks-and-mortar stores .
Instead , today 's generation of multilevel marketing brands including Rodan + Fields , Stella & Dot and LipSense are often discovered on social media platforms such as Facebook , which gives distributors instant access to a vast network of potential customers and recruits with the swipe of a finger .
Rather than suffer the humiliation of cold calling , adherents can blast sales pitches and promote their brands online with little effort , attracting increasingly distant acquaintances who would have been previously unreachable .
It 's why many women such as Stover have seen their news feeds transformed from a place to keep up with friends and family into a clutter of livestreamed sales events , invitations to trunk shows and incessant promotional threads about moisturizers and lipsticks .
“ This is what multilevel marketing has always done , ” said Richard FitzPatrick , president of watchdog group Pyramid Scheme Alert . “ It is the only business that ignores the boundaries of private life and professional life . It simply follows where people are gathered , and now that people communicate on digital forums like Facebook , it has invaded social networks . ”
Jason Wachter / St . Cloud Times Some of the inventory Pamela Winkelman has not sold . Some of the inventory Pamela Winkelman has not sold . ( Jason Wachter / St . Cloud Times )
No recent company exemplifies the industry 's shift more fittingly — and controversially — than LuLaRoe , a Corona multilevel marketing brand that through Facebook developed a cult-like following for its patterned leggings and is now the target of five class-action lawsuits .
One of those suits , filed in October , seeks $ 1 billion in damages and alleges LuLaRoe operated a pyramid scheme , enriching itself by primarily selling inventory to its distributors , or sales consultants , rather than its customers .
The plaintiffs say the company did this by using social media to lure a sales force mostly made up of stay-at-home mothers into paying thousands of dollars to become consultants with dim hopes of turning a profit .
“ Defendants achieved such rapid growth by enticing consultants with social media posts boasting large bonus checks and other lavish material possessions , ” the suit says . Those rewards were celebrated with the hashtag # becauseofLLR .
Another popular social media slogan , “ Part-time work for full time pay , ” has been chided by critics as mostly untrue except for those lucky enough to get in on the business early .
LuLaRoe , which was founded in 2012 and surpassed $ 2 billion in annual sales this year , called the lawsuits baseless . The company said it has given thousands of consultants the opportunity to earn income . And it rejected allegations it was a pyramid scheme , explaining it does not reward consultants for simply signing up new sellers , but instead offers bonuses based on a cut of retail sales achieved by a consultant 's recruits .
Only 27 % of LuLaRoe 's consultants received such bonus payments last year , which means about a quarter of the company 's consultants were involved in recruiting and maintaining a sales team — the multilevel part of multilevel marketing .
“ LuLaRoe has grown exponentially over the last four years . Our success has made us the target of orchestrated competitive attacks and predatory litigation . We take all litigation — regardless of its lack of merit — seriously , ” the company said in a statement .
In addition to the pyramid scheme claims , LuLaRoe has been saddled with complaints about shoddy merchandise , an unfair return policy and unsympathetic leadership ( consultants say the company pressured mothers to sell their breast milk to pay for more inventory ) .
“ It was an endless chain . They always wanted you to buy more , ” said Pamela Winkelman , a Minnesota consultant who was introduced to LuLaRoe over Facebook and is a member of the $ 1-billion class action .
Before the lawsuits , LuLaRoe had built an ultra-loyal following thanks to its buttery soft leggings . The company 's embrace of all body types positioned it as something of an anti-Lululemon , the maker of pricey yoga pants whose former chief executive once suggested its clothes were n't appropriate for bigger women .
By 2015 , LuLaRoe had become a social media sensation . Its clothes could n't be found at stores or e-commerce sites . Instead , women had to join private Facebook groups run by the company 's consultants .
Once in , they had to hope the seller had their size and pattern — not an easy task because consultants had no say over what pieces LuLaRoe would give them to sell .
Those restrictions on supply sparked a frenzy . Women joined multiple Facebook groups scavenging for rare leggings — known as unicorns — with playful prints such as purple dragons or the solar system . Eventually , unicorns would show-up on EBay for double or triple their typical $ 25 sticker price .
Dean Middlebrook pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to a series of horrifying acts of domestic violence .
Dean Middlebrook pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to a series of horrifying acts of domestic violence . Contributed
A MAN who subjected his former partner to horrific abuse , including shoving a hose down her throat , has said he was motivated by love in a letter to the court .
Dean Middlebrook 's family filled half the gallery of the Maroochydore District Court in support of him as he pleaded guilty to a series of domestic violence incidents between April 2016 and March 2017 .
During the most serious act in February 2017 , the victim went to Middlebrook 's home while he was n't there to pick some of her things with her ex-partner .
While they were there , Middlebrook , 49 , returned and began verbally abusing the two of them , so the woman 's ex left .
Middlebrook then punched the woman in the face , kicked her twice in the back and spat on her face before he took her car keys and stole $ 100 from her car .
As the woman screamed for help , Middlebrook grabbed her by the throat , dragged her over to a garden hose and began spraying her with water .
He then shoved the hose down her throat while it was turned on and laughed as he kept taking it in and out .
Middlebrook told her he wanted to talk , but when she cried for help again he kicked her in the groin .
The woman managed to get away and reported the incident to police .
In a letter Middlebrook sent the woman the following month , he told her he would love her until she died and that he would kill himself before he went to prison .
Middlebrook was facing 15 charges including three counts of choking , suffocation or strangulation in a domestic relationship , two counts of assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and one count of stealing .
He also pleaded guilty to breaching a domestic violence order four times .
During other acts of violence , Middlebrook hit the woman in the face and lifted her up by the throat until her feet were off the floor .
He was arrested in March last year and has been in custody since .
Middlebrook 's lawyer , Joshua Jones told the court his client did n't have the skills to deal with his victim 's alcohol problems and had never been violent in previous relationships .
Judge John Robertson said in a letter to him , Middlebrook had shown a `` sense of self entitlement '' and indicated the violence rose out of `` love clouding judgement '' .
Middlebrook was ordered to a head sentence of three years , with the term to be suspended after 378 days , which he has already served .
The sentence will be active for an operational period of four years .
BARNSLEY head coach Paul Heckingbottom was left frustrated with his side 's missed chances as they were held to a draw at home to Brentford .
Marley Watkins put the home side ahead before Florian Joefzoon equalised for the visitors , who also missed a penalty when Jota 's effort from the spot was saved .
Barnsley opened the scoring when Josh Scowen 's cross picked out Watkins , whose effort found the net with the aid of a deflection in the 28th minute .
Jozefzoon equalised four minutes before half-time , slotting the ball past Adam Davies after receiving a fine through-ball from Jota .
Brentford were awarded a 47th-minute penalty when Sergi Canos 's shot was blocked inside the area by Angus MacDonald , but Jota 's spot-kick was superbly saved by Adam Davies .
Heckingbottom said : “ We feel we did more than enough to win , but we missed the final bit of quality . I was pleased in terms of the performance , but we should have had more goals . Those moments of quality were missing and we know we can be better . ”
We should have had more goals . Those moments of quality were missing and we know we can be better . Barnsley manager , Paul Heckingbottom
Barnsley : Davies , Janko , Roberts , MacDonald , Jones , Scowen , James , Moncur ( Hedges 82 ) , Watkins , Bradshaw ( Armstrong 68 ) , Kent . Unused substitutes : Lee , Townsend , Evans , Mowatt , Williams .
Brentford : Bonham , Clarke , Dean , Egan , Henry , Woods ( Yennaris 68 ) , Kerschbaumer ( McCormack 75 ) , Jota , Sawyers , Jozefzoon , Vibe ( Canos 30 ) . Unused substitutes : Bentley , Hofmann , Barbet , Field .
Referee : Robert Jones ( Merseyside ) .
No injuries were reported at the scene of a garbage fire East of Aberdeen this morning . The Aberdeen Fire Department was called to the 300 block of Hagara Street of Junction City , near Sierra Pacific Industries , just before 7 am Monday morning .
Battalion Chief Damon Lillybridge said from the scene , “ We got a call from across the street , they saw the fire , heard some explosions over here. ” Crews were sifting through some of the burned garbage as we spoke . Lillybridge added , “ Upon arrival just lots of flames in here so we 're just going to get in here , get ‘ er out , and see what we can find . ”
Lillybridge said there was no home on the property – or nearby , to worry about . Flames mingled between a burned-out camper and piles of tires as crews worked to contain the fire to the property .
Smoke visible from West Aberdeen appeared to come from a third smokestack near Sierra Pacific and Lakeside Industries mills this morning .
Comments
Haubstadt , IN – February 2 , 2018 . Tri-State Speedway at Haubstadt , IN , will hold this year 's season opener for the track on Saturday April 14th . The winged sprint cars of the World of Outlaws will headline the show that evening . This appearance is the only time the outlaws will race at Haubstadt during the season . It will be one great start to a varied and promising schedule consisting of twelve special events .
The non-wing sprint cars will make a first appearance at Tri-State Speedway on Saturday April 28th . Spectators will witness the action as the United States Auto Club Sprints and the Midwest Sprint Car Series Sprints compete in the co-sanctioned “ Spring Showdown ” paying
$ 5,000 to win .
There will be two races during May . The annual “ Midwest Madness ” event will be followed by the “ Memorial Weekend Classic. ” The MOWA Wing Sprints will share the race card with MSCS on May 12th . Then on Sunday May 27th MMSA Mini Sprints will appear along with the MSCS 410 Sprints .
The UMP Open Wheel Modifieds will continue to anchor the programs at the track . The class will make 11 appearances during the season .
Plus the feature winners will receive $ 1,000 on April 14 , July 28th , September 2nd , and October 13th . Then at the Summit Modified show on Sunday June 24th the feature will pay $ 1,500 . That is on the date for the annual Late Model Summernationals event .
Earlier that month on June 9th the MSCS Sprints will compete in a co-sanctioned event with the POWRi WAR Sprints . The winner for this “ Summer Showdown ” will receive $ 5,000 . The race will mark the first time these two organizations will meet .
The MOWA Wing Sprints will return to race on July 14th . It is the “ Sprint Stampede ” with a triple header including the MSCS Sprints and the MMSA Mini Sprints . It will be an all sprint car tripleheader !
MMSA will also return to race at the “ Harvest Cup ”
The MSCS Sprints will make 9 appearances at the track during 2018 . In addition to the events already mentioned MSCS will compete in the “ Hoosier Sprint Nationals ” on August 11th and the “ Harvest Cup ” which will conclude the season on October 13th . Both of these MSCS features pay $ 5,000 to win . The IMCA Racesaver Sprints will be added as an additional class for the “ Hoosier Sprint Nationals ” this season . The “ Labor Day Weekend Challenge ” for MSCS on Sunday September 2nd has a $ 3,000 to win purse .
On July 28th the speedway will host the finale of the USAC “ Indiana Sprint Week. ” The USAC Sprints will also return on September 15th for the one and only “ Haubstadt Hustler. ” This will be the biggest race of the season for non-wing sprint competitors . USAC & MSCS will both take up the challenge in this co-sanctioned event . The top prize is $ 10,000 . The Saturday September 15th and October 13th events will have rain dates set for Sunday of that weekend .
Ticket information is available by calling 812-768-5995 . Ticket prices do vary for different events on the schedule The speedway also offers reserved seating . Advance tickets for the World of Outlaws event will be on sale starting February 19th . Further details on each event are also available at www.tristatespeedway.com . The speedway also posts updates on face book !
About the author
I 've been active for many years in nuclear issues , Central America solidarity , nonviolent direct action , peace , Left organizing , unions and labor , movement song , and some electoral politics . I continue to be active in Sacramento groups with an international perspective : SEIU , Sacramento Action for Latin America , and the local Women 's International League for Peace and Freedom ( WILPF ) branch , maintaining a WILPF presence in the state capital . For over 20 years I 've written and emailed out to `` subscribers '' a Ballot Guide the the California Propositions , analyzing the statewide ballot measures and recommending positions .
In 1995 my participation in the ambitious International WILPF project of the Peace Train from Helsinki to Beijing and the subsequent International UN Women 's Conference in China inspired and motivated me deeply . On the train and at the Women 's Conference I offered workshops and presentations on the “ developing world ” , the “ debt crisis ” of impoverished countires , the full moon , and nonviolent conflict resolution .
My paid work and political careers have continued separately over the last ten years . My state job as an `` analyst '' gives me a background in substance use disorders and mental and other public health issues , including homelessness . With the support and encouragement of others , I 've served in various capacities with WILPF US .
In addition to politics , I enjoy backpacking and camping with my husband , gardening and plants , literature , cultural diversity , speaking foreign languages and traveling , earth-based spirituality , bicycling , “ folk ” singing , good governance and process , critters ( especially cats ) , being a union steward , and general wonderment at the natural world . My husband , Louis , and I make wonderful dinners together .
Going to Cuba in 2016 to study co-operatives revived my interest in alternative economic structures , an area I hope to study more . I seek to contribute to a world with social , economic , and political structures that support a more localized , sustainable , and relationship-based world of peace , justice , radical democracy , and excellent education . Need I add environmental biodiversity ? I also advocate for joy and play -- and singing , lots of singing !
I can be reached at conjoin @ macnexus.org
Stephen Wooldridge , who claimed a track cycling gold medal for Australia at the 2004 Athens Olympics , has died .
Australian track cyclist Stephen Wooldridge , an Olympic and world champion , has died aged 39 .
Wooldridge won gold in the 4000m team pursuit at the Athens Olympics in 2004 , also claiming four world titles in the same discipline .
Wooldridge is being remembered for his efforts in supporting young cyclists .
Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 .
Suicide Call Back Service 1300 659 467 .
On Friday , April 7 , Polish director Michal Marczak ( “ At the Edge of Russia ” ) released “ All These Sleepless Nights , ” an experimental film that derails genre , walking the line between a fictional coming-of-age drama and a nonfiction documentary . The purpose , however , warrants no ambiguity . Through the bleary streets of Warsaw , Poland , the film trails behind a ring of young adults as they fiercely resist the fall of their youth .
The three main characters , Krzysztof Baginski , Eva Lebuef and Micha ? Huszcza , who were already friends before the film , are not actors . They consider themselves artists , but not performers . Their authentic relationships and their inexperience in the acting business are a few of the reasons Marczak was drawn to them during his year or so long period of perusing bars in Warsaw and asking strangers if they 'd like to do a movie with him . The director sought the young and fatalistic kids who already lived their lives as if they were being filmed , experiencing everything to the extreme .
While some events most likely would not have occurred in their lives had there not been a camera lingering behind them , “ All These Sleepless Nights ” exists in environments that the three friends lived within before the film . They go to parties , wander the city streets at four in the morning , laugh , smoke and dance while Marczak orbits each moment with his kaleidoscopic lens .
This film takes many chances , disregarding plot structures and moving boldly between performance and documentation . A director who plays with truth or blurs reality risks reluctance and confusion from the audience . “ All These Sleepless Nights ” is made successful by the substance of those on the screen . The organic intentions of the “ characters ” combine with Marczak 's ephemeral , restless aesthetic to create one of the most honest film depictions of youthful longing .
“ All These Sleepless Nights ” is playing at the Mayan theatre , but hurry and see it soon because it will only be here this week .
According to the United States Department of Labor , they have found that nearly 250 workers with disabilities are being improperly paid by Rock River Valley Self Help Enterprises in Sterling .
The department revoked the company 's certificate after finding out those workers were being exploited .
The department 's Wage and Hour Division 's ( WHD ) investigation found a `` failure to timely perform appropriate wage surveys and failure to conduct proper time studies on all jobs performed by workers with disabilities . '' There were times on weekends that workers would be unlawfully paid with gift cards and not wages .
“ The Department of Labor is committed to protecting Americans with disabilities from exploitation in the workplace , ” said Ruben Rosalez , Acting Regional Administrator . “ When employers violate federal law and obstruct investigators , we take decisive action to protect vulnerable workers , their families , and other employers who play by the rules . ”
Click here to read the full release from the U.S. Department of Labor .
Three people are dead after a weekend of violence between white supremacist groups and counter-protesters , leading to protests across the country .
The initial conflict happened in Charlottesville , Virginia . Neo-Nazis , skinheads , Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue . Hundreds of other people came to protest that rally . The groups clashed in street brawls , with hundreds of people involved .
Eventually , a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
On Monday morning a judge declined to set bond at a hearing for the suspected driver , James Alex Fields Jr. , who faces second-degree murder and other charges , until he has legal representation .
A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence crashed into the woods outside of town . Both troopers on board died .
President Trump gave a live statement from the White House Monday morning at 11:40 a.m. CDT , in which he condemned the violence and those who took part in it .
Pres . Trump : `` To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . '' https : //t.co/oRUyJrnxRZ — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) August 14 , 2017
In addition to the violence in Charlottesville , the Associated Press ' Jennifer Peltz and Phoung Le report that other protests and counterprotests took place across the country .
In Seattle , a rally previously planned for Sunday by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer drew hundreds of counterprotesters . Police arrested three men and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown .
A barricade separated the two groups as police officers stood by dressed in riot gear . Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers . In a statement , police said they observed some people in the counterprotest carrying axe handles and two-by fours as they infiltrated the hundreds of peaceful demonstrators .
In Denver , several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles ( 3.22 kilometers ) to the state Capitol . In Fort Collins , Colorado , marchers chanted `` Everyone is welcome here . No hate , no fear . '' One demonstrator 's sign said , `` Make racists ashamed again . ''
In New York , protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower , demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups involved in the violent confrontations in Charlottesville . One sign read : `` Call out evil . ''
Helen Rubenstein , 62 , was among hundreds of people who marched through downtown Los Angeles . She said her parents were Holocaust survivors , and she 's worried that extremist views were becoming normal under Trump 's presidency .
`` I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because he emboldened all these people to incite hate , and they are now promoting violence and killing , '' Rubenstein said .
Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis , skinheads , Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to `` take America back '' and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town , and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally . The groups clashed in street brawls , with hundreds of people throwing punches , hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields .
Eventually , a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer . A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town . Both troopers on board died .
A crowd gathered on the street where the crash happened for a vigil Sunday evening . They sang `` Amazing Grace '' and prayed around piles of flowers that mark the spot where Heyer was killed .
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer , who attended the rally , denied all responsibility for the violence . He blamed the counter-protesters and police .
Trump condemned what he called an `` egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , '' a statement that Democrats and some of the president 's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame . The White House later added that the condemnation `` includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups . ''
Some of the white nationalists at Saturday 's rally cited Trump 's victory , after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric , as validation for their beliefs . Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign , saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville .
`` For those who questioned whether 'oh , do n't call it fascism ' ... this should resolve those issues , '' Reiko Redmonde , an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco , said by phone . `` People need to get out in the streets to protest , in a determined way . ''
___
Peltz reported from New York . Associated Press writers Dake Kang in Florence , Kentucky ; Jonathan Drew in Durham , North Carolina ; Jennifer Kay in Miami Beach , Florida , and Holly Ramer in Concord , New Hampshire ; and Dan Elliott in Denver contributed to this report .
___
This story has been corrected to show the last name of the San Francisco protest organizer is Redmonde , not Redmond .
Photo by Bill Roseberry Photo by Bill Roseberry Photo by Bill Roseberry Photo by Bill Roseberry Photo by Bill Roseberry
EDWARDSVILLE — The third time was the charm for the East St. Louis Flyers on Friday in Edwardsville .
After the Tigers defeated the Flyers 57-53 at East St. Louis and 63-52 at the Prairie Farms Classic in Collinsville , they fell to East Side 47-36 on Friday at Lucco-Jackson Gym .
With the loss EHS dipped to 12-8 overall and 5-4 in the Southwestern Conference . It was the Tigers ' third straight loss overall and also their third consecutive loss in league play . The Flyers moved to 10-9 overall and 5-5 in the SWC .
Edwardsville had its chances . With 5:15 to play in the game EHS ' Jack Marinko hit a rainbow floater in the lane to cut it to 36-34 . It was as close as the Tigers had been since the first quarter , but East Side answered when Terrence Hargrove sank his own 1-handed floater in traffic at the 4:20 mark of the fourth quarter to push it to 38-34 .
EHS could n't get closer than 4 points the rest of the way .
Malik Robinson of the Tigers had a steal and a basket with 1:28 to play to dwindle the deficit to 40-36 . Imunique Williams responded with a field goal and was fouled , but could n't complete the 3-point play , leaving East St. Louis ahead 42-36 .
East Side was whistled for a lane violation on a free throw attempt with 36.4 seconds to play , but as Edwardsville earned possession it was called for traveling to turn it right back over .
The Tigers never scored again , as the Flyers finished the game on a 7-0 scoring spree to secure the win .
East St. Louis controlled the clock late in the game , running offense and playing patient basketball . That coupled with its superb defensive effort — especially in the first half — was the difference in the win .
EHS took a 2-0 lead to start the game on a basket by R.J. Wilson , but it proved to be its only lead of the game . East Side answered with a 9-0 series to go up 9-2 with 2:57 to play in the first quarter and led 13-4 at the frame 's end .
Jaylon Tuggle of the Tigers nailed a 3-pointer to start the second quarter to cut it to 13-7 . Twice EHS whittled it to 4 on shots from Tuggle and Caleb Strohmeier at 15-11 and 17-13 , but a 6-0 spurt by the Flyers raised their lead to 23-13 with 1:56 to play . It was their first double digit lead of the game .
Strohmeier scored with 0.6 seconds to play in the first half to send Edwardsville into the break down 23-15 .
East Side roared out of the locker room with an 8-0 run to begin the third quarter and push its lead to 32-15 .
That 's when the Tigers came to life . They responded with a 13-0 scoring spree of their own to slice it to 32-28 with 2:17 to go in the third . Marinko nailed a pair of 3-pointers and was fouled beyond the arc , making all 3 of his free throws to account for 9 points on the run .
East Side held off EHS though to take a 34-30 lead into the fourth quarter and staved off the comeback attempt down the stretch to earn the win .
Marinko led all scorers on the night with 15 points after scoring just 2 in the first half . Other Tigers to score were , Strohmeier with 10 , Tuggle with 5 , Wilson with 4 and Robinson with 2 .
East St. Louis was led by 10 points each from Joe Reece and Eric Rogers , while Hargrove chipped in with 9 for good measure .
Edwardsville is now idle until 7:30 p.m. on Feb. 9 when it heads to Granite City for a SWC showdown .
× Mike Waldo 2-3-18 Edwardsville head coach Mike Waldo talks about the good game plan of East St. Louis on Friday during the Tigers ' 47-36 loss to the Flyers as well as EHS ' strong effort to cut it to a 2-point deficit in the fourth quarter .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
PTI
NEW DELHI
Three months after the rollout of the new indirect tax regime , the GST Council on Friday made sweeping changes to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes , eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items .
Businesses with annual turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore , which constitute 90 per cent of the taxpayer base but pay only 5-6 per cent of total tax , have been allowed to file quarterly income returns and pay tax instead of the current provision of monthly filings .
Also , the turnover threshold for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 per cent tax without going through tedious formalities , was raised to Rs 1 crore from current Rs 75 lakh .
“ The GST Council has considered the implementation experience of the last three months and gave relief to small traders… Compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers in GST has been reduced , ” Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told reporters after the 22nd meeting of the council .
Small and medium enterprises had complained of tedious compliance burden under the goods and services tax that was intended to be a simple indirect tax regime which replaced over a dozen central and state taxes .
Jaitley said the council also decided to cut GST rates on 27 common use items .
GST on unbranded namkeen , unbranded ayurvedic medicine , sliced dried mango and khakra has been cut to 5 per cent from 12 per cent while the same on manmade yarn used in textile sector has been reduced from 18 per cent to 12 per cent .
Tax on stationery items , stones used for flooring ( other than marble and granite ) , diesel engine parts and pump parts has been cut to 18 per cent from 28 per cent . GST on e-waste has been slashed to 5 per cent from 28 per cent .
Food packets given to school kids under ICDS will attract 5 per cent tax instead of 12 per cent .
Job works like zari , imitation , food items and printing items would attract 5 per cent tax instead of 12 per cent . Government contracts involving high amount of labour will be levied 5 per cent GST instead of 12 per cent in order to contain cost of those programmes , he said .
Also , salwar suit in a three-piece set has been classified as fabric and 5 per cent GST would be levied on it .
Exporters , who have been facing sluggish growth due to global slowdown , will get refunds for the tax paid by them on exports during July from October 10 , while refunds for tax paid for August will be given by October 18 , he said .
For the remainder of the fiscal , merchant exporters will operate under an exempted category after paying a nominal 0.1 per cent tax on purchase from manufacturers .
From April 1 , the government will attempt to launch an e-wallet facility for the exporters to give them refund for GST paid which will solve their liquidity problems .
Jaitley said big taxpayers , who make 94-95 per cent of the total taxes , will continue to file monthly returns and pay taxes on a monthly basis .
GST provisions for TDS and TCS deductors will come into effect from April 1 , he added . Also , the council has finalised a concept paper defining parameters on which future rate revisions would be done , he said .
A group of ministers has been asked to go into the issue of extending the composition scheme on inter-state sales as well as rationalising taxes on restaurants .
The GoM will also look into whether manufacturers availing composition scheme can claim input credit on 2 per cent GST paid by them .
The switchover to quarterly tax filing for small and medium businesses would happen from October 1 and they will have to file monthly returns for the first three months ( July-September ) of GST , he said .
With small businesses and traders complaining about the compliance burden the new GST regime has put on them , the council has decided to give option to taxpayers to avail of the composition scheme if their turnover is less than Rs 1 crore as against the previous limit of Rs 75 lakh .
So far , over 15 lakh out of the 90 lakh registered businesses have opted for the composition scheme .
The tax rate for traders of goods in the composition scheme is 1 per cent , while it is 2 per cent for manufacturers and 5 per cent for suppliers of food or drinks for human consumption ( without alcohol ) .
Service providers can not opt for the composition scheme .
The scheme allows small businesses , including eateries , to pay 1-5 per cent tax without having to deal with the three-stage filing process .
It allows small taxpayers to pay GST at a fixed rate of turnover and not go through the tedious GST formalities .
The scheme can not be opted by supplier of services other than restaurant related services ; manufacturer of ice cream , paan masala , or tobacco ; casual taxable person or a non-resident taxable person ; and businesses which supply goods through an e-commerce operator .
No input tax credit can be claimed by those opting for composition scheme .
Also , the taxpayer can only make intra-state supply ( sell in the same state ) and can not undertake inter-state supply of goods .
0
A lot of movement has been going on with regards to the Fast & Furious franchise over the last 48 hours , and the news keeps on coming . First , Universal pushed back the release date of Fast & Furious 9 a year . Then , after an Instagram tirade from Tyrese Gibson , it was announced that the Dwayne Johnson/Jason Statham spinoff movie would be taking Furious 9 's old date , stepping out in front . And now , with that spinoff moving forward , we 're starting to hear what kind of filmmaker might direct it—and it 's a doozy .
Buried in Variety 's report on the Fast and Furious spinoff release date is the news that none other than Shane Black is one of the candidates to take the helm of the film . Black is reportedly one name on a list of candidates that Universal is considering , but no offer has been made and it 's not even clear if Black would want to direct this thing . Universal wo n't make any official movements until Chris Morgan , who has written every film in the franchise since Tokyo Drift , so this is far from confirmation , but it does let us know what kind of filmmaker the studio is after .
The untitled spinoff will see Johnson and Statham reprising their roles of Hobbs and Shaw , respectively , as the characters team up for an undisclosed mission . Some say that mission involves hunting down Charlize Theron 's Fate of the Furious villain Cypher , but it 's still somewhat early days on this and unclear if she 's involved . Johnson and Statham showcased some terrific chemistry in Fate and , frankly , were the best parts of that movie . Universal seems to have agreed to some degree , leapfrogging this film in front of the next proper Fast & Furious movie even though those blockbuster sequels keep printing money .
It 's worth nothing that Black has been developing one of his passion projects for Johnson to star , Doc Savage , for years now . The adaptation of the 1930s and 40s pulp magazines would see Johnson playing an Indiana Jones-esque hero , and while Johnson was confirmed to star in the film in May 2016 , the guy 's busy schedule has been a constant hindrance . It 's possible that Johnson suggested Black given their history together , and while a buddy movie like this would certainly benefit from Black 's talents , it 's unclear if he 'd even be interested in directing something like this—especially if he did n't write it .
MUMBAI , India ( Reuters ) - The number of Maoist militants killed in an ambush by security forces has risen to 37 after more bodies were pulled out of a river on Tuesday , authorities said .
After a four-hour gun battle on Sunday , some 16 militants , including women , were found dead , but police said an unknown number had been shot as they tried to escape into the Indravati river . Their bloated bodies began to surface on Monday .
“ We pulled 15 dead bodies from the river on Monday and Tuesday , ” said Prashant Diwate , a police spokesman in Gadchiroli .
Police also shot dead six of the Naxalite guerrillas on Monday evening .
Sunday 's operation took place in the same district , on the border between Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh states , around 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) east of Mumbai .
Landless peasants and tribal people form the rank and file of the Naxalalites , a movement whose origins go back to the late 1960s .
The name is derived from a village in West Bengal state where the group was founded . At that time they used bow and arrows , but these days they are armed with Kalashnikov automatic rifles and weapons captured from raids on police posts .
Engaged in a grinding insurgency across India 's interior for the past few decades , the Naxalites have counted on funding from communist groups at home and abroad , and their strength runs into tens of thousands , with factions operating in many states .
According to the Interior Ministry , more than 5,500 people have been killed since 2009 until the end of March in insurgencies stoked by what it calls left-wing extremism .
Last month , a roadside bomb killed nine police in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh state .
FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 : 5 big names who will miss the tournament
Three Germans make the list .
@ churchofthibaut by Nived Zenith Top 5 / Top 10 14 Jun 2017 , 20:42 IST
The Confederations Cup will kick off in Russia on Saturday
The FIFA World Cup is still a year away but the Confederations Cup is set to begin on the 17th of June ( Saturday ) and the teams involved have already travelled to Russia to kick-start their preparations . The tournament will be contested between the winners of FIFA 's six continental championships ( UEFA , CONMEBOL , CONCACAF , CAF , OFC , AFC ) along with the World Cup winners and the host nation .
Also read : FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 : 5 reasons why Cristiano Ronaldo should not feature in the tournament
Germany , Portugal , Chile , Cameroon , Mexico , Australia , New Zealand and Russia will be the nations contesting the tournament this year which will begin in St. Petersburg when hosts Russia takes on New Zealand in the inaugural match . Here we take a look at five big players who will miss out on the tournament :
# 5 Joel Matip ( Cameroon )
Matip was suspended by Cameroon after he decided to snub the AFCON
Joel Matip made the headlines for all the wrong reasons in January when he decided to snub Cameroon 's AFCON campaign along with a few of his teammates . The defender stayed back with Liverpool during the tournament and missed out on his country 's run to the title .
Matip has always performed well in his country 's colours and was the only shining light in Cameroon 's disastrous World Cup campaign in Brazil three years ago . He also managed to score their only goal of the tournament in a 4-1 loss to the hosts .
Matip made 27 appearances for Liverpool this season and enjoyed almost 2500 minutes of playing time for the Reds , spearheading their first top four finish in two years .
The player has not travelled with the team to Russia , though , after falling down the pecking order . Moreover , head coach Hugo Broos admitted that he does n't fancy picking players who do n't value the shirt enough and that could mean the end of Matip 's international career .
Church of the Ascension , Bismarck , ND has a job position open for a full time Director of Faith Formation . The Director of Faith Formation is responsible for the development , coordination , and promotion of a comprehensive plan for the spiritual growth and faith development of 1st grade through adult parishioners . Must have a passion and creative energy to enable others to live out their baptismal call personally , within the family , parish and greater community . Qualifications : Individual must be an active Catholic who is organized , committed , creative and has a degree with classes in theology , education and/or pastoral ministry . Experience teaching within a parish faith formation program is preferred . Possessing good communication skills and an ability to work collaboratively with pastor , parish staff , catechists , parents and students is vital . A complete background check is required by the Diocese of Bismarck . Please submit a cover letter and resume to Beth Kathol , Parish Business Manager , Church of the Ascension , 1905 South 3rd Street , Bismarck , ND 58504 or bkathol @ ascensionbismarck.org .
Trump made him do it .
A man accused of assaulting a woman at a Donald Trump campaign rally last year said in a new court filing that Trump pushed him to violence — and should be held responsible for it .
The filing from Friday says accused assailant Alvin Bamberger “ had no prior intention to act as he did ” when he allegedly attacked a protester getting kicked out of the Louisville rally by Trump 's demand .
“ Bamberger would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or the Trump Campaign 's specific urging and inspiration , ” the filing says .
ABDUL WAHAB KHAN | NT
PANAJI
The Goa State Pollution Control Board has directed its scientific wing and mining firms to automatically release readings of air quality monitoring stations on e-platform that can give real-time information on spikes in air pollution .
This decision came in the backdrop of a disputation over variations of readings in air quality tests carried out by the board and the mining companies at a Centre-approved laboratory at Bambolim and in Sonshi village of Sattari taluka .
The mining operators had also alleged that they were not made aware about negative readings at mining cluster stations .
The GSPCB has been open to its scientific wing and the mining firms to work on modalities on keeping a tab on pollution level – if a permissible limit is breached even for a day then an SMS must be sent immediately and an urgent meeting of stakeholders of a particular mining cluster should be held to remedy the situation .
In 2010 , the board established eight ambient air monitoring stations along transportation routes in mining areas . These stations collect samples from 15 mining clusters of the total 17 clusters and send them to laboratories for analysis . These stations can give average data daily .
The GSPCB does not monitor pollution level at Advalpal and Betul-Quepem clusters as there is no monitoring mechanism of the board at these clusters . The reason for the absence of the mechanism is that the mining firms operating at these clusters transport the ore through buffer zone , and there are stations in the buffer zone which are monitored by the mining firms .
It must be noted here that the mine operators required to establish monitoring stations on ambient air quality along the common ore transportation route in consultation with the board prior to commencement of mining operations . The firms must submit reports on air quality every month .
However , this submission of reports mostly happens only when the board issues directions insisting on reports .
The board conducted ambient air quality monitoring at Bicholim , Honda , Amona , Codli and Usgaon from October 2016 to February 2017 at 14 locations , and the report indicated that the parameter PM10 exceeded the permissible limits .
However , these locations covered only six mining clusters . While the ambient air quality at these transportation routes monitored by the board showed exceedance , the parameters at the core and the buffer zone monitored by the mining companies through a laboratory showed no such exceedance .
The Sonshi cluster , which had 13 mining companies operating through same evacuation routes , caused excessive air pollution as can be seen after perusing the AAQM reports . The firms violated the condition of consent to operate to maintain ambient air quality within prescribed limits .
Air monitoring stations could not be set up due to non-cooperation of the public on location and electricity connections .
However , now the board has identified nine locations .
Taking cognisance of the situation , the board decided to establish additional air monitoring stations at the locations in mining areas which are influenced by mining traffic . These new stations will have to be jointly monitored by the mining firms and the board .
The GSPCB has proposed setting up ten monitoring locations in the Sonshi mining hub – Fanaswadi , Khodginim , Navelim , Surla-Sonshi , Maina , Velguem , Pissurlem , Valvoi , Pale and Gaundalim .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. > > No matter how much their fans imagined Giancarlo Stanton bashing balls over the Green Monster , the Boston Red Sox never came close to getting the NL MVP .
But does anyone really expect the Red Sox or the Cubs and other top contenders to stand still after seeing the slugger join the dreaded New York Yankees ?
Were looking for a middle of the order bat ,  Dave Dombrowski , Bostons president of baseball operations , said Monday at the winter meetings . That hasnt changed . First base or DH.
A couple of big hitters just happen to be available , too .
Advertisement
J.D . Martinez , who launched four home runs in a game for Arizona last season , is a free agent . So is Eric Hosmer , coming off a career year in Kansas City .
Who knows , maybe the Cubs think bopper Kyle Schwarber might fit better somewhere else . Chicago already seems to have a target at this swap-and-sign gathering : pitcher Alex Cobb , who could possibly take Jake Arrietas spot in the rotation for the NL Central champs .
Remember , Dombrowski pulled off a lightning strike at these meetings last year , getting ace Chris Sale from the White Sox . And certainly the Red Sox could use power  they won the AL East despite hitting a major league-low 168 homers .
Stanton thumped 59 homers for Miami . With a no-trade clause in his contract , he gave the Marlins a list of teams where hed be willing to go  Yankees , Astros , Dodgers and Cubs , the clubs that reached the AL and NL Championship Series .
Theyre winners . Theyre young and theyre in a good position to win for a long time , and I lost for a long time ,  the 28-year-old outfielder said . So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner.
Dombrowski said the Red Sox werent in the Marlins mix , with Mookie Betts , Jackie Bradley Jr. and Andrew Benintendi in the lineup .
I think their basic conversations with us , they looked at our outfield and thought they really probably werent a fit for our ballclub ,  Dombrowski said .
The last-place Phillies got busy , reacquiring reliever Pat Neshek .
A person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press that Neshek will get a $ 16.5 million , two-year contact pending a successful physical . The person spoke on condition of anonymity because there was no official announcement on the agreement .
The 37-year-old Neshek was an All-Star last year in his first season in Philadelphia . The Phillies traded the side-slinging righty to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects .
Texas reached a $ 4 million , two-year deal with right-handed reliever Chris Martin , a person with knowledge of the contract told the AP . Martin spent the last two seasons in Japan after stints with the Yankees and Colorado .
Also , the Oakland Athletics traded infielder Joey Wendle to Tampa Bay for a player to be named or cash .
FAISALABAD-Two more chickenpox patients succumbed to the contagious disease here at Allied Hospital , taking the death toll to 14 in the current year so far .
According to the hospital sources , both the patients - Mumtaz Bibi , 60 , resident of Chiniot and Muhammad Asghar , a resident of Dijkot , died during the past 48 hours .
They informed that 50 patients are still under treatment in the Allied Hospital .
Another source informed that despite rising death toll from the disease , there is shortage of Chickenpox vaccine and other life saving drugs in the entire Faisalabad division . He informed that vaccination and other requisite drugs are only available for doctors and paramedics . The source maintained that Punjab CM Shehbaz Sharif was kept in the dark during his visit to the city and did not inform about the outbreak of chickenpox . `` The health department and even the public representatives did not inform the CM during visit to Children Hospital where he inaugurated Emergency ward of the hospital , '' he regretted .
He alleged that the Punjab government high-ups seem ignorant about the extent of the outbreak as a result there is severe shortage of requisite medical facilities .
Earlier , the Allied Hospital administration had claimed that they had informed the Health Department high-ups about the epidemic , hoping that the `` mighty babus '' would dispatch chickenpox vaccinations and drugs soon . On the ground , however , there seems nothing , which is also visible from the death toll .
It is to be noted that last year some 25 patients of chickenpox were admitted to Allied Hospital , out of which one patient had died . However , during the current year so far , 39 chickenpox patients were bought to the Allied Hospital .
The source alleged that due to the negligence of the Health Department , chickenpox is assuming the proportion of an epidemic in Faisalabad division .
Another , source claimed that some 50 chickenpox patients are under treatment in Allied Hospital but the hospital administration denies the huge number of patients . Though the hospital has set up a specialised ICU ward where a seven member boards of doctors and professors along with their team are effectively looking after the patients , but the rising death toll , however , reflects negligence of the Health Department and doctors .
Some years ago , the late humorist Art Buchwald ( 1925-2007 ) wondered out loud whether California would continue being part of NATO . He did so on the eve of a visit to Washington by Jerry Brown , then and now the governor of California .
After Donald Trump 's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Accord , the question can be turned on its head .
California leads the way
California has emerged as the vanguard of a series of U.S. states , cities and companies vowing to continue respecting the commitments that have been adopted in Paris in 2016 . It remains in , while the U.S. leaves . That move is more than symbolic .
The Paris Agreement – together with the decision on the Sustainable Development Goals for 2030 – is the best example of what I call inductive global governance , bringing about progress from the bottom up .
California is a powerful player on the world stage . It has 39 million inhabitants ( more than Canada , and slightly less than Spain ) – and a GDP that makes it the fifth-largest economy in the world ( not counting the United States itself ) .
Leading by example
Beyond just California , New York , Washington and a dozen other states – including two with Republican governors – plus cities , including the U.S. 's 10 largest ( New York City , Los Angeles as well as the capital , Washington , D.C. ) , and some large companies , have signed up to a coalition called the United States Climate Alliance .
These states and cities alone account for 30 % of the U.S. economy and more than 52 million inhabitants . In terms of carbon emissions , however , these states account for only 18 % of the U.S. total , because the most polluting ( headed by Texas ) are with Trump .
The California-China axis
California 's dynamism goes beyond its influence within the United States . Governor Brown is the driving force behind a joint plan with Canada and Mexico to create a pact , albeit a voluntary one , honoring the Paris goals .
Of note as well , last week Brown went to see the Chinese President , Xi Jinping , who met him in Beijing and endorsed his initiative .
Xi , no doubt , remembered that he and Obama were decisive in pulling off the Paris Agreement . So it is now California and the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology that are signing an agreement to cooperate on green energy technologies .
Trump diminishes the U.S .
Trump , for his part , has scrapped the U.S. national plan –national plans being a requirement – that was drawn up by the Obama administration . It committed the U.S. for a 26 % cut in 2005 emission levels by 2025 , something that will now be difficult to achieve .
As it stands , California may be becoming the de facto international negotiator for the United States on environmental issues .
We may , in other words , be witnessing something that is not entirely without historical precedent : global governance that is not limited to nation states , but also includes sub-state and private entities , NGOs ( many sectors are regulated by them worldwide ) and companies .
Strategic opposition to Trump
Many in the United States have declared their opposition to Trump 's environmental plans ( among other reasons because they have invested in alternative energies and natural gas ) .
With this , the crisis between Saudi Arabia and Qatar and other developments , Trump must be discovering that politics , both domestic and foreign , is a more complex business than he had been expecting . His bullying will only get him so far .
Trump may also discover that the White House , although it matters , does so less than before , in a more complex world where power is more diffuse . For better and for worse .
The entire world on notice
With Trump as a ( partial ) roadblock , everybody else in the world not only has to pitch in , but try harder . This is especially true for Europe . EU emissions increased 0.5 % in 2015 , while they fell in the U.S. by 3 % last year .
This positive trend in the U.S. is due to the transition from coal and oil to natural gas , the new manna from heaven deriving from North American shale .
Whatever Trump may think , as far as U.S. coal mining jobs are concerned , the majority were lost in the 1960s and 1970s , as a result of technological advances . They are unlikely to return , however much the current occupant of the White House would like them to .
A welcome development
Inductive governance such as this is not only applicable to environmental matters : States are also starting to demand that it be applied , for example , to the fight against jihadist terrorism , which uses the Internet as a forum for recruiting and training its militants .
It is essential that platforms such as Google , Twitter and Facebook , to mention only the most well-known , cooperate in this fight , as the British Prime Minister requested in the wake of the attacks in Manchester and London .
Twitter claims that between July and December last year , it used algorithms to delete 376,000 accounts suspected of promoting terrorism .
Facebook takes similar measures , combining automation and human intervention . Its founder and president Mark Zuckerberg has said that artificial intelligence may play a significant role in such work in the near future .
In any event , Silicon Valley will be key to this type of fight against terrorism .
Global governance is no longer the exclusive province of nation states . Although they will continue to be crucial , they need the help of other actors . And such actors may sometimes turn against national governments if they do not see eye to eye .
Editors note : This article first appeared on and is adapted from the Global Spectator Blog of the Elcano Royal Institute . You can read it here .
Joe Calendino used to be a member of the Hells Angels biker gang , until he was kicked out and had to put his life back together . His new book “ To Hell and Back ” details the chilling story .
Two suspects allegedly linked to the PKK terrorist group and one other person were arrested in western Turkey while trying to cross into Greece , a military source said yesterday .
Border troops rounded up the two PKK suspects plus the third suspect near the Pazarkule border crossing in the Edirne province in a restricted military zone . One of the PKK suspects had been carrying out activities in northern Iraq for the terrorist group , while the other had joined the PKK in Germany and was jailed for a year in 2016 for trying to illegally cross from Turkey to Bulgaria .
The PKK is listed as a terrorist organization by Turkey as well as the U.S. and EU . In its three-decade-plus terror campaign against Turkey , more than 40,000 people have been killed . Since the group resumed its armed campaign in July 2015 , more than 1,200 people , including security force personnel and civilians , have lost their lives .
New York : A 27-year-old immigrant from Bangladesh detonated a homemade pipe bomb strapped to his body in a crowded New York subway passage during the morning rush hour Monday , injuring three people and putting the city on edge just six weeks after a deadly truck attack .
Akayed Ullah told police investigators he wanted to avenge US airstrikes on the Islamic State group and was also inspired by Christmas terror plots in Europe , and chose the location for his attack by the Christmas posters on the subway walls , US media reported .
A Brooklyn man has been arrested after allegedly detonating a homemade pipe bomb inside the Port Authority https : //t.co/JdHgIez0Fepic.twitter.com/QuNAxQRGv8 — New York Post ( @ nypost ) December 11 , 2017
His bomb failed to detonate properly , leaving him the only one seriously injured in the incident .
President Donald Trump used the attack to call for tougher US immigration rules , saying the current `` lax '' policy `` allows far too many dangerous , inadequately vetted people to access our country . ''
`` Today 's attempted mass murder attack in New York City — the second terror attack in New York in the last two months — once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people , '' Trump said in a statement .
Bomb only partially detonated
The blast took place in the subway station at the Port Authority bus terminal , not far from the city 's iconic Times Square , sparking commuter panic and travel disruptions . A closed-circuit security video showed commuters scattering as the bomb exploded and one body — that of the bomber — on the ground after the smoke cleared .
Authorities attributed the minimal damage from the simple device attached to Ullah 's chest to a malfunction . The explosion left him with several burns to his torso and hands , and he was sent to a hospital in `` serious '' condition .
The other three injured people suffered ringing in the ears , headaches and other minor complaints , and there was no significant damage to the subway structure . `` Fortunately for us , the bomb partially detonated , '' New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said . `` It did not fully have the effect that he was hoping for . ''
Cuomo said Ullah was not part of a `` sophisticated network , '' but appeared to have been `` influenced '' by the Islamic State or other extremist groups .
Christmas attacks threat
The attack came as the Christmas-New Year holiday season was moving into high gear , underscoring the possible threat that lone actors inspired by Islamic State or Al-Qaeda pose to festive crowds .
In Berlin last year , an Islamic State-inspired Tunisian refugee drove a large truck into a crowd at a Christmas market , killing 12 .
Islamic State supporters have made online threats and urged sympathizers to conduct attacks on Western targets during the holiday season .
New York was rocked on 31 October , the Halloween holiday , when an immigrant from Uzbekistan drove a rented truck down a busy bike and pedestrian path , killing eight people and injuring 12 .
In November , the US State Department issued an alert for travelers to Europe during the holiday season , reminding them of the Berlin attack as well as the assault on a New Years Eve party in an Istanbul nightclub last year that left 39 people dead .
`` US citizens should exercise caution at holiday festivals and events , '' the State Department warned .
`` Extremists continue to focus on tourist locations , transportation hubs , markets/shopping malls and local government facilities as viable targets . ''
Cuomo said the latest bombing underscored that New York is a perennial target , 16 years after the 9/11 attacks .
`` This is New York . The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy , against freedom , '' he said .
A bomb in a subway station `` is in many ways one of our worst nightmares , '' Cuomo said .
Trump demands tighter immigration
The White House quickly turned the attack into a justification for its crackdown on immigration , which has seen the Trump administration slash refugee arrivals , block travelers from six Muslim-majority countries , and press for tighter restrictions on all those seeking to legally move to the United States .
Sayfullo Saipov , the Halloween attacker , had entered the country in 2101 under the `` Diversity Immigrant Visa '' program , by which the United States has sought to widen the sources of immigrants .
Ullah arrived seven years ago as the member of a family already in the United States , under what is known as `` chain immigration . ''
Trump has called to eliminate both programs and move to a merit-based immigration policy .
A young criminal who left prison and set up as a drug dealer has been jailed for more than three years .
Ashley Cooper , 20 , was still on licence following his release from prison when he was caught with thousands of pounds of cocaine , amphetamines and cannabis .
He had been out of prison for less than a year when police recovered drugs worth more than £37,000 in a string of raids .
Neighbours alerted police over suspicious callers to two properties in Billingham , where he kept his supplies .
Cooper was described in court as a ‘ drugs minder ' and he was forced into it .
Officers executed search warrants on August 17 at houses owned by his relatives in Cotswold Avenue and Hylton Road , both Billingham .
Prosecutor Rachel Masters told Teesside Crown Court that the raiding party found £30,000 of cocaine , £7,000 of amphetamines , a significant haul of cannabis and £495 in cash .
The drugs were in the form of a bag of cannabis bush , a block of white substance in a carrier bag , a crystallised substance and a hydraulic press along with self-seal bags .
Cooper , who had convictions as a juvenile which included violence , but none for drugs offences , had been released from prison in September last year .
Miss Masters said that he was interviewed on a number of occasions , and he said that he was keeping the cocaine for others .
She added : “ The Crown say that he was a minder for cocaine .
“ He said that he had been pressed into it by a man . ”
Cooper , from Billinmgham , pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine , amphetamines and cannabis .
Dominic Sabino , defending , said : “ He has no previous convictions for drugs and it will be his first sentence served in an adult prison .
“ After he was released from custody the last time he became involved in offending .
“ His partner and his family have said that they will stand by him . ”
The judge told Cooper that by acting as a minder for cocaine he was involved in the drugs trade at a higher level .
Judge Peter Armstrong said : “ It has a starting point of five years , that is how serious the offence is . ”
Cooper , of Cotswold Avenue , Billingham , who appeared over a videolink from Durham Jail , was jailed for three years and four months .
Dolce & Gabbana 's Alta Orologeria Watches Scream Opulence
Curious ? I bet you are , since any watch bearing the Dolce & Gabbana name should always deserve at least a few seconds of your time . Dolce & Gabbana Alta Orologeria is a collection of four unique watches , each of them opulent in its own way , peppered with gemstones and hewn from precious metals . Ostentatious and benefiting from the traditions of 19th-century Italian goldsmiths , the Alta Orologeria collection seems to be out of time and out of place within this digital universe we live in today .
Inspired by the works of famed Italian composer Giuseppe Verdi , the overall aesthetics of these timepieces are complemented by three classic high complications : an automatic tourbillon , a tourbillon with a monopusher chronograph , and a tourbillon with a minute repeater . The aforementioned calibers were the responsibility of Manufacture Hautes Complications , a company that specializes in high-complication movements .
Each of the Alta Orologeria watches have been named after one of Verdi 's classic operas : Otello , Nabucco , Macbeth , and Don Carlo . The first timepiece , inspired by Otello , displays a 38 mm case and seems to be a modest example of 17th-century Venetian Baroque jewelry . It was fitted with a restored manual-wound movement and a mother of pearl dial .
Next , the 44 mm Nabucco features an MHC-manufactured micro rotor-powered tourbillon and an engraved Archangel Michael at the top of the bezel , which required a few months of painstaking goldsmithing and hand-engraving . That could be said about the 46 mm case of the Macbeth too , although the 100-hour power reserve is also impressive .
Last , but not least , Don Carlo shows off a 46 mm hand-engraved 18k gold lid fitted with a series of cushion-cut emeralds . Hiding under that precious lid is a laser-carved jade dial , matching the 2.2-karats of emeralds found elsewhere on the watch . Pricing for the Dolce & Gabbana Alta Orologeria watches stands between €115,000 and €690,000 , depending on which opera you enjoy best .
[ ablogtowatch ]
WILDWOOD , N.J. – Video footage from a camera attached to the uniform of a city police officer involved in the violent arrest of a beachgoer over the Memorial Day weekend reveals what happened in the moments leading up to the confrontation .
File photo of the boardwalk in Wildwood .
Associated Press
The incident Saturday previously made international headlines when smartphone video surfaced showing an officer punching a 20-year-old woman in the head twice during her arrest .
On Wednesday , the Wildwood Police Department released three body-cam video recordings from the arrest with the faces blurred out of those who on the beach who were not involved .
One video shows an officer being forcibly struck in the torso by the woman .
The videos chronicle the interaction between the officers and Emily Weinman of Philadelphia as police questioned her about whether she had consumed alcohol on the beach — subjecting the underage woman to a Breathalyzer test .
“ During the initial encounter , the officer can be heard stating that he was just going to have Ms. ( Emily ) Weinman pour the alcohol out , without issuing any violations and then he terminates the recording , ” said Police Chief Robert Regalbuto said in a prepared statement that accompanied the video .
Background : Video shows cop punching woman during beach arrest
The second video is from the officer re-activating his body-worn-camera . During this video , the officer makes a determination to place Weinman under arrest , and upon attempting to do so , is forcibly struck in the torso – about the same location where the body-worn camera is mounted , causing the camera to shut off .
In the third video , the officer is involved in a physical confrontation with Weinman and the camera is re-activated during the struggle , recording the remainder of the encounter .
“ This matter is still under investigation , however , in an effort to ensure transparency with the public we serve , it was imperative that this video be released as soon as feasibly possible , ” Regalbuto said in the statement . “ Upon the conclusion of the investigation in the coming days , and only after final review by the Cape May County Prosecutors Office , the Wildwood Police Department will release the findings and outcome of the investigation . ”
911 call : 'Other than her mouth , there 's not any weapons ' — Police called on 5 black women at Pa. golf club
All of the officers involved in the arrest are Class II Special Law Enforcement Officers – police officers who are traditionally hired for the summer months in Shore towns – and are usually young men and woman who are thinking of or intend to pursue full-time careers in law enforcement .
The officers were identified as Thomas Cannon , John Hillman and Robert Jordan .
The officers involved have been reassigned to administrative duties .
Follow Erik Larsen on Twitter : @ Erik_Larsen
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The mayor of North Lincolnshire has raised more than £3,000 for charity by completing a sponsored skydive from 15,000ft .
Councillor Peter Clark carried out the daredevil challenge at Skydive Hibaldstow on Sunday in aid of When You Wish Upon A Star .
The charity , which grants wishes for children and young people with life-limiting illnesses , was chosen by Mr Clark to receive money raised from his Mayor 's Appeal Fund during his year in office .
To skydive is one of a variety of fundraising activities he has organised to help the charity since taking over as mayor in May last year .
Mr Clark was one of several people taking on the skydiving challenge in aid of the charity on Sunday .
After jumping from a plane high above the Hibaldstow Airfield site and parachuting back down to the ground , he described the experience .
He said : `` The skydive was certainly an exhilarating experience , especially the free fall . My instructor let me take control of the parachute so I was actually controlling it for a short time .
( Image : Brian Gamble )
`` After making a soft landing , I was quite overwhelmed and emotional that I had actually just done a skydive .
`` I would like to thank everyone who has sponsored me . Over £3,000 is an incredible amount , which will go towards helping sick children have a special day in their lives .
`` Although the skydive was out of my comfort zone I was very happy I did it for my chosen truly worthwhile charity , When You Wish Upon A Star .
`` I hope many children 's dreams will come true and they have some magical days out with the money raised . ''
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said that President Trump told him that criticism of NFL players who protest during the national anthem is `` a very winning , strong issue for me , '' according to a report by The Wall Street Journal that was published Wednesday morning .
`` Tell everybody , you ca n't win this one , '' Trump told Jones , according to the report . `` This one lifts me . ''
Jones recalled Trump 's comments in a sworn deposition that was taken as part of Colin Kaepernick 's grievance against NFL owners and obtained by The Wall Street Journal .
The NFL announced last week that players will be permitted to stay in the locker room during the pregame playing of The Star-Spangled Banner but must stand and show respect if they are on the field while it is played , or their teams will be subject to fines .
Jones also said in his deposition , which was taken before the policy change , that `` you can not piss off a large percentage of your constituency , '' according to The Wall Street Journal .
`` Let 's ( not ) give ( Trump ) that much credit , '' Jones said , according to the report . `` But I recognize he 's the president of the United States . ''
A spokesperson for the Cowboys told USA TODAY Sports the team would not comment on the story , while the White House did not immediately respond to an inquiry .
Contact Tom Schad at tschad @ usatoday.com or on Twitter @ Tom_Schad .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Kevin Guadamuz rocked a full-body banana costume and a pair of shades at Dodger Stadium on Friday night in honor of his favorite Dodger , Enrique Hernandez , who became known two years ago for waving a rally banana .
The 28-year-old UCLA student said he tweeted the whole process of buying his playoff banana costume from a Party City in Long Beach earlier this week .
His day was made when Hernandez liked a picture of him dressed as a banana on Twitter .
`` I like his kid-like excitement about being in the game , '' he said of Hernandez . `` I 'm a Chiquita banana . He 's a Chiquita banana . We can go bananas together . ''
Guadamuz was attending his first-ever playoff game with his two brothers and his nephew . He 's a little too emotionally invested in sports , he admitted . This postseason might just send him into a frenzy , especially after that blasted losing streak .
`` I 'm really excited , but , I 'm not gon na lie , I 'm a little nervous , '' he said . `` I do n't like it when they lose when I 'm at the game because it hurts me personally . ''
One of his brothers teasingly chimed in : `` Are you a player ? ''
`` It 's like I 'm going through a breakup every time they lose a playoffs game , '' he continued .
After four years of the Dodgers losing in the playoffs , he 's got all the feels , he said .
`` I feel like I 'm one of those old-school fans from the 1950s , where it 's like , 'we 'll get 'em next year , ' but then you die a little inside , '' Guadamuz said . `` I feel like I 'm part of the team . ''
His older brother , Yader Guadamuz , 40 , of Long Beach , said he gets so emotional during the games that his wife tells him to stop watching them because it 's bad for his heart . His anger lingers for days if the Dodgers lose , he said , laughing .
Yader 's 10-year-old son , Nicholas , who made his school 's all-star baseball team as a second baseman , said of the playoffs : `` I feel pretty confident . ''
`` Right now , I really like Puig , '' he added . `` I used to play outfield , and he inspired me to play better . ''
LOS ANGELES- ‘ The Fate of the Furious ' debuted in super-high gear this weekend , taking in $ 100.2 million on North American screens and roaring to record global revenues of more than a half-billion dollar , industry analysts estimated .
Exhibitor Relations said the latest chapter in Universal Studio 's ‘ Fast and Furious ' series accounted for nearly two-thirds of North American revenues over the three-day Easter weekend , leaving previous frontrunner ‘ The Boss Baby , ' a Fox/DreamWorks animation , in its dust with just $ 15.5 million in sales . Behind megastars Vin Diesel and Dwayne ‘ The Rock ' Johnson , the latest ‘ Furious ' film opened exceptionally well in the rest of the world . Led by China , which set a three-day record of $ 190 million , the film brought in $ 432.3 million in some 60 countries . It was the No . 1 film everywhere , website BoxOfficeMojo.com reported . The $ 532.5 million global debut , once North American revenues added in , would break the record of $ 529 million held by ‘ Star Wars : The Force Awakens . ' It would also surpass such other box-office monsters as ‘ Jurassic World ' ( $ 524.9 million ) and ‘ Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 ' ( $ 483.2 million ) .
The film , directed by F. Gary Gray of “ Straight Outta Compton ” fame , also features Charlize Theron , Tyrese Gibson and hip-hop star Ludacris . In it , Diesel 's Dom Toretto character is coerced to join forces with a cyberterrorist played by Theron , who turns him against his team . For all its strong showing , the manic muscle-car-filled film earned nearly a third less in its first North American weekend than the previous “ Fast and Furious ” chapter , which drew $ 147.2 million .
But Universal is not about to apply the brakes : additional ‘ Furious ' chapters are planned for release in 2019 and 2021 .
‘ Beauty and the Beast ' continued to draw viewers to North American theaters this weekend , earning $ 13.6 million in its fifth week . The Disney blockbuster , starring Emma Watson and Dan Stevens , has taken in $ 454.7 million domestically while pushing past $ 1 billion internationally . The animated ‘ Smurfs : The Lost Village'from Sony was fourth with $ 6.5 million . That was half its opening take from a week earlier .
Holding fifth spot on North American screens was ‘ Going in Style . ' The Warner Bros. comedy , starring Morgan Freeman , Alan Arkin and Michael Caine as aging bank robbers , had weekend sales of $ 6.3 million .
Kolkata : Bengaluru FC reigned supreme despite being reduced to 10 players as they blanked two-time champions ATK 2-0 to consolidate their lead in the Indian Super League .
This was fourth win in a row after winning an AFC Cup game during the mid-week , as they went four points clear of Chennaiyin FC atop the standings .
Two-time champions ATK succumbed to a fourth defeat in a row , for the first time in four seasons as they are virtually out of playoff race with 12 points from 13 matches .
As fate would have it , ATK captain Jordi Figueras put Bengaluru FC ahead with an own goal in the third minute in what seemed like a superb striker 's finish , but only into their net .
The home side played the last 30 minutes with a numerical advantage but their poor finishing continued to haunt them before Venezuelan Miku sealed the three points with a calm finish in the 83rd minute .
Erik Paartalu set it up for Miku who almost ran from the half-line racing past Figueras who finally gave up as he knocked the ball past ATK goalkeeper Debjit Majumder with utmost calmness , and composure .
Bengaluru FC were down to 10 players after Rahul Bheke fouled Keegan Pereira with a nasty challenge as referee sent off the defender with a second yellow card in the 75th minute but it did not help the cause .
Jayesh Rane had sloppy finishing as he missed scoring opportunities despite getting an open net at least a couple of times ( 57th and 68th minutes ) .
ATK had the better share of possession at halftime but luck continued to elude the two-time champions .
In the 33rd minute , Rane 's header came off the far post while five minutes later a long range strike by Ryan Taylor was denied by a fine save from Bengaluru FC goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh .
It could have been 3-0 in favour of Bengaluru FC but a fine goalline save by Ashutosh Mehta in the 72nd minute saved them further embarrassment .
ADVERTISEMENT
It was just before 10:30 a.m. on March 17 , 2018 , when Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 left the gate at New York 's La Guardia Airport . Some 15 minutes later the Boeing 737-700 took off for Dallas , Texas , carrying 144 passengers and five crew . What started out as an everyday flight soon became anything but routine . And for one woman , Jennifer Riordan , the events that unfolded a short while later would be utterly tragic .
A 43-year-old mother of two , Jennifer Riordan joined Wells Fargo Bank in Albuquerque , New Mexico in 2008 . Ten years later she had risen to become vice president of community relations with responsibility for around 1,000 staff . Riordan was on Flight 1380 as she was traveling back to her home city after a meeting in New York .
ADVERTISEMENT
Riordan had always been a high-achiever . Graduating with a bachelor 's degree in organizational communications from the University of New Mexico in 1999 , she also gained an associate 's degree from Vermont 's Champlain College . Riordan 's academic achievements proved to be an ideal launching pad for her successful Wells Fargo career .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The Bashar Assad regime on Thursday reportedly attacked a residential suburb of Damascus with chlorine gas , according to the White Helmets , a pro-opposition Syrian civil defense agency , in the third strike in less than a month . Numerous civilians , including children , were injured in the attack , which targeted the opposition-held city of Duma in the Eastern Ghouta district , White Helmets officials said .
On Jan. 22 , at least 21 people were treated for respiratory problems after rockets were fired on the rebel bastion of Eastern Ghouta outside Damascus , which residents and medical sources said contained chlorine .
In a recently released annual report , the White Helmets said that as many as 1,337 civilians had been killed in Eastern Ghouta last year amid ongoing regime attacks.Home to some 400,000 residents , Eastern Ghouta has been under siege for five years , and humanitarian access to the city has been completely cut off . Hundreds are in urgent need of medical attention .
In the past eight months , the Syrian regime has intensified its siege on Easter Ghouta , making it almost impossible to bring food or medicine into the district and leaving hundreds of patients in need of treatment . In an attempt to bring an end to the fighting , backers of opposing sides last year agreed to four de-escalations '' zones in the country . Notably , the district falls within a network of de-escalation zones endorsed by Turkey , Russia and Iran , in which acts of aggression are expressly forbidden . Idlib makes up part of one zone . The other three are in the south , the central province of Homs and the area of Eastern Ghouta , an opposition enclave near Damascus .
The Assad regime has been repeatedly accused of using chemical weapons on civilians . The United Nations found that Syrian government forces were responsible for chlorine attacks on three villages in 2014 and 2015 . And last year , the U.N. and others blamed regime forces for an April 2017 sarin gas attack on the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhun that left scores dead .
The U.S. administration on Thursday accused the regime of producing and using new kinds of weapons to deliver deadly chemicals despite committing to abolish its program in 2013 , and said the world must find a way to stop it . Raising the alarm about the continued threat , U.S. officials said it was highly likely that Assad kept a hidden stockpile of chemical weapons after 2013 that he failed to properly disclose . They said information gathered from recent alleged attacks also suggested that Assad retained a `` continued production capacity , '' also banned under the 2013 deal .
Years of efforts from two U.S. presidents have failed to end the harrowing reports of chemical weapons in Syria . Under President Barack Obama , the United States stopped short of striking Assad forces in response , but brokered a deal with Russia to rid Syria of its stockpiles . After another alleged attack in April 2017 , President Donald Trump ordered a retaliatory missile strike , but 10 months later , the U.S. and international observers say the weapons are still used .
Mitsubishi is recalling about 640,000 cars and SUVs worldwide because the accessory drive belt can come loose and cause engines to stall .
The recall covers Outlander SUVs from 2008 through 2012 , Outlander Sport SUVs from 2011 through 2012 , Lancer cars from 2009 through 2012 and Lancer Sportbacks from 2010 through 2012 .
All have Mitsubishi 's 4B11 or 4B12 engines , according to a document posted Thursday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . The automaker says a flange that automatically adjusts the belt tension can crack , causing the belt to detach . That will drain the battery and cause the engine to stall .
Mitsubishi says it has no reports of crashes or injuries . Dealers will replace the belt tensioner with an improved one at no cost to owners . The recall is to begin in the U.S. on March 27 .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Force Motors Ltd :
* JAN TOTAL DOMESTIC SALES OF 2474 UNITS
* JAN DOMESTIC SCV & LCV SALES OF 1333 UNITS
* JAN DOMESTIC UV , SUV AND TRACTORS SALES OF 1141 UNITS
* SAYS JAN TOTAL EXPORTS SALES 193 UNITS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
GOMERSAL appeared on course to register their fourth win of the season in All Rounder Bradford League Championship One before rain denied them against Bowling Old Lane last Saturday .
Joel Pollard produced his best bowling display of the season as he claimed 6-31 from 15 overs as Old Lane were dismissed for 136 .
Richard Wear ( 3-47 ) supported , with only Khalid Bilal offering resistance to make 46 not out including four fours and four sixes .
Bilal claimed 3-17 in reply as Gomersal reached 31-4 from 13 overs when the rain came .
Scholes recorded an eighth straight win and are 28 points clear at the top following victory over Morley .
Akbar Badshah top scored with 68 , while opener Shoukat Ali chipped in with 40 as Scholes were bowled out for 190 .
The leaders lost their last seven wickets for 35 runs with captain Oliver Halliday ( 4-13 ) and Matthew Dowse ( 3-42 ) sparking the slide .
Morley were soon in trouble at 56-6 in reply and although Naved Siddique offered resistance , they were eventually all out for 102 as Gareth Lee ( 3-15 ) and Yassir Ali ( 3-32 ) kept the wickets tumbling .
As the season approaches halfway , Scholes have yet to play either of their promotion rivals , Wrenthorpe or Methley , who met last weekend .
Wrenthorpe defeated their old Central Yorkshire League foes to go above Methley into second place .
Wrenthorpe were led to 200-9 by James Glynn ( 45 ) , Greg Wood ( 43 ) and Matt Holstein ( 36 ) , with Matthew Lumb ( 3-41 ) and Marcus Walmsley ( 3-50 ) the pick of the Methley bowlers .
Ashton Blakey made 35 in reply but Methley were bowled out for 132 as New ZealanderHolstein took 3-17 and Glynn 3-48 .
Undercliffe climbed above Morley into fourth place with a 17-run win over Ossett .
Opener Ben Whitford batted throughout the 45 overs of the Undercliffe innings for an unbeaten 90 , while overseas player Anas Mahmood ( 38 ) supported in a total of 203-5 .
Spinner Khalid Usman ( 3-44 ) was pick of the Ossett bowlers and followed up with a top score of 46 but Ossett were dismissed for 186 as Zeeshan Qasim claimed 3-66 .
An exciting game was brewing at Bankfoot , where Birstall reached 100-4 from 15.1 overs in reply to the home side 's 181 all out .
Charlie Orme claimed 5-26 as Birstall had Bankfoot in trouble at 93-9 before Peiris Prangige turned the game on its head .
He hit 10 sixes and a four in an unbeaten 98 off just 47 balls .
Prangige dominated a last-wicket stand of 88 with Uwaise Mahmood , who made just eight as Bankfoot recovered .
Ian Carradice led the Birstall reply with 52 before play was abandoned .
Yeadon romped to a nine-wicket victory over Baildon .
Opening bowler Tom Cordon claimed 7-45 as Baildon were bowled out for 112 . Jack Hainsworth top scored with 38 .
Yeadon cruised to their target with openers James Todd ( 42no ) and Jake Wray ( 41 ) leading the way .
Share :
WASHINGTON - The White House said Tuesday the planned trade sanctions against China announced in March are still in the works , and details will be announced in the coming month .
Despite announcing a truce in the trade hostilities , after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said threatened tariffs on Chinese goods were `` on hold , '' the White House signaled it was ready to pull the trigger on a broad array of penalties .
The statement comes as Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross prepares to travel to Beijing this week for another round of talks aimed at resolving the conflict , which includes a threat of matching sanctions from China on US goods .
The US trade sanctions announced in March -- including restrictions on Chinese investment , export controls and 25 percent tariffs on as much as $ 50 billion in Chinese tech exports -- remain under development , the White House said Tuesday .
The final list of Chinese imports covered by the tariffs list will be announced June 15 , and the proposed investment restrictions and enhanced export controls will be announced two weeks after that , according to the statement .
In addition , as part of the ongoing talks `` the United States will request that China remove all of its many trade barriers , including non-monetary trade barriers , which make it both difficult and unfair to do business there . ''
President Donald Trump has faced a backlash among lawmakers this month after announcing he would soften US sanctions on the Chinese telecoms equipment maker ZTE , which neared collapse due to an April ban on purchasing crucial US components .
Lawmakers in both parties have also criticized the president , saying this month 's truce surrendered Washington 's leverage without obtaining significant concessions from Beijing .
Aurangabad : NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday said no government has the right to interfere in Islamic laws related to talaq , which have their origin in the Quran .
He said if banning instant triple talaq was about giving protection to women , then `` whatever one intends to do should be done by taking prominent people in the Muslim community and clerics in confidence '' .
`` But talaq is a way provided by the Quran in Islam . It 's a message , and no ruler has the right to interfere with that , '' he said at a party rally in Aurangabad .
The Muslim Women ( Protection of Rights on Marriage ) Bill , 2017 was passed by the Lok Sabha in the recently concluded winter session , but could not be passed in the Rajya Sabha with the opposition demanding that it be sent to a Select Committee for a detailed scrutiny .
According to the draft law , instant triple talaq will attract a jail term of three years for the husband .
Pawar also hit out at the NDA government over its agricultural policies .
The growers are not getting good prices for their crops and the government is n't worried about farmer suicides , he alleged .
The government promised an increase in the minimum support price ( MSP ) for farm produce in the budget , but it did n't spell out how it would be done , Pawar said .
When the UPA government announced a Rs 71,000-crore loan waiver scheme for farmers , money was transferred to farmers ' accounts within a few days , he said .
Farmers in Maharashtra are waiting for money even months after the BJP-led state government announced a loan waiver in June 2017 .
On violence in Kasganj in Uttar Pradesh , Pawar alleged members of the Muslim community who were celebrating Republic Day were attacked by those who are close to the BJP .
NCP leader and Leader of Opposition in the Maharashtra Legislative Council Dhananjay Munde alleged the state government tried to create hurdles in today 's rally by `` denying or delaying '' permission .
`` You may disrupt internet services , but how would you suppress people 's voice , '' he said .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : IALAMABAD , Dec 10 ( APP ) - “ This year , the Human Rights Day assumes special significance as it coincides with the 70th anniversary of the adoption of Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) , Foreign Minister said in his HR day message here Sunday .
In the last seven decades , considerable progress has been made in advancing and safeguarding human rights across the world . This day is an occasion to celebrate collective successes and achievements in this important area . This day provides us an opportunity to reaffirm our resolve to promote , and respect human dignity , rights as well as needs .
On behalf of the people and Government of Pakistan , I wish to reiterate our strong commitment to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms , as well as needs . Pakistan has demonstrated its resolve by enacting wide ranging legislation , establishing strong institutional machinery and putting in place robust policy measures in the field of human rights . Pakistan 's Constitution serves as an anchor and guarantor of fundamental freedoms and human rights of all Pakistanis .
The Government of Pakistan accords high priority to advancing mutually reinforcing objectives of development , human rights and democracy . The Government is laying special emphasis on creating an inclusive society as envisioned by the Father of the Nation , Quaid-e-Azam , Muhammad Ali Jinnah . Protecting , strengthening and promoting respect for human rights is a solemn duty of every State towards its people .
This year is also significant for Pakistan in the field of human rights . Pakistan actively engaged with the UN human rights institutions and partners through regular submission of national reports , participation in review processes and implementation of recommendations arising from such mechanisms . Pakistan filed reports and participated in the review mechanism of three international treaty bodies , namely CAT , ICESCR and ICCPR . Pakistan also successfully presented its third national report on Universal Periodic Review ( UPR ) on 13 November 2017 . This level of engagement , participation and contribution demonstrates Pakistan 's commitment as well as actions to advance the cause of human rights .
Pakistan 's success as the newly elected member of the Human Rights Council ( HRC ) this year is a testimony to the confidence reposed in Pakistan by the international community as a consensus builder within the international human rights policy framework .
As we commemorate this day , it is important to recognize and demand full respect for the rights of people under continued illegal occupation . Foremost among these are the people of Indian occupied Jammu & Kashmir and Palestine . This day should serve as a reminder for realization of one of the fundamental rights – right to self-determination . Pakistan wishes to reaffirm its full diplomatic , political and moral support to the Kashmiri people in the just cause for human dignity , respect and inalienable right to self-determination . Pakistan also calls upon the international community to lend its voice and support to the people of Palestine who remain subjected to torture , killings , illegal occupation of their lands and gross violations of their rights and dignity .
While we commemorate this day , we should not lose sight of the worrying trends such as xenophobia , Islamophobia , intolerance , discrimination , and hate crimes against migrant communities that have clouded the achievements in the field of human rights . Let us redouble our collective efforts in making sure that the true spirit of UDHR is fully adhered to by states across the world . ”
Share :
PESHAWAR - Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal and Awami National Party are hopeful of bagging sufficient votes in NA-28 , previously NA-4 , Peshawar-II , however ; Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf had not only won the seat in the 2013 general election but also in the by-election against Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz candidate Nasir Musazai .
Prominent candidates on NA-28 include former MNA Sabir Awan of MMA , Arbab Amir Ayub of the PTI , Intikhab Khan Chamkani of PML-N , Shafi Akbar of ANP and Ghzanfar Ali of PPP while Farhan Jhagra , son of KP Governor Iqbal Zafar Jhagra , has withdrawn his papers in favour of Intikhab Khan Chamkani .
In the 2013 general election , Gulzar Khan of the PTI had secured the highest number of votes in this area followed by Nasir Musazai of PML-N , Sabir Hussain Awan of Jamaat-e-Islami , Arbab Ayub Jan of ANP , Arbab Kamal of JUI-F and Misbah-ud-Din of Pakistan People 's Party .
Later , after the sudden death of Gulzar Khan , the bye election was held on the vacant seat which was won by Arbab Amir Ayub of the PTI with the highest number of votes , 45,734 , followed by the ANP candidate Khushdil Khan . The PML-N candidate Nasir Musazai stood third while Asad Gulzar , son of the deceased PTI MNA Gulzar Khan , stood fourth .
Israr Ahmad , resident of the NA-28 Peshawar , told this scribe that the area was strong hold of the PTI and it would be difficult for other parties to overpower the PTI in the general election . He said that the PTI candidate Arbab Amir Ayub was expected to get votes to the tune of 45,000 in the election .
He added that neck and neck contest was expected between the PTI , ANP and MMA , adding that ANP 's former candidate Khushdil Khan could get handsome vote in NA-28 as he was one of the active political workers in the area but he was not awarded ticket by the party , preferring Shafi Akbar to him .
Qasim Khan , another resident of the area , said that PTI was the most favourite on this constituency as after the bye-election , large numbers of people had joined the party and even former candidate of PML-N Nasir Musazai and his supporters had also recently joined the PTI . Musazai was awarded ticket for a Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Assembly seat .
“ Arbab Amer Ayub could win the seat as he has proved himself during the last 5 months since he won the bye-polls . He spends money from his own pocket to install transformers and resolve other issues ” Irshad Khan , another resident of the same constituency , told this scribe .
The National Rifle Association took a shot at YETI coolers and created a stir . Now the company that markets a line of fashionable and expensive products has fired back .
On April 20 , the NRA sent a letter to its members saying that YETI coolers had cut ties with the organization .
With a day to let the smoke settle , literally in some cases , YETI responded to the NRA 's claims .
In a post on Twitter , the company said that a few weeks ago it notified the NRA Foundation and other organizations that it was “ eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs . ”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK To protest Yeti 's decision to cut ties with the NRA , Bryan Atkinson fills his cooler with ammonia nitrate and aluminum powder , takes aim at it with his AR-15 , and .. Bryan Atkinson
“ When we notified the NRA Foundation and the other organizations about this change , YETI explained that we were offering them an alternative customization program broadly available to consumers and organizations , including the NRA Foundation , ” the statement read . “ These facts directly contradict the inaccurate statement the NRA-ILA distributed on April 20 . ”
The said `` YETI has declined to do business with The NRA Foundation saying they no longer wish to be an NRA vendor , and refused to say why . They will only say they will no longer sell products to The NRA Foundation. ” NRA letter
Some NRA supporters responded to the news by planning a boycott of the popular line of coolers and other products , including apparel . One South Carolina man took his anger with YETI a step further .
Bryan Atkinson filled his , placed it in a field , then shot it with his AR-15 rifle . YETI cooler with explosives
Copycats followed Atkinson 's lead , and the hashtag # YetiCoolerChallenge has been trending . Many people made social media posts where they got creative in the ways they destroyed their YETI products , the reported . Washington Post
The dispute between the NRA and YETI comes after a number of businesses have distanced themselves from the NRA or gun manufacturers following several high-profile shootings .
Companies ranging from airlines to rental car companies ended discounts for NRA members , the reported . Chicago Tribune
Some NRA members have taken to social media to dispute YETI 's statement , with it being called damage control . But YETI has said it remains a strong supporter of the the Second Amendment .
`` YETI is unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment , '' the company tweeted .
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
Authorities were responding to a fire that broke out Monday afternoon in the concrete channel of the Los Angeles River near Chinatown .
The fire , which appeared to be burning some type of substance on the river floor , was sending black smoke into the air that could be seen for miles .
No structures appeared threatened .
TV footage showed some flames coming from a black substance of some kind in the river .
ADVERTISEMENT
One group of ducks had never known the light of day . They had spent their entire lives locked up in a squalid cage in the most harrowing of circumstances . After their rescue , they were broken . But when they saw water for the first time , it was clear the animals still had some fight left in them .
Woodstock Farm Sanctuary is a charity located in the hamlet of High Falls in New York . As part of its work , the organization rescues farm animals . It then brings them to the safety of its idyllic sanctuary , which lies just 90 minutes north of New York City .
ADVERTISEMENT
During the warmer months , the farm opens its doors to the public . The organization invites guests to interact with animals and build bonds with their fellow living creatures . Its main aim is to get as many people as possible treating animals as friends rather than food .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Steve Alford got his year back .
UCLA announced Friday that it had awarded its men 's basketball coach a one-year contract extension that runs through the 2020-21 season , more than a year after Alford had returned a previous one-year extension in the wake of a losing season .
The Bruins went 31-5 last season and reached an NCAA tournament regional semifinal for the third time in Alford 's four seasons at the school . UCLA tied a school record with 28 regular-season wins while going 15-3 in the Pac-12 Conference .
“ Steve did an outstanding job , helping produce one of the nation 's most exciting offensive teams in recent memory , ” UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero said in a statement announcing the contract extension . “ There was a significant buzz about UCLA basketball around town and among the sellout crowds at Pauley Pavilion . As such , he certainly earned back the one-year extension that he had voluntarily returned prior to the season . We are looking forward to seeing what 2017-18 brings . ”
UCLA 's seven-man freshman class features McDonald 's All-Americans Jaylen Hands and Kris Wilkes and has been widely ranked among the best in the country . The freshmen will join senior center Thomas Welsh and junior guard Aaron Holiday , who will return after initially declaring for the NBA draft to receive evaluations about their professional prospects and areas to target for improvement .
Alford returned a one-year extension in March 2016 after the Bruins completed a 15-17 season . They more than doubled that victory total last season while finishing second in the nation in points per game ( 89.9 ) and leading all Division I teams in assists per game , ( 21.4 ) , field-goal accuracy ( 52.2 % ) and assist-to-turnover ration ( 1.91 ) .
Alford has compiled a 96-45 record in four seasons at UCLA , producing nine NBA draft selections , including Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball , the second overall pick in the most recent draft .
UCLA also announced that Duane Broussard , a longtime assistant under Alford going back to his tenure at New Mexico , had been elevated to the position of associate head coach .
The Bruins will play Cal State Los Angeles in their exhibition opener on Nov. 1 at Pauley Pavilion .
ben.bolch @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ latbbolch
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
SUNRISE , Fla. — Jonathan Huberdeau was n't quite sure he had scored the winning goal until the referees reviewed the play .
With the score tied at 2 , and a lot of traffic in front of the crease , Huberdeau slid a rebound under Petr Mrazek 's pad from the edge of the crease with 7.7 seconds left as the Detroit goalie fell down . The goal was challenged for goalie interference by the Red Wings but the call stood and the Florida Panthers secured a 3-2 victory Saturday night .
When asked if he thought the goal might be disallowed , Huberdeau admitted he was nervous .
`` A little bit . I knew I was close to the goalie , but whenever he pushes you , it should be a good goal , '' he said . `` You never know these days . I think goalie interference this year has been either way . I 'm just glad we got a nice two points tonight . ''
The Red Wings certainly did n't see it that way .
`` I just think it 's frustrating because it appears it 's changed in the last week , '' Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill said . `` A week ago , for sure , that was no goal . This week it looks like everything 's a goal . Over the All-Star break they had lots of conversations , and it 's changed in a week . ''
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers , and Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win . Keith Yandle had two assists to help the Panthers win their third straight .
`` I was proud of the way we kept battling to the end . It was an up-and-down game , '' said Panthers coach Bob Boughner , who admitted he also was n't sure about that late goal . `` There was some goalie contact , but it was more from incidental contact . That 's what I was thinking . And crossing my fingers that 's what they thought , too . ''
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start .
`` I do n't know what 's going to be goalie interference , '' Mrazek said . `` He came inside the crease and bumped me a little bit and I fell . Real disappointing and very upset . We fought hard and deserved that point tonight . ''
Carlos Gomez provided some Fourth of July fireworks in the Tampa Bay Rays ' dugout Wednesday , destroying a water cooler in a display of frustration after striking out in Wednesday 's game against the Marlins .
We were n't * going * to have fireworks at Marlins Park today ... pic.twitter.com/7MQAbkbgXU — Miami Marlins ( @ Marlins ) July 4 , 2018
The Rays had runners at first and second with no outs in the second inning when Gomez squared to bunt on an 0-1 pitch from Marlins right-hander Jose Urena .
The ball appeared to hit Gomez 's right hand , but plate umpire Chris Segal called it a foul ball , saying that Gomez had offered at the pitch . Gomez struck out on the next pitch and appeared to say something briefly to Segal as he headed to the dugout .
Once in the dugout , Gomez smashed a small rectangular cooler with his bat . He then punched a larger cooler .
Gomez , 32 , is struggling through a rough season with the Rays . He entered Wednesday 's game with a career-worst .198 batting average .
If you 've taken a stroll through Spruce Grove over the last two months , you 've probably noticed a series of letters posted along walking trails , parks and other public spaces . The letters are addressed to anonymous victims of sexual assault and violence and the practice marks the third installation of Spruce Grove 's Survivor Love Letters project .
Spearheaded by Stephanie Chard , the Love Letters project aims to provide support to those affected by sexual violence in the tri-region and to the further the conversation around consent in the region .
“ What I 've done is I 've put a call out to community members in Spruce Grove and the surrounding area for them to write a letter to a survivor ( of sexual violence ) , ” Chard said . `` It 's not focused on one person in particular , or calling anyone out , it 's to the broader survivors within our community . ”
Over the years , Chard has been flooded with letters from the public , expressing their support and belief in those victimized by sexual violence . She takes those heartfelt letters and distributes them throughout the community .
“ What I did is I took those letters that I got , put them on coloured paper , decorated them and laminated them and placed them throughout the community , ” she said .
The last two years have been dominated by increased focus on consent and sexual violence with movements like # MeToo and the arrest of disgraced media mogul Harvey Weinstein , but Chard began her work three years ago from a personal place .
“ I 'm a survivor in this community . As I was growing up and in high school I felt very alone . I did not feel supported and did n't know anyone in the community who had faced similar situations as I had , ” Chard said . “ It 's a topic that has a lot of stigmas behind it . People do n't want to talk about it even if they are survivors . So trying to get the word out and get people to talk about it and shed some light on the topic . ”
The Love Letters project has received positive feedback from the community , says Chard who noted she receives messages through social media about the conversations that her project has sparked between families and friends . She 's hoping that those experiences will help improve sexual assault services in Spruce Grove and the surrounding areas .
“ I 'd like to see a sexual assault centre in Spruce Grove . I think it 's highly needed , ” Chard said . “ We have one in Edmonton but when I was in high school I had no transportation . I had no one that I felt like I could trust to talk to and so therefore I went without professional help for a lot of years because there was no opportunity within Spruce Grove in terms of a specified centre for sexual assault . ”
Those interested in getting involved can contact Chard through the Spruce Grove Survivor 's Love Letters Facebook page .
New York : A man with a pipe bomb strapped to his body with Velcro and zip ties set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday , injuring him and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour .
All four were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack .
The explosion happened in a long underground passageway that runs a full city block under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues . The 7:20 am blast caused smoke to fill the passageway , which was crowded with Monday morning commuters .
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack .
`` Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals , '' de Blasio said .
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah .
Law enforcement officials said he was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group . The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent . The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast .
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device . They were investigating how it was made , and combing through surveillance footage that captured the blast on video .
A video posted on social media showed the security footage . In it , a man walks through the crowded pedestrian tunnel and the bomb suddenly going off in a plume of white smoke . Through the smoke , the suspect is then seen sprawled on the ground as bystanders flee .
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abdomen . The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches .
Police are investigating whether Ullah intended to set off the device in the walkway , or whether he had meant to do it in a busier location .
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff . A police officer is holding the man 's hands behind his back .
A Brooklyn man has been arrested after allegedly detonating a homemade pipe bomb inside the Port Authority https : //t.co/JdHgIez0Fepic.twitter.com/QuNAxQRGv8 — New York Post ( @ nypost ) December 11 , 2017
The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground , tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal .
Elrana Peralta , a customer service worker for Greyhound , said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened , but did n't hear the explosion .
`` All we could hear was the chaos , '' she said . `` We could hear people yelling , 'Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! ' ''
John Miles , 28 , from Vermont , was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts . He also did n't hear the blast , but saw police react .
`` I did n't know what was going on . Officers were running around . I was freaking out , '' he said . There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave . `` They did n't incite panic . It was fairly orderly . ''
New York has seen its share of terror attacks in recent years . On 31 October , a man drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center , killing eight people .
Video from above the `` Crossroads of the World '' showed lines of police and emergency vehicles , their lights flashing , lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving .
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down for a few hours — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour . But by 10 a.m. , much of the area had returned to normal . Authorities said by evening rush hour everything would be re-opened .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations . NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken , where they could take trains into the city .
. @ POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders ( @ PressSec ) December 11 , 2017
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion .
MONTREAL — A Montreal suburb has adopted a bylaw that bans all smoking in public places , in what is believed to be a first in Canada .
Hampstead city council adopted the legislation Monday night by a vote of five to two .
It prohibits tobacco or marijuana smoking on municipal property , including sidewalks and streets .
It should take effect within a week or so .
The Canadian Cancer Society said earlier this month that Hampstead , Que. , would become the first municipality in the country to ban smoking in public if the bylaw were enacted .
Winnipeg police are looking for a man who threw a chunk of concrete at a Winnipeg Transit driver 's head last month .
Police said a man boarded a bus near St. Vital Shopping Centre on May 24 at around 1 p.m. and refused to pay . He argued with the driver , before getting off the bus in the downtown area .
The driver then spotted the man again waiting at a bus stop at Ellice Avenue and Simcoe Street . While people were boarding the bus , the suspect threw a large piece of concrete at the driver , striking him in the head .
RELATED : Winnipeg transit passenger slaps female driver in the face , rips shirt
The driver was not seriously hurt , but John Callahan , the President of the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1505 , believes drivers are starting to think that violence comes with the job .
“ Reality is , having a chunk of concrete thrown at your head , it could kill you , ” Callahan said .
The man fled on foot . Police described him as a black man , 20-30 years of age , approximately 5'10 ” , 145 lbs , with braided black hair .
The city is trying to ramp up safety on its transit buses . Late last month , several safety recommendations were made in an attempt to help protect bus drivers and riders .
In the report , Winnipeg Transit recommended a pilot project to test bus operator safety barriers . It also recommended increased safety methods be considered in the city 's 2018 budget . That includes more audio and video surveillance systems and funding for five more security positions .
The recommendations were made after transit driver , Irvine Fraser , was fatally stabbed by a passenger while he was stopped at the end of his route at the University of Manitoba on Feb. 14 .
READ MORE : More than 100 transit staff gather for bus drivers funeral
Callahan said something needs to be done .
Morpeth Rotary Club members were very pleased to hear that Colin Briggs , of the BBC , had agreed to come to visit the group again and talk about his career .
He said it was his mother 's fault that he got into entertainment .
He was aged 15 on his summer holidays with no money . He had his wallet pinched in Plymouth and was in debt . He needed to get a job quickly and applied to a holiday camp on the Isle of Wight . He got a job as a kitchen porter where he had to peel two cwt . of potatoes a day and had to do the washing up .
He decided that his holiday job the following year would not be as a porter or waiter .
His mother wanted him to try for a job at the Gas Board , but he did n't think he would meet many ladies there and wrote to various television companies instead .
He had an interview and was accepted to work for lots of money as an assistant in the sound department . This was great fun .
The business was moving from old studios in a converted cinema to purpose-built studios .
The team worked on Michael Miles ' Wheel Of Fortune and a programme called Houseparty with ladies sitting around a table giving opinions . They seemed to be very old women to Colin at the time , but were probably aged 40 to 45 . They were very funny , very filthy and very sexy .
When this temporary job ended the only other summer job Colin could get was as a tyre fitter and van driver . Fitting tractor tyres was a particular struggle .
What he wanted to do was to read English at university . However , the school careers master told him that he would need GCE O Level Latin to do that and he had done English and German .
As an alternative , since he had been very young he had wanted to be a reporter . He had seen a series on television with a journalist in a trenchcoat phoning back urgent copy from pubs and phone boxes .
He entered a competition to write a story on what he had done at the weekend . He wrote a story about the Southampton Show where the Echo reporter had not turned up and he pretended he was a reporter and had to cover it .
He won the competition , and on the strength of that he got accepted onto one of the very few journalist training courses at the time , but then he got side-tracked .
A friend of his wanted to go to Oxford Polytechnic , but there was a postal strike and Colin went with him to call on the course tutor for an application form .
The tutor persuaded Colin to also take a form and apply , and this led to an interview for a degree course . It turned out to be one of the best interviews he had ever done as he did n't care whether he got through or not . He was offered a place on the course and had three great years there .
In fact , he was at the college reunion only a few weeks ago .
There are now 25,000 students at Oxford Brookes University . When he went there , there were 1,500 .
Colin graduated and got a job working back on van delivery and tyre fitting .
He should have gone into journalism , but there were no jobs available at any of the TV companies .
He was offered a place on a Natwest graduate trainee course to become a bank manager , although he thought he was not very suited .
A week before starting the job , he got a job as a sub-editor on She magazine . He had headlines and copy to re-write , but the pay and conditions were poor .
He moved on to work in motoring journalism and in public relations , and then later did some TV and radio , which he enjoyed more than anything he had done before .
He set himself a target of 12 months to get a job at a radio station or he would go to drama school as his brother was an actor .
He got a job at GB Radio in Gwent presenting programmes on rock and roll . He turned up in his red E-Type Jaguar , but his salary was halved overnight . Previously , he had been able to live off his expenses account .
It was the greatest fun to work at the radio station in Wales and he learnt a lot , but while there he lost his wife , his Ducatti and the E-Type .
Highlights were having a pint with Billy J. Kramer and interviewing Georgie Fame . The interview was unusable , but he was very good company .
There was no money in commercial radio and there were very few people in the newsroom . He would spend half his shift doing the show and if they were a bit short on the news team he would do a half shift with them .
He had a wonderful cottage nearby and a great life until one day the chairman of the company called in and told the staff they were shutting down the radio station and were in talks to merge with Cardiff CBC .
Colin ended up at CBC , which paid even less .
He moved to the North East to do sport on the radio , but then got side-tracked into news and current affairs for nine years , before moving round the corner to work on television .
He answered a large number of questions about Mike Neville , disasters while on air , his facebook and Twitter accounts , his make-up and the studio lighting .
He also discussed how he organises and re-writes his breakfast slots , and how once , working with an award-winning photographer , he almost got an amazing scoop .
He answered in the same lively and interesting way that he had given his talk and was warmly thanked by the speaker 's host Alan Clark .
Qatar Airways will continue to expand even as it prepares to announce `` large '' annual losses due to a blockade by neighbors , the airline 's chief executive said on Monday . Akbar al-Baker said the Gulf carrier remained a `` very robust company '' despite being heavily affected by a regional diplomatic dispute that has seen it lose access to routes across Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain and Egypt .
`` Yes , it will be a large loss . When I say we will be declaring a large loss , for me , after making profit , then even if I lost only $ 10 million , it 's a large loss , '' Baker told a press conference . But he said that the national carrier is not in danger of a collapse .
`` You can see although we are predicting a loss , we are still expanding , we are still investing , we are still buying airplanes .
`` We will keep on expanding , keep on recruiting not firing people , not parking airplanes , ( and ) shrinking the network , doing exactly the opposite . ''
Barring Qatar Airways from using its neighbors ' airspace has increased costs for the company during the 10 months since the crisis erupted . The airline made a profit of $ 540 million last year and new results will be announced in June . Qatar Airways has a fleet of around 200 aircraft and over 100 more on firm orders . The outspoken Baker accused neighboring former allies of `` bullying '' Qatar after they cut all ties with the emirate last June . Taking a swipe at American carriers , he said they hide behind U.S. bankruptcy protection laws whereas Qatar Airways does not enjoy this benefit . Baker also confirmed that plans to expand Doha 's Hamad International Airport in time for the 2022 World Cup would go ahead .
A partially paralyzed Ladson man has become one of the best para archers in the world and is aiming to compete in the 2020 Paralympics in Tokyo .
Ben Thompson was left paralyzed from the chest down , after a 2010 motorcycle accident . `` I was coming to work like 12 o'clock on a Saturday and do n't really remember much , ” Thompson said .
After weeks of recovery , Thompson 's doctors urged him to find a hobby and stay active for his health .
“ A . You can put on weight very quickly and B. you can have a lot of skin issues , ” he said .
Thompson picked up archery , a beloved hobby from his childhood in Illinois .
`` I grew up shooting everything I could , but nothing to this level , '' he said .
You can see his love for the sport around his desk inside Boeing South Carolina , where he keeps pictures of the Para Team and a battered target on the wall .
In 2015 , Thompson captured the compound archery bronze medal at the 2015 Para Pan Am Games in Toronto . He narrowly missed a spot on the 2016 Rio Paralympic team . “ I started in 2014 and that was the end goal , ” he said .
Thompson contemplated putting up the bow and arrow after the defeat . He said , “ I decided I could do better . I totally changed everything and in the next tournament shot a personal best . ”
He trains as much as possible , proving his journey is not over . Thompson has his sights sets on becoming a Paralympian and shooting until he no longer sees success .
“ I told myself I wo n't quit until I feel I have plateaued . ”
Copyright 2017 WCSC . All rights reserved .
Walmart offers employees new perk : cheap access to college
Walmart is offering its employees a new perk : affordable access to a college degree .
America 's largest private employer , which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree , hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market .
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor 's degree in business or supply-chain management . It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners : the University of Florida , Brandman University and Bellevue University . It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees .
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help . Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition , books and fees , eliminating the need for student loans .
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify , Walmart said . About 68,000 of Walmart 's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years , based on interest from its workers , said Julie Murphy , executive vice president of people at Bentonville , Arkansas-based Walmart .
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping , steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers .
The partnership with Guild Education , which was founded in 2015 , goes beyond Walmart 's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent . The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy , and has a career program for entry level workers .
Guild Education works with other national chains , including Chipotle Mexican Grill , Taco Bell and Lowe 's , on their employee education programs . But Rachel Carlson , CEO and co-founder of Guild Education , says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways , including its low upfront costs .
Walmart 's move puts it in the league of Starbucks , which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University .
Author : Associated Press
You are here :
Sanju box office collection : Sanjay Dutt biopic earns Rs 22 cr on Tuesday , inches towards Rs 200 cr mark
Rajkumar Hirani 's Sanju , which released on 29 June , has done exceptionally well at the box office , recording the highest opening figures and beating Salman Khan 's Race 3 and Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's Padmavaat . The Sanjay Dutt biopic was not just received well by the audience but critics as well , for the exceptional performance by the cast .
Within first three days of release , Sanju managed to cross the Rs 100 crore mark and the latest figures suggest the film will smoothly slide into the Rs 200 crore club soon . The film passed the crucial Monday test and earned Rs 25.35 crores .
Tuesday 's figures were shared by leading film trade analyst Taran Adarsh on Twitter . Sanju has raked in a whopping amount of Rs 22 crores , making the overall collection Rs 167.51 crore .
# Sanju continues its EPIC RUN ... Shows INCREDIBLE TRENDING on weekdays ... Eyes ₹ 200 cr+ in Week 1 ... Fri 34.75 cr , Sat 38.60 cr , Sun 46.71 cr , Mon 25.35 cr , Tue 22.10 cr . Total : ₹ 167.51 cr . India biz ... Heading for BLOCKBUSTER status . — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) July 4 , 2018
Trade analyst Sunil Kadel had earlier predicted that the film would earn Rs 22 crores on Tuesday .
# Sanju Tuesday - Started with a bang , film registered 30 % occupancy at morning shows . Noon shows registering approx 40 % occupancy across India . Tuesday collection is marching towards ₹ 22 crs nett . — Sumit kadel ( @ SumitkadeI ) July 3 , 2018
The film has also been lauded worldwide with theatres in Dubai remaining open for 24 hours owing to the high demand for shows , according to Filmfare .
Updated Date : Jul 04 , 2018 14:12 PM
Fowler endorses Liverpool 's transfer toughness amid Coutinho saga
Philippe Coutinho is reportedly wanted by Barcelona but Robbie Fowler feels Liverpool are right to try and keep their stars .
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017 , 00:55 IST
Philippe Coutinho playing for Liverpool in pre-season
Robbie Fowler has welcomed Liverpool 's tough stance on potential player sales and expects reinforcements to arrive in the final weeks of the transfer window .
Liverpool 's owners Fenway Sports Group on Friday announced they will not consider any offers for Philippe Coutinho , having reportedly rejected a second bid of £90million from Barcelona for the attacking midfielder .
The Brazil international , who is said to be among the Catalan giants ' preferred options to replace Neymar , is believed to have submitted a transfer request in the wake of that decision .
The Reds lost star striker Luis Suarez to Barça in 2014 but , when asked about Liverpool 's ability to cope with the departure of key players , retired striker Fowler said he remains hopeful the 25-year-old will still be at Anfield when the window shuts on August 31 .
He told Omnisport : `` Jurgen [ Klopp ] has come out and said no players are going to be leaving .
`` At the minute , there 's nothing to replace .
`` The club have made it perfectly clear , their stance . No players are for sale and that 's the way we want it to be . ''
The Reds in Hoffenheim . pic.twitter.com/Yef5B5U7qz — Liverpool FC ( @ LFC ) August 14 , 2017
Liverpool 's familiar defensive problems were plain for all to see on Saturday as they drew 3-3 away to Watford .
Despite persistent links with Southampton centre-back Virgil van Dijk , a move for the Dutchman is yet to materialise .
Fowler , though , is confident Klopp will pick the right moment to strengthen his side .
`` He wants to add to the squad , '' he said .
`` He knows what he needs to do . He 's a very clever manager , he knows what he wants . He 's progressed since he 's been at this club . He 's that type of manager . He 'll get the best out of players .
`` There are a few weeks left of the window . I would be massively surprised if nothing was to happen . I 'm sure there 's lots going on behind the scenes . ''
Having been impressed by new attacking arrival Mohamed Salah , Fowler 's fellow former Liverpool favourite Ian Rush also feels attention must now turn to tightening up at the back .
`` We 're going to score goals , now we 've just got to stop conceding them , '' Rush told Omnisport .
Questioned on potential reinforcements , he said : `` I 'd like to see that but at the end of the day that 's the manager 's job to do that , we never know what 's going to happen .
`` We 'd all love to see players coming in , [ and ] none going out . ''
Police and emergency personnel responded this morning to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York to investigate reports of an “ explosion . ”
Comments
Ed Sachse , 56 , has toiled in the real estate field since he started a window-washing business as a teen in Detroit . Today he is president of property services for Kennedy Wilson , overseeing its brokers and 21 million square feet of retail , office , industrial and apartment properties across the U.S. from the firm 's Beverly Hills headquarters .
Freezing in Michigan
As a 15-year-old high school student in the 1970s , Sachse ( pronounced “ saxy ” ) and a friend with a car paid $ 400 for a window-washing business that served strip malls . They learned the importance of working quickly when , in the winter , the washing solution would freeze on the windows if they did n't wipe it off fast enough .
They expanded their business by knocking on doors and handing out cards . The experience proved formative for his future as an entrepreneur .
“ We made a lot more money washing windows than all of our friends with part-time jobs in gas stations and supermarkets , ” he said . “ And we learned you have to expect the unexpected and roll with the changes when you run your own business . It was a constant adventure . ”
Head for numbers
At Michigan State University , Sachse learned he had a knack for accounting . Degree in hand , he went to work as an accountant for industry giant Arthur Andersen , serving clients such as Domino 's Pizza Inc. and the Detroit Tigers . He found the profession exciting but draining .
“ I was burned out after the third tax season , ” he said . “ I took a vacation to Santa Monica to get out of Detroit for a week and met a blond-haired , blue-eyed hottie named Julie , who is my wife today , ” he said .
He moved to Los Angeles and found accounting work with commercial property landlord Douglas Emmett Inc . He was rapidly promoted to chief financial officer of the landlord 's mortgage banking company , Camden Financial .
Beyond accounting
Soon , however , “ I had an itch to do something different , ” Sachse said . “ I wanted to learn the city and do deals . ”
That led to a job as a broker at Coldwell Banker , the commercial property brokerage now called CBRE Group Inc. His first big challenge was to sell an empty school , so he flipped through the Yellow Pages looking for prospects .
“ Religious schools have money , so I started calling all the religious schools , ” he said .
He got a nibble from Rabbi Marvin Hier , founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center , who brought his assistants to check out the school one Sunday . Hier seemed interested in a basketball court , so Sachse grabbed a ball while Hier 's crew went to work .
“ On my first proper building tour , I found myself playing ‘ horse ' with the rabbi while his group did the inspections , ” he said . Hier 's organization bought the building , and Sachse 's career as a broker took off .
More success stories from How I Made It »
We made a lot more money washing windows than all of our friends with part-time jobs in gas stations and supermarkets . Ed Sasche , president of property services for Kennedy Wilson
On his own
Sasche eased into property management unintentionally when a client who owned a strip mall had trouble leasing empty space in part because the parking lot was unkempt and packed with employees ' vehicles .
He cleaned up the lot , got workers to park elsewhere and helped the landlord collect overdue rent from the mall 's largest tenant . His success at improving the center 's performance prompted him to start his own property management and brokerage company in 1993 , even though the country had just suffered through a recession and the real estate industry was in a trough .
“ I figured that if I can make it in a bad market , ” Sasche said , “ I can make it in any market . ”
A hammer falls
Sachse 's business rode up with the improving economy in the '90s , but his world broke apart in 2001 .
“ Out of the blue , at age 41 , I was diagnosed with stage 4 non-Hodgkin lymphoma , ” he said . “ I had tumors in my spine , liver and spleen , and it was difficult to walk . ”
He battled the disease for the next six years while trying to keep his business afloat , dashing to the hospital for blood transfusions and enduring a bone marrow transplant and two stem cell transplants .
At one point he could n't talk but managed to negotiate a 30,000-square-foot office lease .
“ I would lie on my back in the hospital with my phone three inches from my nose typing emails , ” he said . “ With the help of my team we ended up closing the deal , and I never spoke a word . ”
Another , bigger recession
The Great Recession brought Sachse 's business to its knees with cutbacks and layoffs . Determined not to go under , in late 2009 he made a list of 40 contacts he might get new business from and called on each of them in the hope 2010 would be better .
One of his visits was to Kennedy Wilson , where he said , “ Give me your worst property to sell or lease . I want to show you how good we are . ”
Instead , Kennedy Wilson offered to buy his company . After talking it over with his wife , Sachse agreed to the acquisition . Since then he has overseen brokerage and property management for Kennedy Wilson .
Outside the office
Ed and Julie Sachse live in Pacific Palisades and have two grown children . Ed is a hockey fan who shares a birthday with Red Wings star Gordie Howe .
His “ biggest passion , ” he said , is playing rock-and-roll on his guitar . He and his friends have a garage band that performs occasionally , usually at their own parties .
“ Every time we play together , ” he joked , “ it costs us money . ”
Support our journalism Already a subscriber ? Thank you for your support . If you are not , please consider subscribing today . Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks .
roger.vincent @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ rogervincent
MidAmerican Energy is seeking regulatory approval for its 12th major wind turbine project in Iowa . Adam Wright , MidAmerican 's president and CEO , said once the project is done , the company 's Iowa customers will have access to 100 percent renewable energy for their electricity .
“ For us , it 's a capstone of our efforts since the early 2000s to a leader in renewable energy , ” Wright said this morning . “ …This is no doubt historic . ”
The company 's 11th wind turbine project is currently underway . MidAmerican is calling this next project “ Wind 12 ” and the new turbines will be erected at up to four sites around the state .
“ We plan to officially file the Wind XII project with the Iowa Utilities Board this afternoon and , if it 's approved , we will invest $ 922 million , ” Wright said , “ and complete the project by 2020 . ”
There are “ lasting benefits ” to harnessing wind power to provide electricity , according to Wright .
“ With wind , we do n't need to buy fuel to make the energy . This is a big reason why MidAmerican 's rates are 37 percent lower than the national average and it 's a big reason we 'll be able to maintain those rates at a very low and competitive level going forward . That 's a huge benefit for our customers , ” Wright said .
“ In addition , to date wind has allowed us to cut the amount of carbon we produce nearly in half since 2003 . After ‘ Wind XII ' is complete , we 'll be producing 65 percent carbon than we were 15 years ago . That 's a clear benefit for our environment . ”
Wright spoke at a news conference near a wind turbine MidAmerican installed on the state fairgrounds . Governor Kim Reynolds , who joined Wright for the announcement , said energy intensive businesses like manufacturers and tech companies need low energy rates to be successful and this project “ launches Iowa to the top of the charts . ”
“ Iowa leads the nation in the percentage of energy and that leadership position has helped create a competitive advantage for our state , ” Reynolds said .
Iowa Association of Business and Industry president and CEO Mike Ralston said MidAmerican 's focus on wind power balances the need to provide reliable electric service to its customers with environmental accountability .
“ Here 's an important fact : no other rate-regulated utility in the nation owns more wind power capacity than does MidAmerican Energy . None , ” Ralston said during the news conference . “ That 's a big deal . ”
Last year , about half of MidAmerican Energy generates comes from wind turbines . Once the company 's 12th wind project is completed , MidAmerican will have invested more than $ 12-billion in wind energy generation and secured about $ 12 billion worth of government tax credits for wind production .
Nicholas Britell has entered the Hollywood spotlight with his music for “ Moonlight , ” the spare and delicate but nevertheless integral score earning the film one of its eight Oscar nominations .
Yet for Britell , 36 , this is merely Phase 4 of a career that began as a Juilliard ( and later Harvard ) student , shifted to hip-hop musician and later morphed into hedge fund manager . The inexplicable range of that résumé can be confounding until one realizes that behind his almost blindingly sunny persona lies a mind that is a deep , expansive well .
“ It 's one of the things that he brings to film composing , ” said Natalie Portman , who hired Britell to score her 2015 directorial debut , “ A Tale of Love and Darkness. ” “ He just understands the world in such a deep way . ”
Britell grew up in Manhattan , and when he heard Vangelis ' score for “ Chariots of Fire ” at age 5 , he ran to the piano to pick it out and immediately asked his mother for lessons .
He gave his first concert at 10 and attended Juilliard 's Pre-College Division at 14 . He was on track to become a concert pianist , but the prospect of loneliness on that career path gave him pause , so he went to Harvard to study the mind .
“ He was trying to figure out , psychologically , why music makes you feel certain ways , ” said Portman , who met Britell as a freshman in the same psych program . “ Why minor chords make you feel different than major chords — I love hearing him talk about all of that stuff . ”
Composer Nicholas Britell with Natalie Portman at the recent Academy Awards luncheon for nominees in Beverly Hills . Britell scored Portman 's directorial debut , “ A Tale of Love and Darkness. ” Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty Images Composer Nicholas Britell with Natalie Portman at the recent Academy Awards luncheon for nominees in Beverly Hills . Britell scored Portman 's directorial debut , “ A Tale of Love and Darkness. ” Composer Nicholas Britell with Natalie Portman at the recent Academy Awards luncheon for nominees in Beverly Hills . Britell scored Portman 's directorial debut , “ A Tale of Love and Darkness. ” ( Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty Images )
While at Harvard , Britell joined a hip-hop band called the Witness Protection Program . It toured the Northeast and at one point opened for Jurassic 5 . Britell played synths and keyboard for “ this circus on a stage , ” and he wrote music nonstop .
“ It was a very formative experience for me , ” he said . “ I was making one , two , three beats a day . I just got into this crazy habit of writing music all the time , and just being fascinated with it , and working on audio production and trying to figure out how to make certain sounds . ”
The band split after graduation , and Britell sought career stability on Wall Street . He landed a job as a currency trader at Bear Stearns — just before the housing market crash in 2007 — and wound up managing a spinoff hedge fund .
Years later , when director Adam McKay was turning that crash into what would become the Oscar-winning dramedy “ The Big Short , ” he knew only that he liked Britell 's music .
“ It was just immediately like , ‘ This guy 's incredible , ' ” McKay said . “ And then I get a whole email with notes about the financial jargon in the movie. ” The director wondered : Who is this guy ?
“ Then I start talking to Nick , and it 's like , not only was he at a hedge fund for years , he was at one of the most successful hedge funds and was second in command ... and he 's a financial genius . ”
He does not get rattled , and he does not get upset . He 's not even glass half full — he 's a glass full person . — “ Moonlight ” director Barry Jenkins on compsoer Nicholas Britell
Britell never abandoned music . He gave regular piano concerts , including one for investors , and scored shorts and documentaries whenever he could . He left Wall Street in 2010 to pursue composing full-time , and he received his first break writing all of the onscreen music for “ 12 Years a Slave . ”
In 2013 , curious how filmmaking worked from a business perspective , he invested in a short film about a jazz drummer by a promising young director , Damien Chazelle . At the time , Chazelle was developing “ La La Land ” with composer Justin Hurwitz , and Britell worked with them on a song ( although it did n't survive in the final version of the film ) .
“ Whiplash ” was a good investment , and Britell became a producer on the feature-length film that went on to win three Oscars .
He 's quickly gained the loyalty of filmmakers such as McKay and Gary Ross ( “ Free State of Jones ” ) .
“ Nick is the most positive , upbeat person I have ever worked with in my life , ” “ Moonlight ” director Barry Jenkins said . “ He does not get rattled , and he does not get upset . He 's not even glass half full — he 's a glass full person . ”
Among Britell 's other projects are the L.A. Dance Project , whose co-founders include Benjamin Millepied , the former dance director of the Paris Opera Ballet and husband of Portman , as well as the production company Amoveo .
Nicholas Britell , center , celebrates with members of the Wordless Music Orchestra after performing the `` Moonlight '' score live during a screening of the film in the Million Dollar Theatre . Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times Nicholas Britell , center , celebrates with members of the Wordless Music Orchestra after performing the `` Moonlight '' score live during a screening of the film in the Million Dollar Theatre . Nicholas Britell , center , celebrates with members of the Wordless Music Orchestra after performing the `` Moonlight '' score live during a screening of the film in the Million Dollar Theatre . ( Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times )
“ If he does something , he will read everything about it and come in completely informed , ” Millepied said . “ How you get enough time in the day to do everything he does , that 's a mystery . But I think that comes from this amazing discipline of organization that he has . ”
His composing credits are short but diverse , from the genre-hopping quirkiness of “ The Big Short ” to the fragile violin and piano music for “ Moonlight. ” He just finished recording the score for “ Battle of the Sexes , ” about Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs , and is working on “ Oceans Eight ” with Ross .
A common ingredient is that he often works with friends — notably violinist Tim Fain , who gave Solomon Northup his musical voice in “ 12 Years a Slave ” and performed the solos on “ Moonlight. ” He also loves to spotlight his musicians , writing virtuosic passages and setting the microphone up close so you can hear breathing and the scratch of bow on string .
“ I always think that the more complex the sound is , the more interesting it is — the more beautiful , ” Britell said . “ I like hearing the humans performing music . I guess that 's just my aesthetic . ”
SIGN UP for the free Essential Arts & Culture newsletter »
Caption Grammys 2017 : the Best moments Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center . Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center . Caption Grammys 2017 : the Best moments Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center . Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center . Caption Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Caption Adele 's acceptance speech at the Grammys Adele tearfully thanked Beyonce while accepting her album of the year award for `` 25 . '' Adele tearfully thanked Beyonce while accepting her album of the year award for `` 25 . '' Caption John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award . John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award . Caption Schoolboy Q , who has been nominated a few times , says he 's ready to win . He is nominated for rap album and rap performance at the Grammy Awards . Schoolboy Q , who has been nominated a few times , says he 's ready to win . He is nominated for rap album and rap performance at the Grammy Awards .
Follow The Times ' arts team @ culturemonster .
ALSO
Alfred Molina , Jane Kaczmarek and the slow burn of a 'Long Day 's Journey Into Night '
Al Pacino and the role that pulled him to the Pasadena Playhouse stage
Demian Bichir plays it cool in 'Zoot Suit '
There is no disrupting Yuja Wang and Leonidas Kavakos
FORT MYERS , Fla . Tropical Storm Gert was upgraded to a hurricane Monday night .
The system is centered 445 miles west of Bermuda , the National Hurricane Center said . It had sustained winds of 75 mph and was moving north at 8 mph .
It 's expected to arc out to sea and will not pose a threat to Florida .
Right now you can grab the ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 RoboVac for just $ 159.98 when you use coupon code ECOVACS1 during checkout at Amazon . With over 4,500 reviews , this RoboVac has a 4.2 out of 5-star rating , which is rather impressive .
You can use the free ECOVACS app to create a schedule , monitor cleanings , receive error alerts , and much more . It has four different cleaning modes and a 3-stage cleaning system to ensure your hard floors and carpets are nice and clean once it finishes .
See at Amazon
( All works by Sunil Gupta and Charan Singh , courtesy the artists and sepiaEYE , New York , New York . )
0 Share with your friends Submit
Sunil Gupta and Charan Singh document LGBTQ life in their homeland .
By Andrew Edmonson
Sunil Gupta is having his Texas moment .
Three decades after his first visit to the Lone Star State , the acclaimed Indian photographer , curator , and activist will dominate Houston 's spring cultural scene in 2018 .
Dissent and Desire , the exhibition Gupta photographed with his partner in art and life , Charan Singh , is on display through April 29 at the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston ( CAMH ) . Featuring 48 photographs with companion first-person texts , Dissent and Desire beautifully captures hidden moments of pain , struggle , and joy in the lives of 17 members of India 's LGBTQ community as they navigate a society that can be deeply homophobic .
Beginning March 10 , Gupta will also serve as lead curator for Fotofest 's 2018 Biennial , INDIA – Contemporary Photography and New Media Art , a six-week showcase of 48 artists at venues including the Asia Society Texas Center ; the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston ; and Fotofest 's home in three converted warehouses in the Washington Avenue Arts District . Gupta collaborated with Fotofest executive director Steven Evans in curating the festival .
Fotofest bills the Biennial as “ one of the largest exhibitions of contemporary photography by artists of Indian origin to be presented in the United States . ”
Gupta tells OutSmart that this will be the largest exhibition he has ever curated , and that he has been working on it for just over a year .
“ It 's been a lifelong passion to make India more accessible and to bring it out in the world—especially in my field of photography , ” Gupta says . “ In the early years , India was [ perceived by Westerners as ] a very mysterious place . Very few people I met had any idea about it , other than it was where hippies went , it was where drugs came from , or possibly that it was in dire need of development funds . ”
The 2018 Fotofest Biennial will feature works by artists who examine the tensions currently roiling India : gender and sexuality , land rights , the environment , human settlement and migration , and caste and class divisions .
“ Indian society is very contradictory , like many others , ” Gupta says . “ Whilst it is aspirational on an international stage , there is still a hanging-on to age-old barriers to social advancement such as caste , gender , and sexuality . ”
But this may be a year in which legal barriers based on sexuality fall in India . In January , the country 's supreme court ordered a review of Section 377 , a colonial British law dating to 1861 that criminalizes sex between men , with a penalty of ten years in jail . The three judges who initially reviewed the case observed that Indians who are LGBTQ “ should never remain in a state of fear ” and that “ societal morality also changes from age to age . ”
The Supreme Court of India struck down Section 377 in 2009 , but reversed itself in 2013 in a surging wave of homophobia . On August 24 , 2017 , the court gave the LGBTQ community some relief under a right-to-privacy law , but did not overturn Section 377 .
“ The earlier wording of the law , and its reference to ‘ the right to privacy , ' is problematic in that it is a right that 's not available to a vast majority of Indians who live in joint families and do n't necessarily have a private bedroom , ” Gupta says . “ Furthermore , there is a lot of discussion and debate in India about the very definitions of LGBT people . ”
Singh and Gupta have chronicled this era of transformation , according to Saleem Kidwai , an Indian historian and gay-studies scholar .
“ A visible queer community has emerged in Delhi over the past two decades , ” Kidwai says . “ What was silent and private has emerged into the public sphere . Gupta and Singh 's work bears testimony to this . ”
Gupta is one of India 's foremost living photographers , says Bill Arning , director of CAMH . As a social-documentary photographer capturing LGBTQ lives , Gutpa has few rivals in the scope and depth of his work , which spans four decades and three continents .
Born in New Delhi in 1953 , Gupta spent the first 15 years of his life in India before his parents migrated to Canada . In 1976 , he moved to New York City .
“ I came to New York to be with a partner . To make it plausible to my parents , I enrolled in an MBA program at a local university , ” he recalls . “ But it was really boring , so I enrolled in photography classes at the New School with Lisette Model , Philippe Halsman , and George Tice .
“ It was Lisette who said , ‘ Darling , you should drop the finance and do photography . ' And I said , ‘ But who is going to pay the rent ? ' ”
While in Gotham , Gupta produced an iconic series of images , Christopher Street , New York 1976 , which captured gay men strolling , cruising , and socializing on the streets of Manhattan in the heady early days of gay liberation . In addition to displaying Gupta 's natural aptitude for street photography , the work survives as an important documentation of gay-male life before the catastrophe of AIDS . It also established a key characteristic of much of Gupta 's work for the next five decades : capturing the LGBTQ community in their public spaces .
In the early 1980s , Gupta travelled back to Delhi to produce Exiles , which captured images of deeply closeted gay men who were almost invisible in India 's larger homophobic society . “ At the time , they seemed particularly vulnerable as a group , and did n't have a recognizable place in society , ” Gupta recalls . “ As a gay man , I felt I could n't live in such a repressive atmosphere . Now there is a claim for more visibility , but there is still a shortage of cultural production . ”
In the United Kingdom in 1988 , Margaret Thatcher 's conservative government unleashed Clause 28 , an attack on Britain 's queer community that prohibited local authorities from “ promoting ” homosexuality or gay “ pretended family relationships. ” Supta struck back with a series of photos of same-sex couples called “ Pretended ” Family Relationships , featuring text by his then-partner , poet Stephen Dodd , juxtaposed with images taken at public protests against Clause 28 in London .
In 1995 , Gupta was devastated to discover that he was HIV-positive . He spent many years coming to grips with the diagnosis . True to form , he turned to his art to help process his grief and fear , which ultimately led him to create a work called Love , Undetectable . “ It was a turning point to think of using my own body as subject matter—to actually come to terms with its physical condition , to love it again , ” he recalls .
“ Over the years , my HIV status has become normalized , ” he adds . “ I 'm very fortunate to live in the UK . I have access to free healthcare and free medication , and my hospital is a research center . For some time now , my test results have stabilized , and it has been a while since the virus manifested itself in any kind of debilitating way . I have been lucky to have had a chance to restart my career , as it is true there was a time in the late 1990s when I did feel defeated by HIV . ”
Another turning point came in 2009 when Gupta met Singh at an AIDS conference . Neither expected the encounter to blossom into a relationship .
“ I never thought our meeting would have a future , ” Singh remembers , “ considering our backgrounds ( both social and economic ) , nationalities , the illegalities of our desires and love , and the world we were occupying . ”
Born in India in 1978 , Singh is also an activist whose experiences have deeply impacted the artistic themes of his work . From 1998 to 2012 , he facilitated groups for men who have sex with men , and he also served as an educator and program manager for India 's national AIDS prevention project .
“ Being part of the local community gives my [ work a relevance ] that is far beyond that of art and academic discourse , ” Singh says . “ It provides me an understanding of the language that is being shared in these spaces— [ a language that can ] tell a nuanced version of a story that [ usually dwells on ] a largely victimized community . ”
In 2012 , Singh moved to London to pursue master 's and doctoral degrees in photography at the Royal College of Art .
Houston had its first glimpse of Singh 's work in 2015 when Fotofest presented his series Kothis , Hijras , Giriyas and Others as part of the larger exhibition I Am a Camera .
“ Kothis ( effeminate , underprivileged , homosexual men ) , Hijras ( transgender people ) , and Giriyas ( partners of kothis and hijras ) are indigenous terms used by queer working-class and transgender men , in their own dialect , to define their different and particular sexual identities , ” Singh wrote of the exhibit on Fotofest 's website . “ I made these pictures because this subculture is rarely seen outside of its HIV/AIDS victim narratives . ”
In Dissent and Desire , Singh dives deeper into the lives of Hijras by capturing them outside the portrait studios , in their homes , and going about their business in the streets of Delhi . In texts accompanying the photos , they share stories of alienation from family , physical abuse , harassment by police , and employment discrimination .
Singh 's works resonate deeply with Arning , who has been CAMH 's director since 2009 .
“ By being so intimate with the Hijra community , ” Arning says , “ Singh makes many of us who post ‘ I support trans rights ' on Facebook admit the shallowness of our knowledge , and learn that this category is older and more complicated and more spiritual than we generally see in queer media . ”
On March 3 , Gupta and Singh will join Arning and CAMH 's assistant curator , Patricia Restrepo , for a conversation about Dissent and Desire , which is free and open to the public .
For more information on the exhibits , visit camh.org/event/dissent-and-desire or fotofest.org .
Comments
All-encompassing campaign to spotlight the sunny side of the Caribbean operating unhindered by Hurricanes Irma and Maria , showing potential visitors that sun , sand and smiles are ready to welcome them . Pembroke Pines , FL ( October 5 , 2017 ) – The Florida-Caribbean Cruise Association ( FCCA ) , the trade association representing the mutual interests of the cruise industry and destinations and stakeholders in the Caribbean and Latin America , is proud to announce that it has committed to a multifaceted million-dollar campaign to display that the majority of Caribbean destinations are operating normally , unhindered by Hurricanes Irma and Maria , and are ready to welcome visitors . “ The FCCA and our Member Lines have been working tirelessly toward hurricane relief efforts , and this initiative is also a vital tool to assisting the Caribbean by stimulating the economy , ” said Michele Paige , President , FCCA . “ Many Caribbean destinations fortunately missed any impact from the hurricanes , and most affected destinations worked around the clock to reopen for tourism . We look forward to showcasing those actions and the friendly smiles awaiting visitors. ” The campaign , “ The Caribbean is open for business and ready to welcome YOU with our warm and friendly smiles , ” will target multiple media sources with destination footage , traveler testimonials , and a map showing that the majority of destinations are open and ready to welcome guests . It is also planned to feature a special event and celebrity support , along with input and backing from destination leaders and travel industry titans . Plus , the FCCA will work directly with select destination partners to further tailor the message , as well as collaborating with destinations to create and distribute press materials that complement the campaign . October 23-27 , the event will gather around 1,000 private and public stakeholders and 100 cruise executives for a series of meetings , workshops and networking and promotional opportunities . These efforts will also be featured at and enhanced by the upcoming FCCA Cruise Conference & Trade Show , the largest cruise conference and trade show in the Caribbean and Latin America . Taking place in Mérida , Mexico from , the event will gather around 1,000 private and public stakeholders and 100 cruise executives for a series of meetings , workshops and networking and promotional opportunities . About the Florida-Caribbean Cruise Association Created in 1972 , the FCCA is a not-for-profit trade organization that provides a forum for discussion on tourism development , ports , safety , security , and other cruise industry issues and builds bilateral relationships with destinations ' private and public sectors . By fostering an understanding of the cruise industry and its operating practices , the FCCA works with governments , ports and private sector representatives to maximize cruise passenger , crew and cruise line spending , as well as enhance the destination experience and increase the amount of cruise passengers returning as stay-over visitors . For more information , visit F-CCA.com , the FCCA on Facebook , and @ FCCAupdates on Twitter .
For Valentine 's Day , Crystal Cove Alliance staff members played Cupid , carving names in the sand and sending photos of the sentimental artwork to donors ' valentines .
Starting Feb. 8 , staff members used their hands and sticks to draw 100 names in the sand at Crystal Cove beach in Newport Beach .
Kate Wheeler , the alliance 's director of partnership development , thought of the idea as she edited a piece for the organization 's newsletter about the cove 's romantic charm .
`` It just seemed like it might mean a lot to people and be a lovely way for CCA to say thank you to its donors , members and volunteers and everyone who loves the cove , '' Wheeler wrote in an email .
Donors contributed $ 10 to have their loved one 's name written in the sand and a photo sent to the person on their behalf .
The nonprofit Crystal Cove Alliance is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the Crystal Cove State Park Historic District and beach , according to the alliance 's website .
bryce.alderton @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ AldertonBryce
Ankara : Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have warned that Donald Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel risks escalating tension in an already tense region .
Trump 's decision and his plan to move the US embassy to Jerusalem sparked violence in Jerusalem , with a fifth day of protests in the Middle East .
`` Both Russia and Turkey believe that the decision ... does not help to regulate the situation in the Middle East but instead destabilises the already complicated atmosphere , '' Putin said during a press conference in Ankara on Monday .
`` It can derail the Israel-Palestine peace process , '' he warned after his meeting with Erdoğan following lightning visits to Syria and Egypt earlier in the day .
Erdoğan said that he and Putin had taken a similar approach on the issue as he accused Israel of continuing to `` add fuel to the flames '' . `` Israel is using this as an opportunity to further increase the pressure and violence against Palestinians , '' he added .
Putin earlier in Cairo stressed the importance of `` the immediate resumption of Palestinian-Israeli talks over all disputed issues , including the status of Jerusalem '' .
The Turkish head of state bitterly opposes Trump 's decision and has sought to mobilise the Muslim world against it , calling a summit of Islamic countries on 13 December in Istanbul . Erdoğan , who regards himself as a champion of the Palestinian cause , said the `` struggle '' of Muslims would not end until there is an independent Palestinian state .
`` They will never be able to clean the blood , '' he said in a speech in Ankara . `` With this recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , it ( the United States ) has become a partner to this bloodshed . We do not recognise this decision , we will not , '' he added .
Turkey had high hopes for bilateral relations under the Trump presidency , but ties have frayed with rows over the Syria conflict , a New York legal case and now Jerusalem .
Erdoğan said that the current `` vandalism and cruelty '' in Jerusalem would not last . `` Those who think they own Jerusalem today will not find trees to hide behind , '' he said .
Trump 's move has ignited protests across the Islamic world and deadly violence in the Palestinian territories .
Menuisier looking forward to Newbury return for Cacophonous on Thursday – Tuite yard wins Racing Staff Week competition to name a race Posted by racenews on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 · Leave a Comment
Newbury Racecourse stages the second fixture of its Summer Evening Series this Thursday , July 5 , with a seven-race card running form 5.40pm through to 8.55pm .
The evening sees the return of the popular Throwback Thursday Disco on the Crafty Filly Terrace after racing .
In support of Racing Welfare 's Racing Staff Week ( sponsored by Betfair ) , which began on Saturday , June 30 , Newbury Racecourse is offering free entry for all racing staff on Thursday , with a valid stable pass . The offer is redeemable on the entrance to Newbury Racecourse , with one complimentary admission ticket per valid stable pass .
Newbury ran a competition for one lucky yard to name the fifth race on the card ( 7.50pm ) along with badges for the evening , the chance to select the Best Turned Out in the race and viewing from the Royal Box . To enter , racing yards were invited to send in a team image along with a suggested race title using the Twitter handle @ NewburyRacing and # racingstaffweek
Joe Tuite 's yard was selected the winner by Newbury 's Stable Manager , Pippa Eygelsheim . The Lambourn handler 's entry was the “ Team Tuite 's On Fire Fillies ' Handicap ” , in recognition of the yard 's four winners in the past week ( please see picture below ) .
Racing Staff Week celebrates the dedication and specialist skills of those who work in the racing industry – the stable staff , stud staff , racecourse staff , gallop people , stalls handlers , valets and all the others who play a vital role in the production of British horseracing . It also aims to raise the profile of Racing Welfare , the only charity that supports all of racing 's workforce .
A field of five runners go to post for the feature race of the evening on Thursday , the £12,5000 Thatcham Butchers Handicap ( 7.15pm ) . The mile and a half contest has been a stepping stone for further success in recent years , with Scarlet Dragon going on to capture valuable handicaps at Newbury , York and Newmarket following his success in the 2016 renewal . The 2017 victor Duke Of Bronte went on to land the prestigious Appletiser Handicap at Ascot later in the same season .
This year 's field is headed by the unbeaten Celestial Force ( Tom Dascombe/P J McDonald 9st 7lb ) . The three-year-old son of Sea The Stars plundered a novice event over 10 furlongs on Tapeta at Newcastle in May , before scoring by a half-length on turf in a novice contest at Thirsk over 12 furlongs later the same month .
Newmarket trainer James Fanshawe saddles the progressive Sleeping Lion ( 9st 2lb ) who left behind his two debut efforts at Kempton and Newmarket when scoring convincingly in novice company ( 1m 3f ) on Polytrack at Kempton on June 13 . Tom Queally , who rode the Teofilo colt to victory last time out , has the mount again .
King Lud ( Andrew Balding/Oisin Murphy , 9st 1lb ) , is yet to win in four starts , which included a four and a half-length defeat when the 8/13 favourite for a novice event at Chepstow over 10 furlongs in May . However , the three-year-old son of Cape Cross produced a good performance to finish second to Polish at Salisbury on his first try over 12 furlongs on June 12 .
Pulborough handler David Menuisier has enjoyed a burgeoning start to his training career with stable star Thundering Blue plundering a number of big-field handicaps.Cacophonous ( Fran Berry , 8st 13lb ) runs in the same colours of owner Clive Washbourn and finished fourth behind King Lud at Salisbury on June 12 .
The three-year-old son of Cacique had previously been a fine third to the progressive Al Muffrih in a Newbury maiden – Martin Gray Celebration British EBF Maiden – over 10 furlongs on May 18 after coming home fourth on debut at Nottingham on May 1 over an extended mile .
Menuisier said today : “ Cacophonous is in really good form and we 're looking forward to running on Thursday .
“ He ran well at Salisbury last time where things did n't really go his way . That run proved that he stays a mile and a half and he was quite unlucky . He got trapped on the rail and had nowhere to go .
“ This is his first run in a handicap , but I would be hopeful of a good performance . I think he can win a race like this and we 'll see if that is on Thursday .
“ He is a horse I like and , whilst the ground will be fast , he has been running on generally similar ground and it will suit .
“ As long as the ground is not rattling fast , he should run well . He was third at Newbury in a maiden in May and , this race being at Newbury , was one of the reasons I decided to run .
“ Cacophonous is a strong galloper and Newbury is one of the best galloping tracks in the country , so it will suit . ”
Completing the field is Soto Sizzler ( William Knight/Luke Morris , 8st 12lb ) , who has yet to score in three career starts , but produced his best effort to date when a length second at 20/1 in maiden company ( 1m 3f ) at Goodwood on June 8 .
The gates open at 4.00pm and before the seven-race thoroughbred gets underway , there is a race for purebred Arabians at 5.05pm – the Dubai International Arabian Races At Newbury 29th July International Stakes over seven furlongs .
The going at Newbury is currently Good to Firm . Watering is taking place to maintain conditions .
Courtesy : Brigitte Astor
New York is Central Park , Fifth Avenue and Broadway . But the megacity on the Atlantic is also a city of water and a real hotspot for open water swimmers . The 46-kilometre 20 Bridges Swim , formerly known as the Manhattan Island Marathon Swim , is renowned as one of the toughest open water competitions in the world . And elite athlete Nathalie Pohl has mastered the challenge . She completed the demanding race in the exceptional time of 8:12:37 hours as the third fastest European woman in the history of the swim and became the first German woman to complete the Triple Crown of Open Water Swimming . There are only very few extreme swimmers able to boast this accolade , which is awarded to those who have swum the English Channel , the Catalina Channel and completed the circuit of Manhattan . The 23-year-old swimmer said of the competition : “ I am absolutely delighted ! Just the backdrop alone is incredible , but to have won the triple as well – it 's amazing ! The tough training has really paid off and I have been rewarded with one of the most spectacular sceneries that open water swimming has to offer .
About 15 participants , 15 support boats and kayaks started out on the demanding course around the famous Statue of Liberty last weekend . Open water swimming has a long tradition in New York . There have been competitions held on the city 's waterways since the 19th century because the tough conditions seem to magically attract athletes . The Hudson River separates the heart of the city from New Jersey and links the Atlantic to the Great Lakes . The East River flows between Manhattan and the Bronx in the north and Brooklyn and Queens in the south . The different branches of the rivers in particular result in abrupt changes in current , making the route the sole preserve of professionals , requiring immense strength and concentration . Furthermore , the network of canals is in constant use , making the water quality rather poor since the New York/New Jersey port area is one of the biggest in the whole of the US . This was also a major change for the athlete from Marburg , who is used to competing in the open sea . “ With boats and ships all over the place , New York was n't just physically demanding but also predominantly a mental challenge for me . Even a tiny distraction could be enough for me to completely lose my concentration , ” Nathalie explains . In order to overcome this , it is necessary to prepare well , spending many hours in the water each day and containing specific training units with her coach Joshua Neuloh . Yet again , top class swimmer Adam Walker has given strong mental support to her from the support boat .
This training will also serve Nathalie well in August in one of her toughest battles with the sea so far – the fourth stage of the “ Ocean 's Seven ” , which involves the seven biggest challenges in the open sea . This stage will see Nathalie cross the 20-kilometre Tsugaru Strait between the islands of Honshu and Hokkaido in Japan . The elite sportswoman is optimistic : “ The competition here in the US has made it clear that I really can achieve my goal if I just work hard enough at it . I am so looking forward to the great challenge in Japan ! ”
Police are investigating the theft of £11,000 worth of vaccines and medication from Lurgan Vet Clinic .
The theft happened on Friday last and was one of a number on the Banbridge Road .
CCTV shows a light coloured transit pull up about 4.40am from the Waringstown direction .
Less than four minutes later the thieves left towards Lurgan with over £11,000 worth of medication and vaccines .
Police said two people were seen in hoods and gloves .
On the same day a farmyard near the Hall Road junction was targeted .
A generator , angle grinder and a rotavator were stolen . The generator took at least two people to carry .
The road works at the Hall Road were also hit .
A rock breaker digger attachment , a vibrating plate , and a digger grab were all taken .
The rock breaker is said to weigh about 400kg so police suspect it would have taken a ‘ gang effort ' to lift it .
Police are appealing for information .
They are asking for anyone who may have been driving along the Banbridge Road in the early hours of Friday morning who may have noticed anything suspicious to come forward . A spokesman said : “ If you have a dash camera , take a few minutes and review your footage . Did you see any vehicles at the road works or at a farm nearby in the wee small hours ? If so , give police a call . ”
They also asked anyone offered any of the stolen items , or see similar on offer , to call police .
In an appeal to farmers they said : “ Someone will be offered large animal vaccines for ridiculously low prices . BEWARE . These should be refrigerated . Their life span out of the fridge is only a couple of hours . Far from help your live stock at a cut price , they could do them damage . There 's people out there with contempt for the vets livelihood . By offering you dud vaccines , they 're showing the same contempt for you . ”
The Chicago Blackhawks trounced the two-time defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins Thursday night at the United Center . The Blackhawks , following a longer-than-anticipated offseason , looked energized and intent to start the process of atoning for an abysmal first-round exit from the 2017 playoffs .
The Penguins , on the other hand , looked like a team playing the second game of a back-to-back . In fact , coming off their banner raising ceremony and a 5-4 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues last night at PPG Paints Arena , the Penguins were the first team in eight years to start the NHL season with games on back-to-back nights ( according to Pat Foley of NBC Sports Chicago 's broadcast ) .
That Old-Time Feeling
Any judgments made about this 2017-18 Blackhawks team after their impressive season-opening win are likely to be an overreaction . But , it 's hard not to get a little bit of that old-time feeling about what transpired . The Blackhawks played fast , possessed the puck , were strong on the forecheck and limited dangerous chances in their own zone .
Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook were reunited as the top defensive pairing . They finished a combined plus-6 and tallied two of the team 's three top time-on-ice ( TOI ) numbers at 23:11 and 20:25 respectively . Jan Rutta , who looked like he belonged in the NHL during his regular season debut , was on the ice for 20 minutes and 45 seconds .
And how genuine would that old-time feeling be without the presence of Patrick Sharp and Brandon Saad ? Saad looks poised for the dominant season that many have projected . He finished with a hat trick on five shots and looks very comfortable alongside Jonathan Toews and Richard Panik . Saad was expected to make Chicago 's top line better than they were at any point last season . That 's already coming to fruition .
Patrick Sharp had a nice Chicago homecoming in his own right , tallying a goal on four shots and recording three takeaways . More importantly , Sharp appeared healthy and looked to have decent chemistry with his linemates Artem Anisimov and Alex DeBrincat .
Artemi Who ?
Other than Patrick Kane 's ridiculous skill set , which was more than evident on a backhand pass to Ryan Hartman for a first-period goal and a top-shelf goal against Matt Murray that seemed to find room where there was n't any , Nick Schmaltz was by far the most noticeable player on the ice .
Schmaltz , who has garnered praise from head coach Joel Quenneville throughout the preseason , is quickly starting to realize the talent that many thought was present in the high-end prospect .
“ His puck skills and pure creativity allow him to make a lot of defenders miss and allow him to create scoring chances at times when it does n't look like there is an opportunity . Schmaltz has pretty good possession skills as well . ‘ He can own the puck during a game , ' said one NHL scout . Schmaltz is n't the biggest guy in the class , so he needs to bulk up and play less bashfully in battles. ” – ESPN 's Corey Pronman following the 2014 draft
Sounds a lot like the guy donning the number 88 sweater for the Blackhawks . As linemates , the creativity and talent level of these two were on display . If they continue to build chemistry and play complimentary to one another , this line will present constant problems for opponents throughout the season , and will make fans forget all about Artemi Panarin .
Record-Setting Night
It should n't come as a surprise that a 10-1 victory on opening night comes with a few records and rarities . This kind of dominance does n't come along frequently in the NHL , let alone in season openers .
The Blackhawks tied their franchise record for most goals scored in the first period of a season-opening contest ( five ) . In addition , Chicago has never scored ten goals in the first game of a season . In fact , the last time Chicago scored ten goals was on October 12th , 1988 against the Winnipeg Jets . This game was n't all that far from representing the Blackhawks ' most dominant win in their 91-year history , which was a 12-0 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on January 30th , 1969 .
At least a couple of individual accolades were also achieved . Saad 's hat trick was only the second of his career , with the first coming during his time with the Columbus Blue Jackets on Apr . 2 , 2016 in a 5-1 over the Carolina Hurricanes .
Patrick Sharp recorded his 600th career point . Ryan Hartman , who recorded five points ( goal , four assists ) , bested his previous career-high of three points that came via a hat trick on Jan. 8 , 2017 against the Nashville Predators .
Tough Sledding
The night was n't all glamorous for the Blackhawks . Tanner Kero , the team 's fourth-line center , left the game late in the second period after what appeared to be a knee-on-knee collision . He did not return for the third period .
Schmaltz also left the game in the third period after appearing to be in a significant amount of discomfort on the Blackhawks bench . After the game , Quenneville did expect that both players would be alright and likely ready to go against Columbus on Saturday night .
Coach Q says Schmaltz and Kero are both `` fine '' and should be good to go for Saturday . # Blackhawks — Chicago Blackhawks ( @ NHLBlackhawks ) October 6 , 2017
The next couple of weeks do n't get any easier for the Blackhawks . Including the victory over the Penguins , Chicago 's first eight games of the 2017-18 season are against teams that made the playoffs in 2016-17 . The Blackhawks will host the Blue Jackets on Saturday night at the United Center and then play back-to-back contests in Toronto and Montreal .
HBCU Economic Impact
Columbia , SC ( WOLO ) —Historically Black Colleges and Universities mean big bucks for the local economy .
Monday afternoon Representatives from the White House 's Initiative on HBCU 's and the United Negro College Fund released a study on the schools ' economic impact .
According to the study , in South Carolina , HBCU 's generate 463 million dollars , and close to five thousand jobs .
annually .
The sun sets as seen from the Anzac Cove beach in Gallipoli peninsula , Turkey , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , the night before Anzac Day commemoration events . Anzac Cove is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula and the site of World War I landing of the ANZACs
Australian and New Zealand Army Corps ) on April , 25 , 1915 . The doomed Allied offensive to secure a naval route from the Mediterranean to Istanbul through the Dardanelles , and take the Ottomans out of the war , resulted in over 130,000 deaths on both sides .
SPRINGMOUNT -
There must be a policing gene that 's dominant in Hazel Hahn 's family .
There are four generations in the profession in the Georgian Bluffs woman 's family , which all started with Hahn 's father , Arthur Lemcke , and the family he and her mother , Florence , raised on the Bruce Peninsula .
Arthur Lemcke was the lone Bruce County police constable for Lion 's Head when he started in 1942 , while he also worked a farm there . The policing job helped pay the bills and it suited him well .
In 1949 he moved the family to Wiarton to become constable there . He was appointed chief of police there in 1952 and remained so until 1962 when he retired . For eight of those years , he also was the driver examiner who passed more than 2,000 drivers , Hazel Hahn said in a recent interview .
Arthur Lemcke died at 81 at Gateway Haven in Wiarton in 1984 . Florence died there at age 93 in 1992 .
Arthur Lemcke and an OPP office in Wiarton , and another police officer in Hepworth , policed the whole of the Bruce Peninsula for years , Hahn said . His three sons all become police officers .
The recent death one of the three , Carman Lemcke , a retired Shelburne Police Service chief , prompted Hahn to want to acknowledge her brother 's passing locally , because lots of people there knew him on the peninsula , she said .
He was the longest serving police chief in Ontario , if not Canada , his death notice said .
Carman Lemcke 's 37-year policing career started with the Shelburne Police Service in 1956 . The next year they made him chief . He retired in 1994 and lived the rest of his life in Shelburne . Former Owen Sound Police Chief Tom Kaye served under him in Shelburne , according to information Hahn has .
Albert Lemcke , Arthur Lemcke 's eldest son , took over his father 's policing job in Lion 's Head when his father left it to become a Bruce County constable in Wiarton .
Next Albert joined the Hanover police , Thornbury police and Mount Forest police service , where he became chief . He returned to Wiarton in 1958 , assisting his father , and retired in 1963 , a 2007 article in Blue Line Magazine said .
Roy Lemcke , Arthur Lemcke 's third son , was a constable with Port Elgin police between 1965 and 1976 . He went on to open Lord Elgin 's Restaurant there .
Carman Lemcke 's sons , Bruce and Bill , entered policing too , making them the third generation of Lemckes to do so .
Bruce Lemcke , who started his policing career in 1981 , held many positions with Peel Regional Police , including in drugs and vice , drug enforcement at Pearson Airport , organized crime , and fraud , before retiring in 2016 after 35 years .
Now he works as a part-time beat officer for Orangeville Police Service .
Bill became a special constable in the courts with Orangeville police in 1997 and continues as such today .
The fourth generation of Lemckes hold jobs as a social worker , paramedic , in bylaw enforcement , police dispatch and policing .
Bill Lemcke 's daughter , Lindsay O'Reilly , is a social worker in North Bay , son Shawn Lemcke is a paramedic in Dufferin County , and daughter Sherri Lynn Heenan is a dispatcher with Barrie Police Service .
Bruce Lemcke 's step-daughter Vanessa Albanese , is a bylaw officer in Shelburne . Bruce 's elder son , Bryan , spent four years as an auxiliary police officer in Shelburne starting in 2003 . Bruce 's younger son , Greg , started as an auxiliary officer , then in 2007 became a constable in Shelburne and in 2013 joined Orangeville OPP .
Kenneth Hahn , Jim and Hazel Hahn 's son , died in a motor vehicle accident in 1983 , days before his application to join the Royal Canadian Mounted Police was approved .
Did you miss the show ? Catch up on the entire morning here ! Or listen to previous podcasts on Play.It or on iTunes .
6:00 a.m .
-Mercedes has a list of movies whose plots could n't stand in 2017
-Mercedes is torn about being asked to unfriend someone on social media
7:00 a.m .
-JC started watching a TV show that Mercedes has questions about before she commits to it
8:00 a.m .
-Brooklyn Theater : The Nutjob 2
-JC & Mercedes have questions about regional nicknames
Remember to listen to “ Mercedes In The Morning ” Monday through Friday from 5am to 10am
And check us out on social media :
Twitter : @ MercedesInTheAM
Instagram : @ MercedesInTheAM
Facebook : Facebook.com/mercedesandjc
Youtube
The Calgary Flames ask fans to wear the team 's bright red jerseys to games at the Scotiabank Saddledome to create what has come to be known as the “ C of Red , ” and it 's an impressive sight because almost everyone complies . The Ducks were drowning in that C of red — of red jerseys and red goal lights behind John Gibson on Monday night — before they scored four straight goals to pull off a stunning comeback and wrest a 5-4 victory from the Flames in overtime .
“ You never say never , ” said Ducks right wing Corey Perry , who was set up by Nate Thompson and Rickard Rakell for a shot that deflected off Calgary defenseman Michael Stone and into the net 90 seconds into overtime . “ You just keep pushing shift after shift , get pucks to the net . We found a way tonight and that 's all that matters . ”
The biggest playoff comeback in franchise history produced a victory that gave them a forbidding 3-0 lead in this series . Game 4 will be played Wednesday in Calgary .
They trailed , 4-1 , in the second period and deserved to be there . But a goal by Shea Theodore with 49 seconds left in the second period , which seemed a footnote at the time , became a turning point .
“ We were so disjointed early in the hockey game that we needed something positive to build on , ” Coach Randy Carlyle said . “ Five minutes to go in the second we said we need something to turn the tide . We found a way to claw ourselves back in the hockey game . . . . We could n't seem to make two passes together for the better part of two periods . Then we got a goal that gave us life and made us believe . ”
Believing led to doing , “ once we got through the hurdles of our inefficiency for half the game , ” Carlyle said . Jonathan Bernier made 16 saves in relief of Gibson to get the victory , calming that C of Red and putting the Flames on the brink of elimination .
Down by three goals , the Ducks chipped away on Theodore 's goal and a third-period deflection by Nate Thompson that was challenged by the Flames , who claimed that he had batted Hampus Lindholm 's shot into the net with a high stick .
The call on the ice was that it was a good goal , and a review by officials in the NHL 's situation room verified that . In a statement , they cited rule 38.4 ( vi ) , which states , “ The determining factor is where the puck makes contact with the stick in relation to the crossbar . If the puck makes contact with the portion of the stick that is at or below the level of the crossbar and enters the goal , this goal shall be allowed . ”
Theodore tied it at 4-4 with 4 minutes 21 seconds left in the third period on a long shot that got through traffic in front of Flames goalie Brian Elliott , possibly after glancing off Calgary forward Sam Bennett .
“ We controlled a lot of the play early , ” Flames Coach Glen Gulutzan said . “ We had them in a good spot , up two . . . . We needed a better push . ”
With the Ducks ' Nick Ritchie serving an interference penalty , Troy Brouwer fed Sean Monahan on the right side of the slot for Calgary 's first goal , at 2:10 of the first period . That was Monahan 's third goal of the series , all scored during power plays .
The Ducks killed off a penalty against Korbinian Holzer but were burned again by Calgary 's power play after Lindholm was sent off for goaltender interference at 8:16 . Kris Versteeg , who played on Chicago 's 2010 and 2015 Stanley Cup championship teams , scored from close range after the rebound of a shot by Monahan bounced in front of Gibson .
The Ducks trimmed Calgary 's lead to 2-1 at 15:33 on a goal by Ritchie , a big , physical forward who is effective around the net . But the Flames rebuilt a two-goal lead at 4:34 of the second period on a shot by Michael Stone from the right point , only their second even-strength goal of the series . Carlyle yanked Gibson and replaced him with Bernier after Bennett gave Calgary that 4-1 lead during a power play by deflecting a long shot by Mark Giordano .
The Flames capitalized on three of five power plays , improving to five for 13 with a man advantage in the series .
Cam Fowler 's absence from the Ducks ' lineup is taking a toll on the team 's penalty killing . Fowler , injured on April 4 when he absorbed a knee-on-knee hit from Giordano , skated Monday for the first time since he was hurt and reported no problems . However , he 's not ready to return .
Still , the Ducks have a 3-0 series lead without him and , the past two games , without Sami Vatanen ( upper-body injury ) . That 's as impressive as any C of Red ever was .
Caption Breaking down the Clippers ' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 97-95 , in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series . Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 97-95 , in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series . Caption Breaking down the Clippers ' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 97-95 , in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series . Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 97-95 , in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series . Caption Do you have what it takes to be a Laker Girl ? Every year , the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team . So our Curiosity Correspondent , Benjamin Crutcher , decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad . Every year , the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team . So our Curiosity Correspondent , Benjamin Crutcher , decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad . Caption Opening day for Los Angeles Dodgers The sights and sounds of the Dodgers ' opening day . The sights and sounds of the Dodgers ' opening day . Caption Fans at the Dodgers 2017 season opener Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium . Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium . Caption Curiosity Correspondent : Learn to throw a pitch in 60 seconds It 's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent , Benjamin Crutcher , went to Los Angeles Dodgers ' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who is n't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible . Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium > > It 's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent , Benjamin Crutcher , went to Los Angeles Dodgers ' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who is n't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible . Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium > >
helene.elliott @ latimes.com
Follow Helene Elliott on Twitter @ helenenothelen
Farm Credit Canada ( FCC ) has announced that it will be contributing $ 107,000 to 216 4-H clubs across Canada . Twenty-six Manitoba clubs will receive a total of $ 12,900 .
The FCC 4-H Club Fund is part of FCC ` S $ 1 million contribution committed over four years to 4-H Canada .
“ The FCC 4-H Club Fund is part of our long-term investment in the future of agriculture , ” said Todd Klink , executive vice-president and chief marketing officer at FCC . “ Projects offered through 4-H Canada are aimed at developing the leadership , confidence and values young people will need to be successful in this vibrant and growing industry , as well as life outside of agriculture . Of course , it 's no secret we want the next generation to consider a career in agriculture and the agri-food sector , so we are proud to support 4-H programs that strengthen the bond between this industry and young people across Canada . ”
The FCC 4-H Club Fund awards up to $ 500 for projects such as achievement days , horse clinics , field trips , public speaking workshops and purchases of equipment , just to name a few .
“ We are grateful to our partner FCC for their incredible support of 4-H in Canada , ” said 4-H Canada CEO , Shannon Benner . “ Having a partner that actively engages and shares in our values is extremely valuable to our organization . This generous partnership with FCC will ensure that 4-H at all levels has the tools it needs to continue helping to develop responsible , caring and contributing young leaders in communities across Canada . ”
The next application period opens in fall 2018 .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
WARNING : This post contains graphic content that may disturb some people , discretion is advised .
A Calgary woman has questions for the city after bringing a load of garbage to a city landfill on the weekend , only to find three dead horses in plain sight at the site .
Marianna Lamouraux said Monday she was taking garbage to the main dump at the East Calgary Landfill on 17 Avenue S.E . between about 10 a.m. and noon on Saturday when she made the unsettling discovery .
“ As I was backing up my truck into my allotted area , I noticed a leg in my rear-view mirror and when I got fully backed up to where I was going , I stopped and there were three dead horses there , ” she said .
“ I was shocked . I was glad the great-grandchildren were n't with me because they 've been raised with livestock and they know to respect them .
“ In all my years of hauling garbage , I have never ever , ever , ever seen anything like this before . ”
READ MORE : Dead dog found amongst trash in Okanagan back country
Lamouraux said she understood there were policies against disposing of livestock at dumps or landfills , but was informed by on-site staff that policy had changed .
According to the City of Calgary , livestock and other large animals can be disposed of at landfills if a pit is dug , in which the animal is then placed and immediately buried .
In this instance , the city admits the heavy equipment was being used somewhere else on the site , so the proper process was n't followed .
Slide
Slide
“ We 've taken horses and other carcasses for years , ” City of Calgary spokesperson Rick Anweiler said Monday .
“ We are obviously very cautious of ensuring that none of our customers can see it , and unfortunately in this instance they were thrown on the ground and put there before we could put any equipment in place .
“ I would like to sincerely apologize for this , and it 's unfortunate that we had any customers see that . ”
Lamouraux said she understands peoples ' issues with other methods of disposing of livestock — such as cremation or processing — and that some people choose to bury animals at landfills .
READ MORE : Carcasses of calves found in ditch in B.C .
She said would like to see an established area at landfills for livestock disposal that 's cordoned off with no public or industrial access — something the city said it 's looking into .
“ For me , this particular incident was totally wrong . It was inhumane . We owe animals that have served us well much more than this , ” she said .
What used to be thought of as an “ old man 's drink ” has become one of the hottest spirits for Millennials : bourbon . No longer a two option libation , neat or on the rocks , bourbon has been integrated into trendy cocktail concoctions , giving it more appeal and diversity than ever before . And if there 's any city that knows how to make something old new again , it would be Los Angeles . September is National Bourbon Heritage Month , so if you 're looking for a nice selection to sip on or a cocktail with a bourbon twist , stop in any of these five bars .
Franklin & Co Tavern
5923 Franklin Ave .
Los Angeles , CA 90028
( 323 ) 463-1552
www.franklinandcotavern.com
If you 're looking for a nice selection of bourbon that are reasonably priced , then you ‘ ll definitely want to stop in Franklin & Co Tavern . Whatever your bourbon poison – Old Pogue , Four Rose Single Barrel , Bulleit Kentucky straight , Noah ‘ s Mill small batch or Basil Hayden to name a few – you can get a nice glass here . Chase your bourbon with a reserve beer from Dogfish Head and you 're set . They offer great finger food too , like duck fat fries and blue cheese tater tots , as well as delicious entrees like cajun pasta and fried chicken . Make sure to stop by for their happy hour from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. 5923 Franklin Ave.Los Angeles , CA 90028 ( 323 ) 463-1552If you 're looking for a nice selection of bourbon that are reasonably priced , then you ‘ ll definitely want to stop in Franklin & Co Tavern . Whatever your bourbon poison – Old Pogue , Four Rose Single Barrel , Bulleit Kentucky straight , Noah ‘ s Mill small batch or Basil Hayden to name a few – you can get a nice glass here . Chase your bourbon with a reserve beer from Dogfish Head and you 're set . They offer great finger food too , like duck fat fries and blue cheese tater tots , as well as delicious entrees like cajun pasta and fried chicken . Make sure to stop by for their happy hour from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Related : Best Places For Vodka In Los Angeles
The Thirsty Crow
2939 W. Sunset Blvd .
Los Angeles , CA 90026
( 323 ) 661-6007
www.thirstycrowbar.com
With a happy hour Monday to Friday from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. offering discounted cocktails , The Thirsty Crow is a great place to throw down a few bourbon cocktails . While many have been tested , Buffalo Trace bourbon is the perfect label for their house old fashioned . The hints of vanilla , toffee and candied fruit of buffalo Trace are brought out by the muddled cherry and orange to give this old fashioned a fruity flavor with a delightful burn .
2939 W. Sunset Blvd.Los Angeles , CA 90026 ( 323 ) 661-6007With a happy hour Monday to Friday from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. offering discounted cocktails , The Thirsty Crow is a great place to throw down a few bourbon cocktails . While many have been tested , Buffalo Trace bourbon is the perfect label for their house old fashioned . The hints of vanilla , toffee and candied fruit of buffalo Trace are brought out by the muddled cherry and orange to give this old fashioned a fruity flavor with a delightful burn .
Villains Tavern
1356 Palmetto St .
Los Angeles , CA 90013
( 213 ) 613-0766
www.villainstavern.com
If you love bourbon , you 'll love Villains Tavern in Downtown LA . An affordable selection of bourbon is at your fingertips , and with a unique cocktail list including one named Bella Donna , which can be made with your favorite whiskey or bourbon , you 'll have a wide selection of options to choose from . If you 're lucky and really nice to the bartenders they 'll even make you the off-menu cocktail “ Edgar Allan Poe ” . An eggnog-like texture and warming effect is perfect for those chilly nights on the way .
1356 Palmetto St.Los Angeles , CA 90013 ( 213 ) 613-0766If you love bourbon , you 'll love Villains Tavern in Downtown LA . An affordable selection of bourbon is at your fingertips , and with a unique cocktail list including one named Bella Donna , which can be made with your favorite whiskey or bourbon , you 'll have a wide selection of options to choose from . If you 're lucky and really nice to the bartenders they 'll even make you the off-menu cocktail “ Edgar Allan Poe ” . An eggnog-like texture and warming effect is perfect for those chilly nights on the way .
Seven Grand
515 W. 7th St .
Los Angeles , CA 90014
( 213 ) 614-0736
www.sevengrandbars.com
From small batch to Kentucky straight to single barrel and cask strength , Seven Grand is a bourbon lover 's heaven . The Seven Grand carries every kind of bourbon you can think of . With a list pages long , you 'll definitely find what you came for . There s also a bourbon/whiskey cocktail menu that is sure to delight , along with a list of bourbons and whiskeys staff have selected to make the best Old Fashioned .
515 W. 7th St.Los Angeles , CA 90014 ( 213 ) 614-0736From small batch to Kentucky straight to single barrel and cask strength , Seven Grand is a bourbon lover 's heaven . The Seven Grand carries every kind of bourbon you can think of . With a list pages long , you 'll definitely find what you came for . There s also a bourbon/whiskey cocktail menu that is sure to delight , along with a list of bourbons and whiskeys staff have selected to make the best Old Fashioned .
The Blind Donkey
53 E Union St
Pasadena , CA 91103
( 626 ) 792-1833
www.theblinddonkey.com
The Blind Donkey offers locations in Pasadena and Long Beach offering an extensive menu of unique whiskeys along with beer and food . Bourbon cocktails include their Stone Sour with Old Forrester Bourbon , fresh squeezed orange juice , fresh squeezed lemon juice and simple syrup , as well as their Nick of Thyme with Buffalo Trace bourbon , honey-thyme syrup , lemon and Bundaberg ginger beer . Other bourbon cocktails include their Southern Tartan drink with Bulleit Bourbon , Peychaud 's bitters , lemon rind , and Ardbeg 10 rinse .
53 E Union StPasadena , CA 91103 ( 626 ) 792-1833The Blind Donkey offers locations in Pasadena and Long Beach offering an extensive menu of unique whiskeys along with beer and food . Bourbon cocktails include their Stone Sour with Old Forrester Bourbon , fresh squeezed orange juice , fresh squeezed lemon juice and simple syrup , as well as their Nick of Thyme with Buffalo Trace bourbon , honey-thyme syrup , lemon and Bundaberg ginger beer . Other bourbon cocktails include their Southern Tartan drink with Bulleit Bourbon , Peychaud 's bitters , lemon rind , and Ardbeg 10 rinse .
The Morrison
3179 Los Feliz Blvd .
Los Angeles , CA 90039
( 323 ) 667-1839
www.themorrisonla.com
The Morrison Pub is one of many very cool Silverlake/Atwater Village neighborhood hangouts . Making it even better is it 's appeal to the bourbon drinker . While the drink menu leans more towards whiskey , the bourbon selection is pretty stellar . The bourbon cocktails like their Old Fashioned with Bulleit Bourbon , sugar , peychaud bitters , and an orange peel , and more . In addition , they offer a huge selection of bourbon whiskey like Barter House , Basil Hayden 's , Buffalo Trace , Gentleman Jack , Jack Daniel 's , Maker 's Mark , and Eagle Rare . 3179 Los Feliz Blvd.Los Angeles , CA 90039 ( 323 ) 667-1839The Morrison Pub is one of many very cool Silverlake/Atwater Village neighborhood hangouts . Making it even better is it 's appeal to the bourbon drinker . While the drink menu leans more towards whiskey , the bourbon selection is pretty stellar . The bourbon cocktails like their Old Fashioned with Bulleit Bourbon , sugar , peychaud bitters , and an orange peel , and more . In addition , they offer a huge selection of bourbon whiskey like Barter House , Basil Hayden 's , Buffalo Trace , Gentleman Jack , Jack Daniel 's , Maker 's Mark , and Eagle Rare . Related : Best Infused Vodka Cocktails In LA
Kristine G. Bottone is a freelance writer living in Los Angeles . Her work can be found at Examiner.com .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have shot a man after responding to reports of an armed robbery .
The incident happened on Mandeville Street in Hackney , north London , at around 10.50pm on Monday night .
The Met said police were called to reports of an `` armed robbery of a vehicle '' at an address on the street .
Firearms officers were among those to respond and during the course of the incident a man was shot by police .
He was taken by ambulance to hospital but his current condition is unknown .
No one else was injured .
The Met said it has referred the incident to the Independent office for Police Conduct ( IOPC ) and an investigation has been launched .
The Directorate of Professional Standards has also been informed .
Los Angeles City Council candidates in tight races frequently seek endorsements from former rivals to broaden their base of support .
But an endorsement agreement in the Council District 1 race in northeast Los Angeles is drawing complaints .
Candidate and bike activist Joe Bray-Ali signed an endorsement pledge last month with Jesse Rosas , a Highland Park resident who ran in the primary election , but was not among the top two vote-getters .
Bray-Ali , who faces City Councilman Gil Cedillo in the May 16 runoff , agreed to three stipulations in exchange for Rosas ' backing , including “ no [ bicycle ] lanes on Figueroa St without community consensus , ” the agreement says .
Bray-Ali also committed to keep a district office in Highland Park and to hire a planning director and staff from Rosas ' “ group . ”
Rosas and Bray-Ali worked on the agreement together , both men confirmed . It was posted to Twitter last month by an acquaintance of Rosas .
The document is dated March 16 .
Cedillo campaign spokeswoman Helen Sanchez described the pledge as a “ backroom deal . ”
“ Trading government jobs and resources for political gain betrays the taxpayer 's trust , ” Sanchez said . “ [ Bray-Ali ] says he 's running to bring change to City Hall but he 's doing exactly what he accuses other people of doing . ”
Bray-Ali and Cedillo are in a contentious race for the District 1 seat , which takes in several northeast neighborhoods and stretches down to Chinatown and Pico-Union .
Thomas Hiltachk , a Sacramento-based attorney who specializes in election law , said the agreement shows “ a lack of ethical judgment . ”
“ A public official owes his or her duty to act in the best interests of the taxpayers and citizens of Los Angeles by hiring the best person qualified for the job , not political payback , ” said Hiltachk , who is n't involved the race .
However , Los Angeles-based election law attorney Fred Woocher believes the agreement is nothing more than a list of campaign promises .
“ People make pledges like this all the time , ” said Woocher , who also has no involvement in the race . “ In order to induce people to vote for him , [ Bray-Ali ] is entitled to say what he would do . ”
Bray-Ali said in an email that he does n't feel the pledge gives an advantage to Rosas or anyone else .
“ But it does set standards for what I think is the right way forward in the district : community consensus on bike lanes , a field office to remain in Highland Park , and hiring people who know the district and the city very well , ” Bray-Ali said .
Bray-Ali , the owner of a now-closed bike shop , has been a vocal proponent of a proposal to install bike lanes on a three-mile stretch of Figueroa Street .
Campaign spokesman Michael Atkins said Bray-Ali 's position has n't changed on the project . The candidate , he said , will continue to work with the community on bike lanes .
In an interview , Rosas said he opposes bike lanes because he thinks they are n't safe for drivers .
He said Bray-Ali 's commitment to hire from his “ group ” refers to the candidate 's promise to pick staffers who are known in the community .
“ If I know the person … we can really make things happen , ” Rosas said .
dakota.smith @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ dakotacdsmith
