Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
I do n't know what to do about my partner , who wants to remain friends with my best mate 's abusive ex .
I 'm frustrated about my partner lying to me , only to catch him out socialising with this person .
After everything that 's happened over the past couple of years between my friend and her ex , it genuinely upsets me that he still chooses to see him .
It 's causing so many arguments and I 'm worried if he continues this friendship , things will reach a crisis point with us .
My best friend was with this guy for years on and off , mostly because they were cheating on each other and it devolved into a toxic relationship . They had a child together young and there was a long period of them being stable and making an effort to be parents to their son , who had health issues .
But one night he physically attacked her after he 'd been drinking , wrecking the house and taking her phone away so she could n't call for help .
He was convicted on battery charges , but was given a very light sentence and was released only months later . She started to open up about how emotionally and physically abusive he had been in the past , although never to that level . Since their son passed away due to natural causes they 've stayed apart .
I 'm happy that despite everything she 's been through , she has the
opportunity to heal and be happy now and I 'm really proud of her . What upsets me is that my partner is such a good person and would normally hate this type of man , so why does he still want to associate with this guy ?
I have n't talked to my best friend about it because I 'm deeply ashamed and I do n't want to bring that pain back for her .
What else could I say to my partner to convince him that he has to stop seeing this awful man ?
Coleen says
First of all , you 've been a great friend , which is the most important thing and you have nothing to feel guilty or bad about .
If I were in your shoes , I 'd have to say to my partner that I 'm really disappointed that he wants to hang out with someone who 's been convicted of physical violence against his partner .
Tell him it 's making you question his judgement and character . Also make it clear that this man wo n't be welcome at your home and you wo n't socialise with him . Ask him who he 'd miss more – this guy or you ?
And if he ca n't bear to lose this man as a friend , then I think it says a lot about how seriously he 's taking your relationship .
The best part of this story is that your friend is moving on , sorting her life out and doing great , and you can still be there to support her .
She might even know that your partner still sees her ex , but I do n't think it would affect how she feels about you . She 'll know this is n't your choice .
Anne-Marie D'Amico
Stuttgart : France 's Caroline Garcia stunned Maria Sharapova 3-6 , 7-6 ( 8/6 ) , 6-4 on Tuesday to knock the five-time Grand Slam winner out in the first round of the Stuttgart Grand Prix .
Sharapova , ranked 41 , reached the semi-finals a year ago when she made her return from a 15-month doping ban .
The Russian crowd favourite made just two unforced errors as she dominated the opening set before Garcia fought back to win in two-and-three-quarter hours .
Grasim Industries 's total income during the first quarter stood at Rs11,222.17 crore as against Rs10,373.47 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal . Photo : Mint
New Delhi : Aditya Birla Group firm Grasim Industries on Monday reported a 9.47 % rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs1,248.10 crore for the quarter to 30 June on account of higher income .
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs1,140.03 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal , Grasim Industries said in a BSE filing .
Total income during the April-June quarter of the fiscal stood at Rs11,222.17 crore as against Rs10,373.47 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal , up 8.18 % .
“ The domestic market saw de-stocking in the value chain given the announcement of GST implementation , ” the company said .
Grasim Industries ' consolidated revenue from its viscose staple fibre ( VSF ) segment was Rs 1,997.71 crore this quarter as against Rs1,801.87 crore a year ago .
Company 's consolidated revenue from cement division was Rs7,928.50 crore during the quarter . It was Rs7,452.35 crore in the first quarter of the last fiscal .
For the entire fiscal , Grasim Industries had reported a net profit of Rs4,245.61 crore .
With effect from 1 July , Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd ( ABNL ) has been merged into Grasim Industries .
During the quarter , UltraTech completed the acquisition of the Cement plants from Jaiprakash Associates Ltd and Jaypee Cement Corporations Ltd with a total capacity of 21.2 MnTPA .
On the outlook , Grasim Industries said : “ The company is working on investment plan for capacity expansion in addition to the ongoing debottlenecking of its plants to meet the growing consumer demand . ”
Milan , July 4 - Four people were injured when two trams collided in central Milan on Wednesday . The crash in Piazza Cordusio was reportedly caused by an error by one of the drivers . The four passengers were taken to hospital , not in a serious condition .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When former Liverpool striker Michael Owen signed for Manchester United it took many by surprise .
But what really shocked Red Devils fans was when he also claimed the number seven shirt .
The jersey , which was previously worn by Cristiano Ronaldo , and legends such as David Beckham , Eric Cantona and George Best , holds a special significance at Old Trafford .
Alex Ferguson also understood its significance and took special care when handing the number out to one his players .
Owen explains this in a recent interview with JOE , he recalled : `` Sir Alex called myself and Michael Carrick into his office .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Getty )
`` He says , 'The No.7 , Michael , I want you to wear it . I think you can handle the pressure and all that comes with it ' .
`` He then nods at Carrick and says , 'If you do n't want it , Michael you can have it ' .
`` He looks at me and says , 'Do you want it ? ' . 'Absolutely ' , I replied . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Claudio Ranieri likened himself to the Pope after this 90-minute non-event - and it looks like he could do with some divine intervention to save Leicester 's season .
The Premier League Champions ' troubles on the road show no sign of easing after a 12th domestic road trip without a win - a dire record stretching all the way back to April .
They were thankful to scramble a point against a Middlesbrough side who exerted more control as the contest wore on , but who were unable to turn their pressure into goals to result in a dour New Year 's non event .
Ranieri tried to look for the positives - but they were few and far between as not for the first time this season the shot-shy Foxes lacked a cutting edge as they missed the suspended Jamie Vardy - who served the last of a three-game suspension .
“ It was a good performance and a second clean sheet in a row , ” Ranieri insisted after his side claimed only a third point from a possible 30 on their travels this season .
( Photo : Getty Images )
Robert Huth was immense at the back , and Leicester 's Italian head coach added : “ We were so solid and I 'm very pleased about that . I want to score a goal of course but this season we 've conceded so many that we needed to improve and it 's good that we 've gone back to being solid and strong . ”
A single goal was always going to settle this forgettable snorefest between two sides who both remain too close for comfort to the drop zone . Gaston Ramirez should have won it with eight minutes left , but the Uruguayan pulled a close range shot badly wide after pouncing on a rare mistake from Leicester skipper Wes Morgan as for a second time in five weeks the sides were unable to be separated .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
( Photo : Getty Images )
George Friend came close after the break when the Middlesbrough substitute capped a fine display to cut in from the left and fire narrowly over .
The fast-raiding full-back then provided a perfect cross which Adam Forshaw should have headed home , but the midfielder mistimed his run from outside the box and the chance was gone .
Head coach Aitor Karanka said : “ That 's both games this season where we 've been the better side than the reigning Premier League champions . ”
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Leicester 's chances were few and far between . Fabio denied the out-of-sorts Riyad Mahrez with a fine first-half tackle , and Leonardo Ulloa should have done better with a late header aimed straight at keeper Brad Guzan .
The Teessiders made most of the running and it might have been a different story had Huth been penalised when he tangled with Adama Traore on the edge of the area early on . Karanka claimed the German defender had admitted it should have been a spot kick .
Christian Fuchs admitted marking Traore was like trying to keep up Usain Bolt , but the Spanish winger 's delivery throughout was woeful . Asked about the penalty claims , Ranieri said : “ Did you watch it ? Come on man . If that is a penalty , I am the pope . ”
CALOUNDRA 'S Allan 'Alfie ' Langer is officially the next in line for a statue outside Suncorp Stadium .
CALOUNDRA 'S Allan 'Alfie ' Langer is officially the next in line for a statue outside Suncorp Stadium . FILE PHOTO
CALOUNDRA 'S Allan 'Alfie ' Langer is officially the next in line for a statue outside Suncorp Stadium .
The Queensland Rugby League has written to the State Government requesting the 'Little General ' be immortalised in bronze .
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said cabinet had discussed the idea and thought it appropriate .
`` We will be in further discussions with the QRL about making that a reality , '' she said .
`` It might happen in time for ( next week 's ) State of Origin . ''
He would join greats of the game Wally Lewis , Darren Lockyer , Mal Meninga and Arthur Beetson .
Langer played 258 games for the Broncos between 1988-99 and 2002 , and was one of the best halfbacks of the 1990s .
In a decade of dominance he won four premierships with the all-conquering Broncos .
It comes after several weeks of campaigning by the Daily .
Sydney : Alastair Cook has `` no idea '' when he will be retiring and is completely focused on beating Australia in his 150th Test this week to keep the Ashes series alive , the former England captain said on Tuesday .
Cook , England 's most prolific Test run-scorer , has made 62 runs in four innings as the tourists have gone 2-0 down in the five-match series and some former players turned pundits have suggested he might be about to call time on his career .
`` I have n't made any decision on anything . All my focus is on this game , the biggest of our lives , coming up , '' Cook said in Perth .
Cook captained England on their last Ashes tour Down Under when spinner Graeme Swann retired mid-series with the tourists 3-0 down and headed for a 5-0 whitewash .
Former Australian paceman Mitchell Johnson and England batsman Kevin Pietersen have suggested that Cook had the look of a man who might be ready to hang up his bat .
`` For the people who are saying that , they 've had no contact time with me , '' Cook , who will turn 33 later this month , said . `` They would n't know the extra nets I 've been doing behind closed doors .
`` I was with ( my batting coach ) yesterday for an hour-and-a-half in the morning , desperate to keep working on my game .
`` That 's probably not a guy who 's given in . To be honest with you , I have no idea ( when I 'll retire ) and I 've said that since I gave up the captaincy . ''
The opener said retirement might not end up being his own choice if he continued to fail to make runs and said becoming the first England player to play 150 Tests was `` quite special '' , especially as the last 147 have been consecutive .
Cook has enjoyed an Ashes triumph in Australia in 2010-11 as well as the 2013-14 debacle and said the current party would not fail for want of trying .
`` I will say this about this England side , I 've never seen a side work as hard as this side , '' he said .
`` Win , lose or draw , whether we play well or we play rubbish , the effort from the guys is unbelievable . There 's a group of men in there , 16 or 17 of them , desperate to do well . ''
U.S. Marine Corps Capt . Donald Shrewsbury , a KC-130J pilot with Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron ( VMGR ) 152 , speaks to local Japanese media during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni , Japan , Feb. 15 , 2017 . The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness . The simulators increase safety , proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Joseph Abrego )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.15.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID : 3166500 VIRIN : 170215-M-ON157-0051 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 12.46 MB Location : MCAS IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Web Views : 6 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Local media gains new insight [ Image 1 of 17 ] , by LCpl Joseph Abrego , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Chief Master Sgt . James Lucas , 386th Expeditionary Mission Support Group superintendent , writes a holiday greeting on the top of a box containing holiday meals for forward-deployed service members Dec. 23 , 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia . After the boxes were loaded with holiday meal items , they were loaded into the back of a C-130H Hercules and delivered to the austere locations where these service members are currently deployed . ( U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 12.22.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID : 3082900 VIRIN : 161223-F-CA297-034 Resolution : 5184x3456 Size : 4.03 MB Location : ( UNDISCLOSED LOCATION ) Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 386th AEW delivers holiday meals to forward-deployed service members [ Image 1 of 20 ] , by SrA Andrew Park , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The Chinese government hopes that all countries interested in settling the North Korean nuclear issue would carefully examine Moscow and Beijing 's joint proposals on the issue , the Chinese Foreign Ministry 's spokeswoman , Hua Chunying , said Monday.In early July , the Russian and Chinese foreign ministries issued a joint statement regarding tension on the Korean Peninsula , suggesting that the issue be settled by Pyongyang declaring a moratorium on nuclear tests , while South Korea and the United States at the same time refrain from military drills in the region . Furthermore , the statement stressed that the parties should start negotiations and approve common principles of relations , including non-use of force and intentions to make efforts for denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.According to the spokeswoman , the Chinese government calls on the all involved sides to focus their efforts on resuming the negotiation process and searching for political ways to solve the crisis on the Korean Peninsula.The tensions surrounding North Korea have been high over recent months and have escalated further following the tightening of economic sanctions against North Korea by the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) on August 5 , in response to Pyongyang 's July launches of ballistic missiles.The move prompted harsh criticism from Pyongyang , which subsequently vowed to use any means possible to retaliate against the United States after the UNSC approved the new US-drafted sanctions . US President Donald Trump , in turn , warned that if North Korea continued making threats or possible actions that they would be met with `` fire and fury '' from the United States . Following the statement , Pyongyang said it had considered an attack near the Pacific island of Guam , where several US military bases are located .
Why Do We Talk In Our Sleep ?
17 injured as coach overturns on M40 slip road in
Horror in Russia as children are crushed on escal
Gran Barbara Dransfield had every bone in face br
Do n't miss the comet that will light up the sky o
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle f
Would you sleep in Dracula 's coffin ?
This is why sleep we sleep at night
Having trouble sleeping ? This might be why
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Known officially as 'somniloquy ' , sleep talking is as mysterious as it can be entertaining to overhear .
In the wee , dark hours of the night , many of us have spouted either complete jibberish , or something which , out of context , makes very little sense .
Somniloquy ( as well as sleep walking ) affects around one per cent of adults and there is a widely-held belief that it offers a tantalising glimpse into what 's going on in someone else 's subconscious - or what they 're really like .
The abandon with which somniloquy sufferers sleep talk may seem as if there 's a deep-rooted psychological catalyst .
However , the truth is somewhat different .
Michael Breus , Ph.D. , a sleep specialist and author of The Power Of When , spoke to SELF about what sleep talking does in fact reveal about a person .
( Photo : Getty )
It turns out , sleep talking is totally meaningless , and not worth paying attention to or analysing .
`` There 's no data to suggest that [ sleep talking ] is either predictive in nature or kind of gives you a window into their subconscious or anything like that , '' Michael explains .
( Photo : Getty )
Basically , you 're unlikely to witness overhear a sleep talker airing all the skeletons in their closet .
It is , however , indicative of one thing : sleep deprivation .
Michael adds , `` Most of the time it 's due to either something causing sleep deprivation or there already is a high level of sleep deprivation . ''
( Photo : Getty )
The National Sleep Foundation adds to this stating how stress , depression , daytime drowsiness , alcohol , and fever can cause somniloquy .
So while there 's no risk of giving anything about yourself away as a sleep talker , it may very well be that you need to try and relax and get some better quality sleep .
DANVILLE , Va. - Martinsville-based Carlisle School will close its satellite campus in Danville at the end of the current school year due to financial issues .
The school 's board of trustees president , Eric Monday , says the private school is not making any money off of the Danville campus and the utility costs are too high .
Students will be allowed to go to the school 's main campus in Martinsville next year and free bus service will be provided .
Most , if not all , of the staff at the Danville campus will also be able to transfer to the main campus .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
© José-Manuel Benito Álvarez / Wikipedia
Even 34,000 years ago , our ancestors knew having sex with their relatives was a bad idea . Analysis of ancient human remains found in Russia has revealed that even among an extremely small society , incest did not take place.The study , led by Cambridge University and the University of Copenhagen , saysThe study has led to speculation that this could partly explain why anatomically-modern humans proved more successful than other species such as Neanderthals that did not avoid inbreeding.Researchers examined genetic remains of four anatomically-modern humans from Sunghir , an Upper Paleolithic site in Russia . Unusually for finds from this period , the people were found buried together.To the researchers ' surprise , the individuals were not closely related in genetic terms . At the very most , they were second cousins . This is true even in the case of two children who were buried head-to-head in the same grave.Objects and jewelry found buried with the remains suggest they may have developed rules , ceremonies and rituals to accompany the exchange of mates between groups which perhaps foreshadowed modern marriage ceremonies.Professor Eske Willerslev , fellow at St John 's College , Cambridge , said in a statement : `` What this means is that even people in the Upper Paleolithic , who were living in tiny groups , understood the importance of avoiding inbreeding.By comparison , genomic sequencing of a Neanderthal individual from the Altai Mountains who lived about 50,000 years ago indicated inbreeding was not avoided.It led researchers to speculate that an early , systematic approach to preventing inbreeding may have helped anatomically-modern humans to thrive , compared with other hominins .
LAHORE : The National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) Lahore has arrested two senior officials , Khalid Iqbal and Muhammad Abbas Ali , of the Lahore Development Authority ( LDA ) , over their alleged involvement in illegal transfer of plots in Mustafa Town , Lahore .
According to a NAB spokesman , the accused officials , in collusion with each another , misused their authority and facilitated illegal transfer of plots in the name of people who were neither eligible nor entitled in any way to get the exempted plots . The accused obtained illegal pecuniary advantage through such ill-practices .
Three other officials LDA have already been arrested in the same case .
NAB has acquired physical remand of 10 days after producing both the accused before an accountability court .
“ Betrayal ” implies that there must have been sincere trust in the relationship , which was never the case with any of the Kurds ' extra-regional Great Power partners , nor will there ever be because of pure Neo-Realist considerations that even they themselves should surely be aware of by now .
Every so often one stumbles upon a statement by a Kurdish official alleging that one or another Great Power “ betrayed ” the Kurds , such as what Russia has recently been accused of after giving Turkey the green light for “ Operation Olive Branch ” , and these claims frequently pop up at a dizzying pace all across social media whenever a Neo-Marxist supporter of “ Kurdistan ” is trying to make a point and win sympathy for their “ cause ” . Never mind that there 's no such thing as “ Kurdistan ” in the first place and that it 's much more accurate to refer to this ultra-diverse sub-state region as the “ Kurdish Cultural Space ” ( KCS ) instead , but the idea being conveyed is that its people have repeatedly been let down by anyone who they 've been made to believe ever gave them any hope at achieving their demagogues ' dreams of “ independence ” .
The First Western “ Betrayal ”
The origin of the “ betrayal ” concept stretches back a century to the end of World War I and Woodrow Wilson 's “ Fourteen Points ” of geopolitically weaponized “ democracy ” , but ironically overlooks the fact that the Kurdish “ bashi-bazouk ” who contributed to the Ottomans ' wartime actions against the Armenians were essentially ‘ rewarded ' with that group 's newly depopulated territory anyhow , thus making the concept of “ Kurdistan ” at the very dawn of its inception more like a “ proto-Israel ” than the “ proto-Palestine ” that it 's nowadays popularly and wrongly presented as . Anyhow , the Turkish War of Independence against the European colonial forces quashed any hope that the extra-regional powers would succeed in carving out this proxy state , and the Kurds did n't give their “ nation-building ” mission a second shot until immediately after the end of World War II when they received Soviet military assistance in briefly proclaiming the “ Republic of Mahabad ” in northwestern Iran .
Soviet “ Betrayal ”
The USSR 's pragmatic decision to withdraw support for their envisioned communist puppet state was similarly condemned as a “ betrayal ” by the independence-seeking Kurds because they did n't understand the larger geopolitics at play . The “ Iran Crisis ” , as it has since been referred to , has its roots in Imperial Russia 's desire to incorporate the northern part of the country into its sphere of influence and potentially even include it as part of the Empire itself just like they did with what is nowadays the independent Republic of Azerbaijan ( itself the northern part of the transnational Azerbaijan region , of which the southern Iranian component is much more populous ) . The USSR invaded the northern half of Iran together with the British in 1941 under the pretext of safeguarding the transit of vital wartime materials from what was publicly presented to the world as a “ fascist ” -sympathizing Shah .
This was exploited by Stalin right after Hitler 's defeat in order to de-facto revive his country 's historical claims to a regional sphere of influence under the cover of a clandestinely supported “ communist revolution ” in the Kurdish-populated regions of Iran that Soviet troops had previously occupied . It ultimately failed because he decreed that the USSR should stop supporting the insurgency after coming under intense global pressure in what has in hindsight been regarded as one of the first real episodes of the Cold War , thus dooming the rebellious Kurds to suffer the Shah 's wrath even though some of them did indeed manage to escape to Iraq and the Soviet Union . Russia 's interest in the Kurds has always been geostrategic , just like every other Great Power that understood the powerful utility of playing the “ Kurdish Card ” in the quadri-national sub-state KCS , though in keeping with “ tradition ” and the zeitgeist of “ comradeship and solidarity ” , this was never openly admitted , whether by Moscow or anyone else then or afterwards .
Psychological Predispositions And Neo-Realist Rationale
It 's because of the “ convincing ” soft power assertions by the Soviet Union and later on Western-based states and activists that the myth of “ sincere external support for the Kurds ” arose , both within the KCS and abroad , though nobody should have been fooled , not least of all the Kurds themselves . The entire world was duped for decades to a degree in speculating about the scenarios that could have arisen had Wilson 's geopolitical weaponization of “ democracy ” through the “ Fourteen Points ” been completely fulfilled in neo-colonially dividing and ruling the entire Eastern Hemisphere via a checkerboard of America 's identity-centric “ states ” , and this curiosity was driven of course by the natural human inclination to wonder “ what if ? ” especially after the horrors of World War I and II .
Had anyone conducted a sober reading of enduring International Relations thought , however , then it would have been revealed that the Kurds have always been seen as Neo-Realist tools of whichever patron was courting them at the time .
There 's an innate tendency in every person to disillusion themselves with the more “ comforting ” idea that morals , ethics , and principles have a place in global politics , but the ‘ inconvenient ' truth is that such arguments are almost always used as tools for cultivating support for Neo-Realist agendas such as the ones that were described above in reference to the extra-regional Great Powers of the US , Europe , and the USSR . The diverse and ( sometimes violently ) divided Kurdish people are more susceptible to being deceived than anyone else because the KCS ' demagogues abuse the concept of “ Kurdistan ” in order to rally the public 's support for their political and/or militant quest to become what de-facto amounts to local “ warlords ” , and emotional pitches playing to people 's fantasies are much more appealing than rational ones that temper or outright debunk them .
Backstabbing One 's Brothers
Baghdad Nuclear Research Facility – 10 March 1991 . The Tuwaythah Nuclear Research Facility , Baghdad , Post-strike . ( Source : Wikimedia Commons )
The only true partners that the Kurds ever had and could hope to have been the national governments of which they 're legally a part and those states ' constituent peoples that are technically their fellow compatriots , though the problem has continuously arisen where Kurdish demagogues are cajoled by the Great Powers ( and sometimes even the neighboring states ) with the promise of “ independence ” into launching insurgencies against the only forces realistically capable of genuinely allying with them and assisting with their development . This does n't justify the excessive and inhumane response by Saddam Hussein when he used Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMDs ) against them , but is intended to explain how and why the Kurds always “ go wrong ” and are repeatedly exploited as geopolitical instruments of others despite the drastically low odds that they 'll ever succeed in their campaign , let alone have their foreign patron of the moment fully honor their previous pledge to recognize their “ independence ” in the unlikely event that they do .
The American And Russian “ Betrayals ”
Over the past couple of years , much has been said about the US ' geostrategic plans for the Kurds in the New Cold War , which do n't differ whatsoever from what the USSR intended for them during the Old Cold War . Back then , Moscow wanted to utilize the Kurds and their transnational KCS as a powerful pivot for exerting influence in the four countries that they reside in , some of which had at times been American allies such as NATO-member Turkey . The communist-era “ revolutionary ” crusade to “ break and then rebuild ” has a certain ‘ logic ' to it , but Russia and the US ' roles switched after 1991 when Washington realized that it could weaponize chaos theory to indefinitely prolong , geographically expand , and ultimately further entrench its global unipolar influence . This explains why it “ poached ” the USSR 's former Kurdish allies as well as its Baloch and Uighur ones too , as these sub-state groups are nowadays collectively much more useful in coordinating American-backed “ Lead From Behind ” Hybrid Wars against the New Silk Roads than they are in spreading the now-defunct ideology of Soviet communism .
At the same time and returning back to the Kurdish focus of this analysis , however , the US shrewdly understands that it does n't have to dogmatically cling to whatever words it promises this landlocked people if its grand strategic interests could be better served by reneging on its earlier implied or secretly agreed commitmentsin cutting deals with the four targeted national governments involved and/or dramatically downscaling the level of “ sovereignty ” that it supports for the Kurds in an effort to cynically implement a “ strategy of tension ” in the region that it can continuously manage to its advantage . Russia , which is also playing by the rules of the “ 19th-Century Great Power Chessboard ” , does the same thing as the US but is less capricious and actually seems to have a “ balanced ” long-term vision of “ decentralization ” in mind that might present the only realistic “ solution ” to countering the regional instability that Washington has masterminded .
Kurd Betrays Kurd ( And This Time It 's A Real Betrayal )
Regardless of how their geopolitical future unfolds , it can be certain that the Kurds have already wised up to their ultra-strategic role in the world vis-à-vis the Great Powers and neighboring states , and it 's condescending to imply that their people and especially their demagogic decision makers have yet to recognize this enduring century-long mainstay of International Relations . It 's certainly the case that the Kurds ' leaders regularly mislead their people and abuse their “ messianic ” dream of “ Kurdistan ” within the highly diverse transnational KCS , but this also provides them with a backup “ insurance plan ” to rely on whenever it fails by “ playing the victim ” of a conspiratorial “ betrayal ” by a “ trusted ally ” for soft power purposes and to consequently prompt an outpouring of sympathy from their domestic and international supporters . It 's also an expedient means to deflect any responsibility for the disasters that they cause in pursuit of this goal , but nowadays that trend might be changing as the Kurdish people figure out that they 're being manipulated by their own leaders more than by any foreign power .
To the credit of the Kurds in Northern Iraq , they brought their chieftain Barzani to account and compelled him to finally step down after the trilateral blockade of their autonomous region following the “ independence ” referendum that they themselves took part in . Overcome by what they were misled into believing was ‘ irreversible ' historic inertia , they were guided like sheep by their “ president ” into voting to secede from Iraq , only to immediately suffer the crushing economic consequences and the impending threat of a military one as well . The real “ betrayal ” , as they soon came to understand , was that of their top Kurdish demagogue against his own people when he deceived them into voting for an outcome that he never had any intention of implementing . The principled example set by the Iraqi Kurds in rebelling against their leadership might one day be replicated in “ Rojava ” if the Syrian Kurds realize that President Erdoğan is punishing their warlords for implementing the Yinon Plan and dangerously trying to play Damascus like a fiddle to this end .
Only when the people of the KCS come to grips with the reality that the only betrayal that they 've ever truly experienced is that of Kurd against Kurd can the never-ending cycle of their peoples ' instrumentalization by foreign powers come to an end and their transnational region begin to serve as the pivotal center of Mideast stability that it 's more than capable of being in the emerging Multipolar World Order .
*
Andrew Korybko is an American Moscow-based political analyst specializing in the relationship between the US strategy in Afro-Eurasia , China 's One Belt One Road global vision of New Silk Road connectivity , and Hybrid Warfare .
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/is-it-even-possible-to-betray-the-kurds/5628043
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Corrie fans have been waiting for the moment that Angie Appleton realises her husband , Jude , is not actually a marine biologist .
The shop worker has been lying to his wife for a long while , and it looks as though his lies are finally going to be revealed .
But Angie has to find solace somewhere , and it looks like it could be in the arms of the handsome Adam Barlow .
Jude has relied on his mum , Mary Taylor , to solve his problems but it all kicks off when Angie turns up to his workplace and wants to meet the `` fellow marine biologists '' who he says have been bullying him at work .
( Image : ITV )
Little does she know that Jude is actually working in the gift shop , so he sets off the fire alarm to buy some time and tells Angie they 've already agreed to come for dinner , so there 's no need to confront them .
Mary , in a bid to save her son 's embarrassment , hires actors to post as the workmates at the dinner party but everything goes wrong , as would be expected .
Angie uncovers all the lies , so storms out to the solicitor 's office to calm down , where she gets a little cosy with Adam .
( Image : ITV )
She pours her heart out to him and Adam pours her a few whiskies , so could they end up having an alcohol fuelled romance ?
Finally , Jude 's fire alarm stunt ends up leading to him getting the sack - so he has no job to lie about !
Coronation Street airs on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays from 7.30pm on ITV .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was touch-and-go tonight , but Coira fans got the ending that they had hoped and prayed for .
During this evening 's episode of Emmerdale , Moira ditched her plans to leave the Dales for Scotland and met Cain on the bridge .
Cain had given the farmer one last ultimatum to meet him by the bridge if she was still in love with him .
Thankfully , she did !
Walking up alongside him with their son , she leaned against the bridge .
`` It 's one minute after five , '' he said , remarking on the fact she was late .
She smiled and replied : `` Well , we 've got the rest of our lives together - if you fancy it . ''
The couple then smiled happily at one another before they turned to face each other .
`` I love you so much it hurts , '' Moira finally admitted .
`` I know , '' he said and the pair leaned in for a long kiss .
Took long enough !
* Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV
When the mobile OS update begins to roll out on April 25 , owners of some older Windows Phones may find themselves out of luck
Next week , Windows 10 Creators Update is scheduled to begin making its way to Windows smartphones . But corporate customers and users who were hoping to extend the life of older Windows Phone devices may be out of luck .
Just before the weekend , the Redmond , Wash. , software maker released a list of 11 mobile devices ( and some variants ) that will be eligible for the Windows Insider early access program once the Windows 10 Creators update is released .
It also serves as a list of devices that are slated to receive the update .
Windows 10 Creators Update
“ Devices not on this list will not officially receive the Windows 10 Creators Update nor will they receive any future builds from our Development Branch that we release as part of the Windows Insider Program , ” announced Dona Sarkar , a software engineer in Windows and Devices Group and head of the Windows Insider program at Microsoft , in an April 14 blog post .
“ However , Windows Insiders who have devices not on this list can still keep these devices on the Windows 10 Creators Update at their own risk knowing that it 's unsupported . ”
Here 's the list of supported devices :
Alcatel IDOL 4S
Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL
HP Elite x3
Microsoft Lumia 550
Microsoft Lumia 640/640XL
Microsoft Lumia 650
Microsoft Lumia 950/950 XL
MouseComputer MADOSMA Q601
SoftBank 503LV
Trinity NuAns NEO
VAIO Phone Biz
Sarkar went on to acknowledge that many users will be disappointed to learn that their devices will no longer be supported . In Microsoft 's defense , she suggested that the mobile operating system update did not provide an acceptable user experience on the aging devices that did n't make the list .
Developers , meanwhile , are advised to set Windows 10 Creators Update as the minimum platform target in the Visual Studio IDE ( integrated development environment ) .
Microsoft also released Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview Build 15204 , which includes a new privacy page that allows users to select the data collection settings during the setup process . Similar to new front-and-center privacy tools in the latest desktop version of the operating system , the mobile flavor now allows users to determine how much system and usage information they wish to share with Microsoft .
In addition , Build 15204 for mobile includes a fix for a bug that prevented the on-screen keyboard from appearing when users tapped on a text input field using the Microsoft Edge browser .
Attentive Insiders will also notice that the build numbers for the PC and mobile versions of pre-release Windows 10 updates no longer sync up .
“ This is a result of more work we 're doing to converge code into OneCore—the heart of Windows across PC , tablet , phone , IoT [ internet of things ] , HoloLens , Xbox and more as we continue to develop new improvements for Windows 10 Mobile and our enterprise customers , ” Sarkar claimed .
OneCore is a set of APIs ( application programming interfaces ) and DDIs ( device driver interfaces ) that allow developers to target multiple Windows devices—spanning desktops , mobile and IoT hardware—with the same code .
Quiz : What do you know about Windows 10 ?
Originally published on eWeek
Domestic Violence 's Overlooked Damage : Concussion And Brain Injury
Enlarge this image toggle caption MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images
Hundreds of survivors of domestic violence have come through the doors of neurologist Glynnis Zieman 's Phoenix clinic in the past three years .
`` The domestic violence patients are the next chapter of brain injury , '' she says .
Zieman begins every new patient visit with a simple question : `` What are the symptoms you hope I can help you with ? ''
For most , it 's the first time anyone has ever asked even how they may have been injured in the first place . `` I actually heard one patient tell me the only person who ever asked her if someone did this to her was a paramedic , as she was being wheeled into an ambulance , '' Zieman says . `` And the husband was at the foot of her stretcher . ''
While many patients initially seek out the clinic because of physical symptoms , such as headaches , exhaustion , dizziness or problems sleeping , Zieman says her research shows anxiety , depression and PTSD usually end up being the most severe problems .
Studies of traumatic brain injury have revealed links to dementia and memory loss in veterans and athletes . And TBI has also been linked to PTSD in current or former service members .
Another group may be suffering , still largely in silence — survivors of domestic violence .
Shots - Health News War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD Listen · 6:36 6:36
About 70 percent of people seen in the ER for such abuse are never actually identified as survivors of domestic violence . It 's a health crisis cloaked in secrecy and shame , one that Zieman is uncovering through her work at the Barrow Concussion and Brain Injury Center .
She runs what she says is the first program dedicated to treating traumatic brain injury for survivors of domestic violence .
`` About 81 percent of our patients had so many hits to the head , they lost count , which , you compare that to athletes , is astronomical , '' Zieman says .
Zieman says it 's not just the sheer number of injuries that makes these patients ' cases so complex .
`` One single athletic concussion is hard enough to treat , but these patients are beyond that , '' she says . `` Unlike athletes , they do not have the luxury , if you will , of recovering after an injury before they are injured again . ''
Domestic violence is estimated to affect 10 million people each year . Head and neck injuries are some of the most common issues , and Zieman is uncovering how frequently traumatic brain injury is a part of the picture .
Still , she says , the lack of recognition of the severity of the abuse-related problems has left many survivors without a definitive diagnosis . Many get blamed for their cognitive impairment .
`` They have been labeled for so long with all these horrible things , '' says Zieman . `` And in the end , it 's not only not their fault but there is a true medical reason behind these issues and there are some things that can be done . ''
Data on domestic violence and traumatic injury are sparse because it 's so underreported , but Zieman says their initial findings indicate it 's even more prevalent than previously thought .
A 2016 review of the medical files of patients in the program — almost all women — discovered only one-fifth of them had seen a physician for their injuries . Eighty-eight percent had sustained more than one head injury from abuse .
Zieman works with local domestic violence shelters to identify women who may be suffering from brain injuries . Workers will send them to Zieman 's clinic where their physical symptoms , such as headaches or dizziness , can be treated along with the cognitive and emotional effects of their abuse . Thanks to grants and private donations , Zieman says the care is free , whether or not people have insurance .
Ashley Bridwell , a social worker at Barrow , works hand in hand with Zieman to help survivors manage life with a brain injury . `` Some of these simple things like filling out an application or remembering an appointment , or being able to give a solid social or medical history— it 's close to impossible considering what they are experiencing , '' she says .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Will Stone for NPR Will Stone for NPR
Bridwell helped start the program six years ago after doing outreach to the homeless community and realizing many clients had traumatic brain injuries from domestic violence . She says patients often have long histories of emotional and physical abuse . Many have cognitive impairment from repeated mild traumatic brain injury .
Patients will sometimes arrive at their clinic with a constellation of seemingly unexplainable symptoms . Bridwell remembers one who lost her job because of her forgetfulness . The woman thought she had Alzheimer 's .
`` And for her to come in and get some information about head injury , and about how multiple hits to the head can impact your memory , your attention , your concentration , your speed of processing , it was incredibly validating for her , '' says Bridwell .
The diagnosis gave her a new way to talk about and understand her private struggle . `` They realize it 's not their fault , '' Bridwell says .
And Zieman says PTSD and trauma affect this population deeply .
`` The significance of the mood symptoms in this population far exceeds what we see in our other patients , '' she says .
Zieman says we 're still in the early stages of understanding the effects of repetitive brain injury and how we can better treat it . The trauma of domestic violence only complicates the picture , but the survivors she sees remain her favorite to treat .
`` I feel that we can make the biggest difference for these patients , '' she says .
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR , KJZZ and Kaiser Health News . You can follow Will Stone on Twitter : @ WStoneReports .
BRIDGEPORT , Conn. ( WTNH ) – An important anniversary was marked along the Connecticut shoreline this morning . The first manned , powered flight was taken on this date in 1901 . There is another state that claims the title “ First in Flight. ” North Carolina says two brothers flew their plane in 1903 , but two years before that , a German immigrant flew his plane along the Connecticut shoreline .
They brought out a replica of that first airplane onto a small green near the Bridgeport-Fairfield line .
“ This was important to our country and historic at the time , and I think that 's the innovation , that 's the spirit that we want our kids today to look up to , ” said Fairfield First Selectman Mike Treteau .
That first airplane was built by Bridgeport resident Gustave Whitehead . He flew it in Fairfield . Today , his great-great granddaughters received an official proclamation marking the anniversary .
“ My dad always told us stories , ” said one of those great-great granddaughters , Sammie Crasilli . “ They have a lot of newspaper articles and everything and we were taught from a very young age that he was the first one who did it . ”
All through school you probably learned that it was the Wright brothers from Ohio , who went to North Carolina , and made the first flight at Kittyhawk . A lot of people thought that , but that was before the replica of Whitehead 's plane got off the ground . About 30 years ago , Andy Kosch put his replica to the test , flying a recreation of Whitehead 's plane about a half a mile .
“ This thing flew so easily for me that Gustave Whitehead must have gotten off the ground , ” Kosch said . “ There were many , many eyewitnesses who swore , who swore affidavits that they saw Whitehead fly . ”
Kosch is a former teacher , and he hopes to educate lots of people about this little known piece of history .
“ We 're going to continue making more planes and trying to fly them all over the place , ” said Kosch . “ I want all the young kids in Stratford and Bridgeport and Fairfield to learn about Gustave Whitehead in their history classes . ”
He says he will keep educating people until one day it 's accepted across the country that when you ask , Who was first in flight ? The answer “ Wright ” is wrong .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Watford are poised to complete the £2.5million capture of Ben Foster from relegated West Brom .
The Baggies have already brought in Manchester United keeper Sam Johnstone , 25 , to replace Foster .
Now shot-stopper Foster is set to get his wish to return to Watford , where he spent two seasons on loan previously from 2005-2007 .
Foster and defender Craig Dawson last week both refused to go to Albion 's training camp in Portugal .
The pair is due to be hit with the maximum fine of two weeks ' wages for skipping the training camp with Burnley keen on Dawson .
( Image : Jordan Mansfield )
( Image : PA )
But Foster wo n't care once he ends up back in the Premier League where he has made 288 appearances for Manchester United , Watford , Birmingham and West Brom .
Following a successful loan spell , the 35-year-old joined the Baggies in a £4m move from Birmingham City .
Since joining in 2012 Foster has made 172 appearances for the club .
Oprah Winfrey continues to fill her plate with numerous projects and we reap the benefits . Despite co-starring in the OWN network drama Greenleaf , executive producing fellow OWN show Queen Sugar , starring in Ava DuVernay 's upcoming A Wrinkle in Time for Disney and re-teaming with Lee Daniels for a possible remake of Terms of Endearment , Winfrey also managed to star in the upcoming HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks , which has set its premiere date for this spring .
. @ Oprah and Rose Byrne star in the adaptation of the critically-acclaimed book .
The Immortal Life of # HenriettaLacks premieres April 22. pic.twitter.com/bGzJC8Kzts — HBO ( @ HBO ) February 14 , 2017
Oprah Winfrey is determined to remind the world just how great she is at acting and with a host of TV and film projects on the horizon , she will definitely succeed . As reported by Shadow and Act , the HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks has officially announced its premiere date for April 22 . The news was initially revealed on the official HBO Twitter account , which is exciting considering that things have been rather quiet surrounding the film lately .
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an incredibly moving true story that is bound to tug at emotions and is a perfect way for Oprah to flex her considerable dramatic acting chops .
In case you are totally unaware of this story , the film 's synopsis reads :
Oprah Winfrey stars in this adaptation of Rebecca Skloot 's critically acclaimed , bestselling nonfiction book of the same name . The film tells the story of Henrietta Lacks , an African American woman whose cells were used to create the first immortal human cell line . Told through the eyes of her daughter , Deborah Lacks ( played by Winfrey ) , the film chronicles her search to learn about the mother she never knew and understand how the unauthorized harvesting of Lacks ' cancerous cells in 1951 led to unprecedented medical breakthroughs , changing countless lives and the face of medicine forever .
Winfrey is also surrounded by a talented cast in the film , including Emmy-winner Courtney B. Vance , Tony-winner Renée Goldsberry and Emmy nominee Rose Byrne . A trailer is expected within the next few weeks or less and we will certainly keep you posted !
Check out today 's Top Stories here :
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926862/founders-little-caesars-paid-rosa-park-rent/
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926590/frank-ocean-mom-unsun-cosmetics/
Also On The Chicago Defender :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A couple desperate to have a baby but unable to conceive have spoken out about the selfless surrogate who finally helped them have the child they had always wanted .
After seven failed rounds of IVF Elouise King and husband Paul believed they would never become parents .
In a last-ditch attempt to start the family they had always dreamed of , the couple joined a surrogacy website to find another woman to carry their child for nine months .
Remarkably , after striking up an “ incredible ” friendship with a woman they met on the site 's forum , the pair are now proud parents to twin boys .
Elouise told Wales Online that she 'll never know how to repay the kindness of her surrogate Jen Taylor , who lives in Barry , Wales , and already has three children of her own .
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
“ Not many people in this world would give up nine months of their life to give someone else the chance to start a family , ” she said .
“ Jen is just an amazing , amazing person . She was so strong , so together , and so determined and positive throughout the whole thing . ”
Elouise and Paul , both 37 and from Solihuill in the West Midlands , said they were keen to have children straight after they got married but following a miscarriage in 2013 their chances of getting pregnant again were dashed .
“ The hospital advised me to undergo a D & C procedure which is essentially the surgical removal of the foetus , ” she said .
“ But something went wrong afterwards . My natural cycle should have returned but it did n't and left me in quite a lot of pain . ”
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
Doctors discovered that due to the D & C procedure Elouise had been struck down with a rare condition known as Asherman syndrome which causes scarring of the cervix and uterus .
After seven rounds of failed IVF in 18 months – a period which Elouise described as “ emotionally and physically draining ” – the couple decided to find a suitable surrogate .
“ We went to a surrogacy conference and we were blown away by the support network on offer , ” she said .
“ We decided to join a forum on the Surrogacy UK website which lets you create an online diary and a profile of yourself with photographs . It can be seen by potential surrogates .
“ We just wanted to be completely honest about who we were . There was no point in us pretending . ”
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
But within weeks of being on the site they started talking to Jen who , along with her partner Dan Broome , agreed to meet up with the pair halfway between Solihull and Barry in Ross on Wye .
“ It was really nerve-wracking . It was a cross between going for a blind date and an interview , ” Elouise said .
“ We 'd chatted a lot before we actually met so we 'd already built up a bit of a friendship .
“ We just really clicked . We have a similar sense of humour and similar interests – and we 're both down to earth .
“ On the drive home me and Paul were speaking to each other and wondering whether she liked us or not .
“ Thankfully she texts us saying that she really enjoyed meeting us – and it all progressed from there . ”
Elouise and Paul then made the trip to Barry to stay with Jen , Dan , and their three children .
“ It was lovely to experience their world and find out who they really were . We built up the foundations of our friendship for three months and eventually we had an ‘ agreement session ' with someone from Surrogacy UK where we went into detail about every single outcome of the pregnancy and birth . ”
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
Following initial blood tests , scans , and another round of IVF , embryos created by Elouise were then implanted into Jen at a clinic in Birmingham .
“ Normally you go through IVF on your own but we did it together which was really nice . We felt like partners in crime , ” she added .
“ The first time we did it we had a positive pregnancy test so we were all overjoyed . But that all came crashing down on us when we later discovered it to be a ‘ chemical pregnancy ' which only last a couple of days .
“ I was devastated . I vowed to go through it one last time but I could n't do it any more than that as I was a mess by that point . ”
Because it was their final attempt the doctors agreed to implant two embryos into Jen – and this time both were a success .
For the next nine months Elouise and Paul made fortnightly trips to south Wales to see Jen and see scans of the twins in University Hospital Llandough and the University Hospital of Wales ( UHW ) .
“ It was wonderful . My miscarriage scan did n't show any heartbeat so to see two was incredible . ”
On June 27 last year Jen gave birth to Jude William , weighing 6lb 8oz , and Joshua Sebastian , weighing 6lb 2oz , at UHW .
And because the twins were breech they needed to be delivered via a planned C-section – which meant Elouise , Paul , and Dan could be in the operating theatre with Jen .
“ As a mum you do n't really get to see your baby being born but I actually got to see them coming out , ” added Elouise .
“ You do feel naturally removed from the pregnancy as they 're not growing inside you but to see them being born was amazing .
“ I was stroking Jen 's head through it all . I could n't believe there was a person lying on an operating table being cut open for me . I do n't know how I 'll ever repay her . ”
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
Mum-of-three Jen said helping Elouise and Paul become parents was one of the most wonderful things she 'd ever experienced .
“ It 's one thing having your own baby but it 's another knowing you 're giving another couple the chance to start their own family , ” said Jen , 36 .
“ Obviously I did n't know how I was going to feel during the pregnancy or giving birth but there was no maternal twang there at all .
“ They 're Elouise and Paul 's babies – I was just babysitting . I 'm happy just to be Auntie Jen . ”
And , amazingly , Jen has n't ruled out being a surrogate again in the near future .
“ It felt like a huge honour to be trusted to carry their babies for nine months , ” she added .
Following the births of Jude and Joshua , who are now seven months old , Elouise praised her midwife Sarah Spencer who she said was a reassuring figure throughout .
( Image : Walesonline/ WS )
Elouise added : “ Sarah worked tirelessly to make sure everyone knew who we were , making treatment and transition between wards seamless . When Jude was taken to the neonatal unit she made sure we saw him without delay .
“ Sarah arranged for us to have a separate room so that we could spend valuable time alone as a new family .
“ She made sure our surrogate was able to recuperate in a different room in the emotional hours after labour , being sensitive to ensure she was n't housed on an open maternity ward next to new mums .
“ She also ensured family members did not miss out in visiting us during this special time . Sarah truly is our fairy godmother ensuring our surrogacy experience was a wonderful one . ”
Sarah , an employee of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board , has now been crowned ‘ Emma 's Diary Mums ' Midwife of the Year 2018 ' for Wales .
Just 100 days to the start of the 35th America 's Cup
Just 100 days to the start of the 35th America 's Cup America 's Cup Just 100 days to the start of the 35th America 's Cup America 's Cup
by America 's Cup today at 12:23 pmRight across the beautiful island of Bermuda , preparations continue apace for the incredible events that will unfold , with racing taking place on the Great Sound , the stadium-style setting for the racecourse that will play host to the fastest boats in America 's Cup history , raced by the greatest sailors in the world.Sir Russell Coutts , CEO of the America 's Cup , and the most successful sailor in America 's Cup history , spoke about why he expects the 35th America 's Cup will be the best event yet in the illustrious 166 year story of the competition for the world 's oldest international sports trophy : “ 100 days to go until the start of the 35th America 's Cup is a major milestone , one that really brings home just how close we all are to the start of what I am sure is going to be the greatest America 's Cup yet. “ When you see the progress that 's being made every day at the America 's Cup Village site in Dockyard , it 's now possible to visualize how the final village will look . We 've started construction of our largest and most premium hospitality structure and we 've released a video flythrough which is a simulation of what the racecourse and the America 's Cup Village will look like , and that just serves to increase the anticipation and excitement even more .
“ Another sign of how close we are to the start of the action is the launching of the America 's Cup Class ( ACC ) boats the teams will race in May and June . The step forward that these boats will have , in performance terms , is incredible .
Races that , in past America 's Cup events , took hours , will now be played out in around 22 minutes .
“ Incredibly the boats will perform at least the same number of maneuvers within this time , meaning this new format will place a premium on crew fitness and making accurate tactical decisions within this much more limited time frame .
“ In the right conditions , the boats will most likely stay up on their foils for the entire race , which is going to produce fast moving racing for everyone watching at the venue , as well as the millions of people watching on TV and on the internet .
“ As with all match racing , the start will be very important , as will the positioning and having smooth , well coordinated tacks and gybes . It 's going to be fascinating to see which teams will eventually qualify for the final races .
“ In addition to the America 's Cup events , we will have the next generation of sailing superstars fighting it out in the Red Bull Youth America 's Cup , racing exactly the same foiling AC45 catamarans the America 's Cup teams have just used to compete in the Louis Vuitton America 's Cup World Series . Those teams will be running fleet races , compared to the America 's Cup itself which is all match racing , and the sight of eight AC45 foiling boats , raced by young guns hungry to show they have what it takes to move up to the ultimate level in the America 's Cup , well that 's going to be fascinating .
“ At the other end of the spectrum , will be a celebration of our incredible America 's Cup history , with the majestic beauty of the America 's Cup Superyacht Regatta and the America 's Cup J Class Regatta , involving some of the most magnificent and graceful boats to ever race in the America 's Cup .
“ Finally I want to touch on the America 's Cup Endeavour Program . This is an incredibly important part of the America 's Cup , using sailing to inspire and educate thousands of young Bermudians and around the world , and making sure that we create a positive lasting legacy . We have just seen two young Bermudian sailors , Ahzai Smith and Christopher Raymond , winning in the Gold and Silver Fleet races in the O'Pen Bic National Championships in New Zealand , and I can tell you from first-hand experience that those young sailors achieved something incredibly special . Those boys are shining examples of what the America 's Cup Endeavour Program aims to achieve – creating opportunities that its participants had surely never dreamt of , and then helping them grab that chance and achieve more than they thought they could .
“ The America 's Cup Endeavour Program would not exist without the support and help of a number of important partners , and the America 's Cup and all the events around it could not happen without the hard work , drive and determination of thousands of people , in Bermuda and worldwide . However , all this work is being done to create the greatest race on water , and now , just 100 days until it starts , it is all becoming very real . The countdown continues ! ”
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/151778
© Thanasak Wanichpan | Getty Images
© Spencer Platt | Getty Images
'Wild West ' of political advertising online
Cambridge Analytica fully complies with Facebook 's terms of service and is currently in touch with Facebook following its recent statement that it had suspended the company from its platform , in order to resolve this matter as quickly as possible .
Cambridge Analytica 's Commercial and Political divisions use social media platforms for outward marketing , delivering data-led and creative content to targeted audiences . They do not use or hold data from Facebook profiles .
In 2014 , we contracted a company led by a seemingly reputable academic at an internationally-renowned institution to undertake a large scale research project in the United States .
This company , Global Science Research ( GSR ) , was contractually committed by us to only obtain data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act and to seek the informed consent of each respondent . GSR was also contractually the Data Controller ( as per Section 1 ( 1 ) of the Data Protection Act ) for any collected data . GSR obtained Facebook data via an API provided by Facebook .
When it subsequently became clear that the data had not been obtained by GSR in line with Facebook 's terms of service , Cambridge Analytica deleted all data received from GSR .
We worked with Facebook over this period to ensure that they were satisfied that we had not knowingly breached any of Facebook 's terms of service and also provided a signed statement to confirm that all Facebook data and their derivatives had been deleted .
No data from GSR was used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign .
Cambridge Analytica only receives and uses data that has been obtained legally and fairly . Our robust data protection policies comply with US , international , European Union , and national regulations .
Cambridge Analytica , a data analytics firm used by the Trump campaign during the 2016 elections , insisted on Saturday that it did not misuse or hold data obtained from Facebook users , despite having been sanctioned by the platform for doing so.That particular app , called `` thisisyourdigitallife , '' was itself banned by Facebook back in 2015 . However , the social network has accused Cambridge Analytica of holding that data , despite assurances to the contrary . `` Several days ago , we received reports that , contrary to the certifications we were given , not all data was deleted , '' Facebook said in a blog post . `` We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims . If true , this is another unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments they made . `` Yet on Saturday , Cambridge Analytica issued a statement insisting it `` fully complies '' with Facebook 's terms of service , and was working with the site to resolve the issue . `` In 2014 , we contracted a company led by a seemingly reputable academic at an internationally-renowned institution to undertake a large scale research project in the United States , '' Cambridge Analytica said . `` This company , Global Science Research ( GSR ) , was contractually committed by us to only obtain data in accordance with the U.K. Data Protection Act and to seek the informed consent of each respondent , '' it added.In a statement , Virginia Democratic Senator Mark Warner , one of the most prominent voices in the debate about online political advertising , said the Cambridge Analytica-Facebook spat was indicative of a market that 's `` essentially the Wild West '' of advertising . `` Whether it 's allowing Russians to purchase political ads , or extensive micro-targeting based on ill-gotten user data , it 's clear that , left unregulated , this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency , '' Warner said on Saturday . `` This is another strong indication of the need for Congress to quickly pass the Honest Ads Act to bring transparency and accountability to online political advertisements , '' the senator added . `` All parties involved - including the SCL Group/Cambridge Analytica , Christopher Wylie and [ thisisyourdigitallife creator ] Aleksandr Kogan - certified to us that they destroyed the data in question , '' said Paul Grewal , Facebook 's vice president and deputy general counsel . `` In light of new reports that the data was not destroyed , we are suspending these three parties from Facebook , pending further information . We will take whatever steps are required to see that the data in question is deleted once and for all - and take action against all offending parties , '' Grewal added.Despite Facebook 's claims that Cambridge Analytica used the information in the service of Trump 's presidential ambitions , the firm dismissed the notion.Christopher Wylie , one of Cambridge Analytica 's founders who left the firm in 2014 , spoke disparagingly about the company in an interview with The New York Times published on Saturday . Below is Cambridge Analytica 's full statement :
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Christmas is a time for hosting family and friends - and devouring lots of indulgent food and booze .
But no matter how hard you plan , there 's always the need to pop out to your local supermarket for those last minute perishables or forgotten loaf of bread .
Rather than getting caught short , you can avoid any stress by checking details for your local before leaving the house .
If Morrisons is your supermarket of choice , we 've got opening times for Christmas Eve , New Year 's Eve and New Year 's Day - because lets face it , there 's only so many leftover turkey sandwiches you can eat .
( Image : Getty )
When will Morrisons be open ?
We 've put together a handy guide below or head over to the on the supermarket 's website and use the store finder tool .
New Delhi : Double Olympic medallist Sushil Kumar will make his Pro Wrestling League ( PWL ) debut in the 74-kilogram weight category when the third season of the star-studded tournament begins next month .
`` I am extremely gratified with my debut in the PWL . Globally , the PWL has emerged as top most calendar event for wrestling champions . The interest , prize money , television reach and fan frenzy is unparalleled . I am confident of leaving a strong imprint on this league , '' Sushil said in a statement on Monday .
Reigning Asian champion Bajrang Punia and 2016 Rio Olympics bronze medallist Sakshi Malik are among the other Indian stars in the fray .
Current Olympic and World champion Helen Maroulis of the US will also make her first appearance in the PWL .
Wrestling Federation of India ( WFI ) chief Brijbhushan Sharan Singh asserted that Sushil 's participation will help to improve the popularity of the PWL .
`` Sushil has added a lot to the wrestling hall of fame in the history of Indian wrestling . His debut in PWL is a good sign that will inspire budding wrestlers , '' he said .
However , Sushil may face a strong challenge in the PWL as the 74-kilogram weight category includes former European Champion Jabrayil Hasanov , Olympic medallist Akzhurek Tanatarov , Asian Champion Bekzod Abdurakhmonov , Olympian Jakob Makarashvili and Georgian star Tariel Gaprindashvili .
After Hitting Record Low In December , African-American Unemployment Rate Rises U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January , a big improvement from December . The Labor Department report , released Friday morning , showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1 % . But there was one surprise : African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December .
So OBJ , Sterling Shepard , Victor Cruz , and Roger Lewis flew to Miami last night , went clubbing , and are on a boat . Living life . # Giants pic.twitter.com/SE6QqfuYfT — Justin Witmondt ( @ JustinWitmondt ) January 2 , 2017
The New York Giants crushed the Washington Redskins ' playoff hopes by pulling off the upset on Sunday . To celebrate , Odell Beckham Jr. , Sterling Shepard , Victor Cruz and Roger Lewis hit up Miami . And wore boots on a boat with Trey Songz .
If that picture looks familiar …
Warning : Video contains some explicit language .
# PressPlay : # TreySongz having fun with # OdellBeckhamJr and other # NYGiants teammates in Miami A video posted by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Jan 2 , 2017 at 11:53am PST
Justin Bieber was also involved at a club party . If at this point you 're wondering why Johnny Manziel was n't there — do n't worry , he was , per TMZ .
Video of Justin Bieber out in Miami , Florida this morning . ( January 2 ) pic.twitter.com/ehs83DpvcP — JustinBieberCrew.com ( @ JBCrewdotcom ) January 2 , 2017
Not exactly a low-key Sunday night .
Beckham and the Giants have a playoff game in Green Bay on Sunday so marquee players blowing off steam in this fashion will be a hot topic .
The video also appears to contain an off-screen party declining Adderall , which seems to be a responsible choice .
[ NJ.com ]
© CC BY-SA 3.0 Ardfern
and pro-British counterparts .
© John Wight
3,600 people were killed
© Sputnik/ Nikolai Gorshkov
There are places the very names of which conjure an association with the best and worst of humanity , synonymous with suffering , struggle , and the determination and obdurate refusal of the human spirit to be crushed under the wheels of injustice.Belgrade , Sarajevo , Gaza , Jenin , Soweto , Belfast , and Derry are cities , towns and places where ordinary men and women have forged history neither by choice nor design but as a consequence of circumstances not of their choosing . And with this in mind , on a recent trip to Derry in Ireland I was reminded of something Bertolt Brecht wrote : `` Because things are they way they are , things will not stay the way they are . `` Situated close to the border with the Irish Republic , Derry ( Londonderry to those who adhere to its status as part of the UK ) , occupies a place in history much larger than its size should allow it . It was here in 1689 where the struggle for the throne of England between the Catholic incumbent , King James II of England ( James VII of Scotland ) and Holland 's Protestant Prince William of Orange over the succession to the throne was immortalized.Known to history as the Glorious Revolution , Ireland - an English colony - was key in the outcome , with Derry in particular playing a crucial role when , culminating in a ritual 'Shutting of the Gates ' at various points around the city 's wonderfully preserved ancient city wall.In more recent times - 30 January 1972 , to be precise - Derry was the site of , in an event known as Bloody Sunday , where they constitute a majority , and throughout the partitioned statelet officially known as Northern Ireland , where they are a minority , The injustice this enshrined was the catalyst for the formation of the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association ( NICRA ) in 1967 , inspired by the black civil rights movement being led by Martin Luther King Jr in the southern states of the US at that time . The Irish civil rights movement was brutally attacked and bludgeoned by loyalist thugs masquerading as police officers for the crime of peacefully marching and protesting with the aim of redressing decades of wrongs inflicted on the province 's Catholic and Irish nationalist citizens.The culmination of the campaign of violence mounted to crush the movement was , as mentioned , Bloody Sunday . It was a murderous day , As for the psychological and spiritual scars of the conflict , those are impossible to accurately quantify , though if Spike 's story is anything to go by there is hope.Now in his late forties , in his early twenties Spike was sent to the province as a soldier in the Scots Guards of the British Army , deployed as part of Her Majesty 's occupying forces to crush a by now full blown insurgency being waged by the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) , and other republican paramilitary groups , against British rule with the objective of achieving a united Ireland by physical force . The things he witnessed and participated in during his deployment cleaved psychological scars that propelled him into a post-military wasteland of drugs and alcohol abuse.But then , just at the point at which he was about to enter the abyss , Spike began to undergo the process that would lead to him establishing friendships with those he once considered his enemy . And though his own personal journey from man of violence to man of peace has been long and tortuous , it stands as proof thatListening to his story , I was struck by his courage in fighting the most important battle than any man in his position will ever have to fight : recognizing the humanity of former enemies and thereby rediscovering his own humanity.The result is that Spike today is a committed peace activist , poet , and spoken word artist who works with ex-soldiers suffering from the same post-conflict trauma he did . He also rediscovered Ireland not as a part of the world where his enemies lurked , but where new friendships have been forged among those former enemies.Derry is a part of the world where authentic human interaction and community spirit has long been and still is the antidote to adversity and hardship . It has emerged from the Troubles with its people unbowed , committed to remaining on the right side of history.Where Spike once stood against them , now he stands with them . No longer is he a pawn in their game .
London : The famous Big Ben is going to fall silent for four years for a crucial refurbishment project .
The iconic London landmark will stop chiming from August 21 as the Palace of Westminster 's Elizabeth Tower , which houses the clock , undergoes a series of repairs , the Telegraph reported on Monday .
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock .
However , the bell will still strike for important national events such as New Year 's Eve and Remembrance Sunday .
A parliamentary spokesperson said it was necessary to silence the bell to “ ensure the safety of those working in the Tower ” .
Steve Jaggs , Keeper of the Great Clock , said , “ Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project .
“ As Keeper of the Great Clock I have the great honour of ensuring this beautiful piece of Victorian engineering is in top condition on a daily basis . ”
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction . Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday .
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project , the report said .
As part of the works , the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored . The clock 's four dials will be cleaned and repaired , their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished , the Metro reported .
One working clock face will remain visible at all times , telling the time silently and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated .
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell 's familiar tolls will begin again .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A student nurse rescued a man more than twice her age during the recent Cambridge half-marathon .
Georgia-Mae was on track to complete the annual Cambridge race in two hours 15 minutes on behalf of the Samaritans , when she spotted a man in need .
Seven miles from the finishing line at the race on March 4 66-year-old Trevor , who was celebrating his birthday on , stumbled on a pothole and fell over .
The 18-year-old Anglia Ruskin student said : `` He wanted to carry on . He said to me ‘ Why are you stopping ? '
`` I said ‘ I 'm a student nurse and wearing a Samaritan top . I mean , I ca n't stop .
“ We ended up walking for about a mile . He kept on running every so often , then walking , and he had his arm over my shoulder… we made the finishing line in two hours 55 . ''
Georgia-Mae was part of a student team at Anglia Ruskin who trained for the run to raise funds for charity .
Download the Cambridge News app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app here .
After she dropped in on an information evening at Cambridge Samaritans she decided to run on the charity 's behalf , raising over £700 , and become a Samaritan 'listening volunteer ' .
As the race progressed the cross-generation duo ended up helping each other .
She continued : “ The hardest part was stopping and starting , because your legs are so tired .
`` As soon as we stopped , he was saying ‘ Come on , keep running . ' He was so sweet .
“ At the start , I was following him and having trouble keeping up . He was really quick . He had trained really well for it . ''
The experience also made Georgie-Mae realise how important the act of listening is to finding common ground .
“ I found out he came from quite close to my home in Lincolnshire , '' she said .
`` He was amazingly grateful – and at the end his family were too because they knew how much he 'd wanted to do it . Since then he 's sent me messages on Facebook , thanking me .
“ As a student nurse , I have come into contact with so many people from many walks of life , and it has really helped me understand that , sometimes , all it takes is for someone just to stop and listen . ”
Georgia-Mae now hopes others will also consider volunteering and fundraising for the Samaritans .
About Cambridge Samaritans
As a Samaritan , volunteers give at least three hours a week of their time .
Cambridge Samaritans is formed of 140 volunteers from all backgrounds and age groups .
They share a common goal in providing a round-the-clock , safe place to talk for anyone struggling to cope , whoever they are .
To become a qualified listening volunteer Georgia-Mae faces an interview followed by eight three-hour modules of training over nine weeks , then six-months on-the- job training .
She said : “ From just one information evening , and I 'm sure the rest of my training as well , I will have learnt so much more about emotional support , mental health , the organisation , and simply how to listen .
“ Three hours… it really is n't a lot when you think about it .
“ I 'm a student paediatric nurse full-time . I 'm used to working 13-hour days and still having to go home to do everything . More of us could give up three hours a week . ”
More volunteers are needed to answer the increasing number of calls coming in .
If you 're interested in volunteering with Samaritans find out more here .
The next information evening , open to all , is on March 21 at 7.30pm for 8pm at Cambridge Samaritans , 4 Emmanuel Road , Cambridge ( near Drummer Street bus station ) .
( Image : John Stillwell/PA Wire )
How you can get help
“ Life can be tough , ” says branch acting director John McCutcheon . “ At times , emotions can be overwhelming and lead to suicidal thoughts .
Samaritans support you to explore your feelings and options and find your way through . You do n't have to be suicidal to call us . Whatever you 're going through , call us free , any time , from any phone , on 116 123 . ”
A delved into all things 1980s would not be complete without acknowledging bona fide arena rockers , Bon Jovi . After two successful albums , they returned in 1986 with their most notable work , Slippery When Wet . Named after the band 's trip to a strip club ( pretty rockstar stuff ) , it features major hits like ‘ Livin ' On A Prayer ' , ‘ You Give Love A Bad Name ' and ‘ Wanted Dead or Alive ' , in a record which can only be described as a brilliant cliché . With a vocal power unparalleled , the electric guitar laden tracks configure 10 songs which somehow manage to sound all the same but somewhat different at the same time . Although not the crème de la crème of songwriting , it 's undeniable that Slippery When Wet 's biggest tracks are some of the biggest out there in general . I do n't think I 've ever been to a house party where ‘ Livin ' On A Prayer ' has n't been played . It 's definitely one of those intergenerational tracks which wo n't be going anywhere soon . It is n't the 80s if there is n't any cheese and Bon Jovi definitely supply us with more than enough . Named the top selling album of 1987 by Billboard , Slippery When Wet is the most important pop rock record of the decade .
Slippery When Wet was released in 1986 via Vertigo Records
Iran is not alone in suffering from the prolonged drought as it `` is a global trend . ''
As Iran is suffering from severe drought , its officials are struggling to explain the disastrous weather conditions . An Iranian general believes Israel is behind the cloud and snow theft , but meteorologists cast their doubts.Brigadier General Gholam Reza Jalali , head of Iran 's Civil Defense Organization , accused the Islamic Republic 's old regional adversary , Israel , of taking the lead in `` suspicious '' climate change in the country . The general says researches have proof that Tel-Aviv , with some allies , are putting a crimp in precipitation on Iranian soil.Jalali told a news conference on Monday as cited by Isna . He added that Iranian research centers can `` confirm '' the claim.Pinning the blame on Tel Aviv , he said that `` joint teams from Israel and one of the neighboring countries make the clouds entering into Iran barren . Moreover , we are faced with the cases of cloud theft and snow theft . '' In a bid to cement his statement , Jalali cited the results of a survey showing thatregarding the claim , sayingJalali `` probably has documents of which I am not aware , but on the basis of meteorological knowledge , it is not possible for a country to steal snow or clouds , '' the head of Iran 's meteorological service Ahad Vazife , said as quoted by Isna.Another Iranian researcher still left the door open for the cause of the drought , saying
Perhaps no Indian has ever identified A.R . Rahman by his religion . Photo : PTI
In 2005 , a bomb blast in Sankat Mochan temple in Varanasi killed 10 and injured 40 people . Lashkar-e-Qasab , an offshoot of Pakistan-based terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba claimed responsibility for the attacks . Ten years later , the Pakistani ghazal legend Ghulam Ali performed at Sankat Mochan Sangeet for its annual music festival . That night , facing the sanctorum in a packed temple courtyard , Ali sang , among other things , about clandestine love affairs and the pains of partition , despite protests by far-right regional party Shiv Sena before and during the concert .
If the relevance of an art form is in breaking barriers , music is the most transcendental of them all . Perhaps this is owing to the fact that the impact of a song is more immediate than film , painting or literature , its interaction with the receiver so visceral that it leaves little room for prejudice .
Composer Shantanu Moitra recalls meeting someone during a visit to the USA a few years back who described A.R . Rahman as a “ Muslim composer ” .
“ I remember thinking how I 've never heard of any Indian identifying Rahman by his religion , ” says Moitra . Coke Studio Pakistan continues to enjoy a massive following among Indians so far unmatched by its Indian counterpart .
Diversity is coded in our musical DNA . Hindustani classical music has itself evolved through centuries of cultural exchange between Hinduism and Islam ; the khyal , one of its freer forms , is considered to have been born out of the experimentation of two Muslim musicians in the court of a Mughal emperor . And even though Carnatic classical , the other branch of Indian classical music , is distinct for its absence of Islamic influences , the commonalities shared between Hindustani and Carnatic are more than its differences .
In music , we are more accepting of blending high and low culture . The classical template frequently permeates even the most popular of our musical idioms , which is film music . The world of film music has accommodated everything and everyone — from Goan folk to disco , from Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan to Yo Yo Honey Singh . It switches register depending on the popular tastes of the time without compromising on the basic core of Indian melody .
When it comes to music , it would seem , we are even a little more egalitarian . The current debate about nepotism in the Hindi film industry is far less applicable to Hindi film music because it is , by default , more merit-based . Every music label and producer wants an Arijit Singh song in their film simply because he sells . If we consider the last three decades of Hindi film music , the stars of playback singing—Arijit Singh , Shreya Ghosal , Sunidhi Chauhan , or even earlier , Kumar Sanu , Udit Narayan , Alka Yagnik—and music composition—Amit Trivedi , Pritam , Vishal Bhardwaj , Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy —they have all been “ outsiders ” .
Indian classical music , which has had the reputation of being elitist , has tried to make itself accessible to the people over the years . Musician and activist T.M . Krishna is taking the Carnatic tradition from its Brahmanical milieu to fishing villages .
The internet has democratized things further , according to vocalist and music educator Mahesh Kale , who won the National award for Best Singer ( Male ) in 2016 for his work in Katyar Kaljat Ghusali . Kale lives in the San Francisco and has several Turkish , Pakistani and Afghan students . When he is travelling , he teaches them on Skype . In an interview a few years ago , he 'd told me : “ Anyone who puts in work in classical music will get the returns . One does n't need to have a legacy or privilege , ” he had said , “ Music kisiki jaagir nahi hai , ( Music is n't a family heirloom ) . ”
If India was like its music , we 'd be sorted .
TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - Friday was National Wear Red for Women 's Heart Health Day .
Scroll for more content ...
It draws attention to a dangerous trend .
Locally , people gathered for High Tea for the Heart .
The event is a fundraiser for the Union Health Foundation to support women 's heart education .
There was a style show put on by local businesses .
Free heart health screenings were also available .
This year 's event sold out .
Introducing Parduman Shahpuri the irrepressible defense lawyer of Kuldip Patwal flamboyant , fearless and in all his glory .
The character is sure to steal a scene or two . It plays to the gallery with in-your-face attitude and forthright honesty , it seems .
Watch the video here :
We 're told he brings up the issues of ‘ service charge ' in restaurants , fights for the farmers ' rights and is supposedly a ‘ champion of the poor ' in the film .
Trending :
And , of course , he fights to defend ‘ Kuldip Patwal ' ( Deepak Dobriyal in the titular role ) who 's charged with the murder of the Chief Minister played by Parvin Dabas .
Looks wickedly interesting . Wo n't be surprised if “ Parduman Shahpuri ' becomes a movie in itself ! Take a look at the brilliant clip from the film .
Kuldip Patwal : I did n't do it ! is releasing in the UK on 18th August under the banner of Rectangle Media . It 's produced and directed by Remy Kohli .
​
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United would be willing to sell David de Gea to Real Madrid but only if they get Gareth Bale in return , according ot reports .
Real 's interest in De Gea is a popular line during summer transfer windows and the Old Trafford club fully expect Los Blancos to come knocking again at the end of the season .
The move went close three years ago and with his contract up in 2019 it could be their best chance in a while to get him .
Spanish website Don Balon claim the only way De Gea is going to the Bernabeu is if Bale comes the other way .
However , back in January , De Gea insisted he was happy at United in a bid to deflect links with a return to the Spanish capital .
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : Man Utd via Getty Images )
Manchester United legend Alex Ferguson inspiring Jose Mourinho
Jose Mourinho is already plotting how to catch Manchester City next season — after taking his lead from Man United predecessor Sir Alex Ferguson .
Ferguson admitted Mourinho 's Chelsea forced his Red Devils to up their game when the Special One led the Londoners to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 .
Now , Mourinho finds himself in a similar position with Pep Guardiola 's City , conceding United will have to step up a significant level next season if they are to bridge a gap that stands at 15 points with 13 games to go .
( Image : AMA/WBA FC via Getty )
“ I always remember Sir Alex said in 2005-06 , when we won the second title with Chelsea , that we [ United ] need to improve a lot because they 've raised the bar to such a level , ” said Mourinho , whose United side host struggling Huddersfield on Saturday .
“ They [ Chelsea ] won two titles in a row - the second title was easier than the first - and then the biggest manager in the Premier League said United needed to improve a lot .
Full story here
Jose Mourinho concedes Man United are fighting to be 'first of the last '
Jose Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City - with 13 games left of the Premier League campaign .
Manchester United 's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham left them 15 points behind Pep Guardiola 's runaway leaders , with Mourinho conceding his side are now in a battle to be `` the first of the last '' .
United host Huddersfield tomorrow and Mourinho admitted his side now to focus their attention on ensuring they secure a top-four spot , with fifth-placed Spurs just five points behind them .
`` The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last , '' said Mourinho .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : AFP )
`` We have to try to finish second . We are in this position all season — we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second .
`` I do n't remember us being fourth , fifth or sixth . We have been there since the beginning of the season , better than last season in every aspect - points , position , number of goals scored , number of goals conceded , better in everything .
`` So we have to try to stay there and it 's not easy , because there are very good teams around us . Chelsea are champions again , and a had a fantastic market , Liverpool is a great team , Arsenal improved a lot in the market .
`` Tottenham is a fantastic team and are five points behind us , so we 're doing quite well , with some negative moments - Wednesday was one . It 's very important to do better than last season and try to win something and , if not , do better . ''
Behind That Bonkers Golden Knights Pregame Show : 'We Threw Everything On The Wall '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bruce Bennett/Getty Images Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
Let 's dispense with the obvious first : This is not your typical ice hockey pregame show .
Watch virtually any team but the Vegas Golden Knights , and you 'll find the performance before the game pretty straightforward . There 's the highlight reel on the Jumbotron above center ice , the overloud pump-up song , the dimmed lights — yada yada yada — then bam , the home team takes the ice as the fans above the rink erupt in ear-splitting cheers . Simple , right ?
What happens in Vegas is not simple .
YouTube
Take a gander at the video above , if you happened to miss Game 1 of the team 's Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals . There was a live-action medieval sword fight , there was a drum corps sporting neon visors straight out of Star Trek , and of course — for reasons somehow both baffling and perfectly apt — there was a giant , firework-spitting helmet .
There was even an introduction from `` Let 's get rrrrready to rumble ! '' himself , legendary boxing emcee Michael Buffer .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
`` The No . 1 thing that we 're doing is creating home ice advantage , '' Jonny Greco , Vegas ' vice president of entertainment production , tells NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly .
He and his colleagues are the ones tasked with finding the right way to represent the Vegas Golden Knights , a brand-new team that , as an expansion franchise , had never even played an NHL game before this season . They 've been designing pregame shows all season .
Now the team has managed the miraculous and made it to the Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals — and Greco says the tall task remains the same .
`` We want to create an atmosphere that give our boys on the ice a little extra oomph , a little extra volume , a little extra cheering from the fans . ''
And because they 're in Vegas , naturally they decided to do it with , well , a little extra .
`` We threw everything on the wall , '' says Greco , who previously had some experience with just that as a live events director for professional wrestling . `` Do we want to go traditional — which is great and is no-frills — or do we want to go Vegas ? Because we also talked about going uber-Vegas . ''
What exactly is `` uber-Vegas ? '' Perhaps it 's just best to list the few things that did n't make it into the show — but , frankly , were still under discussion :
An Elvis impersonator as PA announcer
Showgirls on ice skates
A live tiger
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Even with the slightly understated version they settled on — and admittedly we 're kind of stretching the definition of `` understated '' here — ice hockey fans elsewhere have reacted with their fair share of ambivalence . As it turns out , fans of a sport famed for its stoic players have occasionally had unkind things to say about the blowout display .
`` Cheesy and dumb , '' declared one critic . `` Tacky , '' cried another . A third had this biting verdict : `` Thanks for ruining hockey further . '' And there are plenty more critics out there . Those notes are all comments on a single tweet from the NHL on Monday
But Greco says he is satisfied his intended audience gets it .
`` That 's the beauty of art , right ? If everyone did the same show , it would just get kind of numb . It 's important to change . And it 's good to not like things — that 's OK , '' he says . `` But we had to honor the city . ''
Not long ago , nearly everyone dismissed the Golden Knights as little more than a bunch of supporting cast members , little-known extras deemed expendable by their previous teams . Now , they 're introduced with rousing statements over the loudspeakers about how nobody believed in them .
It seems suitable that when they take the ice for Game 2 on Wednesday , the Golden Knights will be the main event of a spectacle fit for Vegas .
`` You do n't see that anywhere else , right ? It 's unique and special . I think it works . I think it 's good entertainment , '' the team 's starting goalie , Marc-Andre Fleury , said Monday . `` Once we step on the ice and people in the crowd are excited and into it already — I think it 's awesome . ''
Sure , we could have done another generic interview with K-Pop superstars BTS when we caught up with the guys in Las Vegas recently , but what would the fun in that be ?
So because we love a good time as much as BTS does , we decided to play a little game with the guys backstage at the Billboard Music Awards . We laid out some emojis and had the group react to a few of our favorite topics . We asked them to hold up the emojis as reactions to Michael Jackson , Taco Bell , frozen food , and more . Watch what happened :
Meanwhile , the group 's incredible success in the United States continues . Their latest single , `` Fake Love , '' just reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 this week . It 's the first time that a K-Pop track has broken the top 10 . How high will it climb on the charts ? We 'll have to wait and see !
“ Fake Love , '' of course , appears on their new album , Love Yourself : Tear . The album just became the first foreign-language LP to top the Billboard 200 in 12 years . You can get your copy ( as if you did n't already have it ) by clicking here .
Want more from the biggest boy band in the world ? Do n't worry ! Keep checking back because we 'll have more from our time backstage with BTS very soon .
UP NEXT : BTS Mimic Iconic Dance Moves From Michael Jackson , Beyonce , * NSYNC & More
Meanwhile , K-Pop superstars BTS are known for their own jaw-dropping dance moves . But what happens when they 're put to the ultimate dance challenge and asked to show off moves from other iconic artists ? Find out in this exclusive video :
In many cases , less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions . For example , fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to , compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees . Likewise , nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads .
DANVILLE , Va. - Starting inside the parking garage downtown , Bright Leaf Segway Tours take you throughout Danville for 90 minutes or an hour on the Riverwalk Trail .
`` The city of Danville has been exceptionally good at helping us get this up and running , '' co-owner Berkeley Bidgood said .
`` It 's a great feeling to be able to bring this to Danville , '' co-owner Lori Bidgood said .
Danville natives Berkeley Bidgood and his wife , Lori , said the Segway tours in Richmond inspired them to start tours in Danville .
`` We were going to move to Richmond , decided not to , saw Segway of Richmond and decided this was something we probably ought to try here first , '' Berkeley said .
He said he 's heard a lot of positive feedback about the tours in Danville .
They 're currently available by appointment only .
`` We 'll be willing to come down seven days a week , '' Lori said .
You have to wear closed-toed shoes and be at least 14 years old .
A 30-minute training session on the segways is offered before each tour .
`` It 's easier than learning to ride a bike , '' Lori said . `` It 's very unusual ; it 's an unusual feeling . But after about 10 minutes on it , people are zipping around and going up and down hills . It 's just a lot of fun . ''
Joyce Wilburn offers walking tours around Danville to teach people about the city 's history .
She is excited about the Segways .
`` I just love this . This is taking our walking tours to a whole different level . Now , you can ride and have fun while you 're learning , '' Wilburn said .
A perfect segue into the future of learning about the city 's past .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
I have to admit that , before a friend posted this video to my Facebook wall , I had never heard of repair cafés . I had no idea this was a trend , but I 'm thrilled that it is .
I immediately thought of several appliances and motorized tools that I would love to repair , but I 'm too clueless to troubleshoot and fix what may be wrong with them . If I could take them to one of these repair cafés and work with someone who knows what they 're doing , I would get these devices fixed , learn more about them , and how to maintain and fix them in the future . I would also be supporting a local makery endeavour and the so-called “ perennial philosophy ” ( trying to keep the material objects in your life alive for as long as possible ) . Pure win !
The repair café concept appears to have originated in Amsterdam and has a much larger presence in Europe . There is a repair café .org website and a world map of registered cafés .
It looks like some cafés are permanent locations ( basically a makerspace ) while others are pop-up events that happen in churches , libraries , and other community spaces . Since there are so many maker/hackerspaces in cities and towns these days , and so many libraries doing makerspaces , hosting repair café nights seems like a no-brainer . And they seem like such a great way to do something fun , useful , and educational for the local community .
Repair cafés have gotten some heat for potentially taking work away from established repair businesses and technicians , but organizers of these cafés argue that , on the contrary , encouraging people to repair rather than toss creates an overall culture of sustainability , repair , and maintenance that benefits everyone in the long run .
[ H/t Don Webb ]
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
House prices went into reverse in May as a faltering economy , pressure on household budgets and the prospect of interest rate rises dogged the market .
Figures from Nationwide Building Society show prices fell 0.2 % month-on-month , the third fall in four months .
On an annual basis , price growth slowed to 2.4 % from 2.6 % in April .
Robert Gardner , Nationwide 's chief economist , said : `` There are few signs of an imminent change . Surveyors continue to report subdued levels of new buyer enquiries , while the supply of properties on the market remains more of a trickle than a torrent .
`` Looking further ahead , much will depend on how broader economic conditions evolve , especially in the labour market , but also with respect to interest rates .
`` Subdued economic activity and ongoing pressure on household budgets is likely to continue to exert a modest drag on housing market activity and house price growth this year , though borrowing costs are likely to remain low . ''
The average house price stood at £213,618 in May , slightly up from April 's £213,000 .
Limbo for property
Nationwide 's figures chime with official data that point to a slowing market , driven by London .
Recent figures from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) shows British house prices slid in March , with the capital recording its weakest performance since 2009 .
The statistics body said the decline in London can be linked to reforms to stamp duty and the Brexit vote , which has deterred foreign buyers and seen net migration to the city fall .
`` Tight supply and subdued demand are the key contributors to the ongoing limbo gripping the UK property market , '' said Jonathan Samuels , chief executive of property lender Octane Capital .
`` The property market is fuelled by confidence but many consumers are running on fumes . ''
A bus carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames .
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus and they were told to get off , Nine Network reported .
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time .
There were no immediate reports of injury .
RELATED : Aussies flock to Anzac Cove to pay their respects
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir , about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire .
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle .
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames .
According to Nine , the Australian company organising the Dawn Service , Definitive Events , took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided .
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today 's dawn service .
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives .
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people .
More to come .
BOSTON ( AP ) — Prosecutors have asked a judge to let jurors consider a lesser charge in the murder trial of a man accused of killing a 2-year-old girl who became known as Baby Doe after her body washed up on a Boston Harbor beach .
Prosecutors on Tuesday asked that the jury be allowed to consider involuntary manslaughter in Michael McCarthy 's trial . The defense objected to the request .
McCarthy is charged with killing Bella Bond . The girl 's mother , Rachelle Bond , says McCarthy punched the girl in the abdomen repeatedly until she died in 2015 .
McCarthy 's lawyer says Bond killed the girl .
Advertisement
The mother pleaded guilty to being an accessory after the fact for helping dispose of the body .
A composite image of Bella was shared by millions of people on social media after her body was found on Deer Island in June 2015 .
Behind Turkish Arrest Warrant for Ex CIA Graham Fuller
The Office of the Istanbul Prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for two “ former ” CIA agents , accusing them of involvement in the failed July 2016 coup attempt against the government of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . US media and various Washington think-tanks have dismissed the charges as “ implausible ” and a “ likely tit-for-tat ” response of Erdoğan for the arrest by US authorities of Reza Zarrab , a Turkish-Iranian gold trader accused of violating US sanctions against Iran . Clearly is there is far more behind the accusations than is being said so far .
On December 1 , Turkish prosecutors issued an arrest warrant for Graham E. Fuller , former head of the CIA 's National Intelligence Council and former CIA head of the Middle East and East Asia operations . The warrant claims Fuller was in the vicinity of Istanbul the night of the coup attempt at a meeting with another top “ former ” CIA person , Henri Barkey . It claims both CIA veterans were meeting at the five-star Splendid Hotel on the island of Büyükada some 20 minutes boat ride from Istanbul .
What 's notable about the charge is the degree of involvement of Fuller with the reclusive Turkish cult leader , Fetullah Gülen , now in exile at an estate in Saylorsburg , Pennsylvania since he was forced to flee Turkey in 1998 to escape trial for treason against the state .
“ One of the Most Encouraging Faces of Islam… ”
In July , 2016 , less than a week after Erdoğan accused the vast Turkish network of Gülen for being behind the coup , of using a network of senior military officers who had been recruited into the Gülen organization , Fuller wrote for Huffington Post a fulsome praise of Gülen titled , “ The Gulen Movement Is Not a Cult ; It 's One of the Most Encouraging Faces of Islam Today. ” In it Fuller wrote ,
“ I believe it is unlikely that Gulen was the mastermind behind the dramatic failed coup attempt against Erdoğan last week… ”
Fuller goes on to admit he formally backed granting Gülen special US visa status in 2006 :
“ Full disclosure : It is on public record that I wrote a letter as a private citizen in connection with Gülen 's US green card application in 2006 stating that I did not believe that Gülen constituted a security threat to the US… ”
Fuller 's “ full disclosure ” then however omits the fact that it was not merely a casual letter of recommendation to a man Fuller claimed he had met only once . Fuller 's endorsement of Gülen 's Green Card application was so influential that he managed to override the no votes of the FBI , of attorneys for the US State Department and Homeland Security . In the Gülen hearings , State Department attorneys stated ,
“ Because of the large amount of money that Gülen 's movement uses to finance his projects , there are claims that he has secret agreements with Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Turkic governments . There are suspicions that the CIA is a co-payer in financing these projects . ”
Gülen in NATO 's Gladio
The ties between Fetullah Gülen and the CIA go way back to the 1980 's when Gülen was recruited to be active in a Turkish right-wing NATO “ Gladio ” network codenamed Counter-Guerrilla . Gülen broadcast over the CIA 's Radio Free Europe into the Islamic regions of the Soviet Union .
Counter-Guerrilla members were responsible for a series of far-right terrorist attacks in Turkey and facilitated a bloody US-backed 1980 military coup . Indeed , in a little slip , in his July 2016 defense of Gülen , Fuller writes in praise about Gülen that ,
“ He even felt compelled to support the military takeover of the state in 1980 in order to preserve the state… ”
That US-instigated 1980 coup , as Fuller well knows , established a military dictatorship under General Kenan Evren in which 650,000 people were detained , 230,000 people trialed , all political parties , unions and foundations were closed , 171 were killed under custody , hundreds of thousands people were tortured , and thousands are still missing . A former senior US intelligence official later reported that as the 1980 coup was underway , then President Jimmy Carter was informed by an aide who said , “ Our boys have done it. ” And Gülen , the peaceful Muslim , endorsed that brutal CIA coup .
Gülen and CIA English Teachers
In the post-Soviet chaos of the 1990 's in Central Asia the CIA used Gülen and his moderate Islam image to build one of their most extensive networks of subversion reaching across the entire so-called Turkic region of former Soviet Central Asia including Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan and even into the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in the People 's Republic of China , where ethnic Uyghurs have been recruited via Turkey to wage terror in Syria in recent years .
In 2011 , Osman Nuri Gündeş , former head of Foreign Intelligence for the Turkish MIT ( the “ Turkish CIA ” ) and chief intelligence adviser in the mid-1990s to Prime Minister Tansu Çiller , published a book that was only released in Turkish . In the book , Gündeş , then 85 and retired , revealed that , during the 1990s , the Gülen schools then growing up across Eurasia were providing a base for hundreds of CIA agents under cover of being “ native-speaking English teachers. ” According to Gündeş , the Gülen movement “ sheltered 130 CIA agents ” at its schools in Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan alone . The CIA “ teachers , ” he added , submitted reports to an arm of the Pentagon .
Gülen 's organization had been active in destabilizing newly-independent Muslim republics of the former Soviet Union from the moment the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , when the nominally Muslim Central Asian former Soviet republics declared their independence from Moscow . Gülen was named by one former FBI authoritative source as “ one of the main CIA operation figures in Central Asia and the Caucasus . ”
Who is G. Fuller ?
Even Fuller himself admits that the Gülen organization had some two million members in Turkey on the eve of the July 2016 coup . They had systematically infiltrated and largely controlled national policy , the judiciary , national education and the military . Moreover , Fuller 's CIA associate , Henri Barkey , also under arrest warrant , admitted following the failed coup that he had been in the Istanbul area the night of the coup .
Allegedly , Turkish authorities now have evidence that Fuller was also there and reportedly flown out of Istanbul across the border to safety in Greece as it became obvious the coup was failing . The Istanbul prosecutor 's office reportedly determined that Fuller had direct contact with former CIA official Henri Barkey and other suspects involved in the coup attempt . Both Barkey and Fuller , who both co-authored a book on Turkey titled Turkey 's Kurdish Question , are accused of organizing a meeting at Splendid Hotel in Büyükada , a 20 minute boat ride from Istanbul on the day of the coup in July 15 2016 .
To read Fuller 's words on news of the Turkish arrest warrant , one would come away with the impression that Graham Fuller was a minor CIA figure . He wrote ,
“ I served only once in Turkey…as the most junior officer in the CIA Base in Istanbul in the mid 1960s . I met Gülen exactly once in my life , long years after retiring from CIA , in an interview I conducted with him 15 years ago in Istanbul . ”
Fuller may have been junior CIA officer in Istanbul in the 1960 's ; careers begin somewhere . However he did n't stay so for long .
By 1982 the CIA named him National Intelligence Officer for the Near East and South Asia . This was in the early years of the CIA Operation Cyclone , the vast CIA covert war in Afghanistan using Mujahideen and using Saudi Osama bin Laden to recruit fanatical jihadist terrorists from the Arab world to kill Soviet soldiers and bog the USSR into what Zbigniew Brzezinski and others referred to as the Soviet 's own Vietnam . Graham Fuller was certainly involved in that CIA Afghan war . He was Kabul CIA Station Chief until 1978 , on the eve of the CIA 's launch of their Mujahideen Operation Cyclone .
Then Fuller was posted to CIA Langley where by 1982 the CIA appointed him National Intelligence Officer for the Near East and South Asia , which included bin Laden 's Saudi Arabia as well as Afghanistan and Pakistan and Turkey . In 1986 , the CIA appointed Graham Fuller vice-chairman of the National Intelligence Council , where he presumably was in a deciding role in the entire Afghan war and more .
In 1987 according to the New York Times , Fuller as vice-chair of the CIA National Intelligence Council wrote an “ instrumental ” memo advising what became the explosive Iran-Contra scandal , in which the CIA would arrange covert arms sales to Iran to feed the US-orchestrated Iran-Iraq War and use the proceeds to illegally fund the Nicaragua right-wing Contras . In 1988 as media began to investigate the illegal Iran-Contra details , Fuller left his very senior CIA for a post with the Pentagon and CIA-tied RAND corporation where he remained until 2000 . Some suspect it was to get out of the Congressional Iran-Contra limelight .
Gülen , Fuller and Central Asia Geopolitics
Notably , while at RAND he co-authored a highly revealing book with Paul B. Henze in 1993 titled Turkey 's New Geopolitics : From the Balkans to Western China . The book describes precisely the geopolitical network that Gülen has been accused of creating with the CIA after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Henze was also a key CIA figure in the Turkish coup in 1980 that Fuller describes positively in connection with Gülen .
In the US Congressional Record , Fuller is quoted as saying ,
“ The policy of guiding the evolution of Islam and of helping them against our adversaries worked marvelously well in Afghanistan against the Red Army . The same doctrines can still be used to destabilize what remains of Russian power . ”
In this context highly interesting is an interview in 2011 , by the Washington Post with Graham Fuller . There Fuller categorically denied charges by former head of Turkish MIT intelligence that Gülen schools across Central Asia served as cover for CIA agents to infiltrate the Muslim republics of former Soviet Union . Fuller stated ,
“ I think the story of 130 CIA agents in Gulen schools in Central Asia is pretty wild . ”
Yet Fuller , the former CIA senior official responsible for operations in East Asia and the Middle East wrote a book in 2007 titled The New Turkish Republic : Turkey as a Pivotal State in the Muslim World . At the center of the book was praise for Gülen and his “ moderate ” Islamic Gülen Movement in Turkey :
“ Gülen 's charismatic personality makes him the number one Islamic figure of Turkey . The Gülen Movement has the largest and most powerful infrastructure and financial resources of any movement in the country . . . The movement has also become international by virtue of its far-flung system of schools . . . in more than a dozen countries including the Muslim countries of the former Soviet Union , Russia , France and the United States . ”
Then Fuller went on in the 2011 Washington Post interview to deny ever knowing George Fidas , a 31-year-long fellow career CIA senior officer and co-signer with Fuller of the letter asking the US State Department to admit Gülen on a special visa :
“ I did not recommend him ( Gülen-w.e . ) for a residence permit or anything else . As for George Fidas , I have never even heard of him and do n't know who he is . ”
Would so prominent a figure as Graham Fuller , former top CIA official bother to sign an appeal for Fetullah Gülen , a man he claims he met only once , and not examine who else signs ? Highly implausible .
More unlikely , as another co-signer of the Gülen US visa appeal was former Istanbul US Ambassador Morton Abramowitz whose career , like that of Fuller , has involved him with both the Afghan Mujahideen networks . In 1986 as Fuller was running oversight of the Afghan Mujahideen from his senior post at CIA , Abramowitz , as Assistant Secretary of State for intelligence and research in the Reagan administration , helped arrange delivery of the Stinger missiles to the Mujahideen . Abramowitz later co-founded the George Soros-funded International Crisis Group that played a key role in justifying the illegal 1999 US bombing of Serbia and later became a director of the CIA-linked National Endowment for Democracy .
Whatever the outcome of the Turkish charges against Graham Fuller and his close former CIA associate , Henri Barkey , for their alleged involvement in the failed July 15 , 2016 Turkish coup d'etat , it clearly throws a major spotlight of world attention on the relation between the CIA and the Fetullah Gülen organization . To open that can of worms could help fumigate more than thirty years of covert Central Asia and other CIA operations with Osama bin Laden , opium trade , Kosovo drug mafia , Turkish dirty CIA operations and far more . Little wonder Graham Fuller writes a blog with the pathetic title , “ Why did Turkey Issue an Arrest Warrant Against Me ? ”
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer , he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics , exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ” where this article was originally published .
Featured image is from the author .
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/the-cia-fetullah-gulen-and-turkeys-failed-july-2016-coup/5622321
Morrisons is to sell the UK 's longest sausage roll – for just £1 .
The supermarket has launched the Foot Long Sausage Roll , believed to be the largest in the UK .
At one foot long and weighing in at nearly half a kilogram , the store claims the sausage roll is double the length and four times the weight of some high street competitors .
Available from August 7 from the supermarket on Newland Street , the Foot Long Sausage Roll is freshly baked in-store by its Market Street bakers , made with seasoned pork meat and wrapped in a crisp , golden flaky pastry .
The sausage roll has to be served on a special tray that holds its weight , rather than being served in just the traditional paper bag .
Morrisons has created the Foot Long Sausage Roll after listening to its customers , who said that they wanted a bigger version of the British classic .
At only £1 , the jumbo-sized British favourite can be bought hot and ready-to-eat from Morrisons Pie Shop counters on Market Street . It could be enjoyed as part of a picnic , shared with the family , or eaten by customers with big appetites .
The sausage roll is being launched in time for the start of the football season to be the ultimate match day pie experience .
Rolex China Sea Race - First time entry Shanghai seeks crew
Shanghai at China Cup © China Cup / Studio Borlenghi Shanghai at China Cup © China Cup / Studio Borlenghi http : //www.carloborlenghi.net/
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/156414
by RHKYC today at 8:10 amShanghai 's owner and skipper , Zhu Li Xiong is a veteran sailor with 33 years of experience and he will be joined on the Race by a core crew of eight ranging in age from 28 to 35 . The team have participated in a slew of top races in China including the China Cup , Round Hainan Regatta , Taihu Cup Sailing Regatta , Liuzhou Cup and the Si'nan Cup Regatta . They have also raced at the King 's Cup in Thailand.This will be the first time Shanghai will compete in the Rolex China Sea Race. “ We have been following the Rolex China Sea Race for years , and with an increase in Chinese entries in the last few editions and great reviews and encouragement from Li Li a passionate Chinese sailor and integral part of DongFeng Volvo Ocean Race Management Team , we have entered ! We trust her professional judgement and look forward to competing. ” said Zhu Li Xiong.With only seven months to go until the start of the race and a call out on one of China 's major social media platforms , WeChat , Zhu is on the search for new Chinese crew to join his team . Zhu commented , “ In the lead up to the race we will setup a series of special training for our crew and enter various races in China including the Shanghai Dianshan Lake Race.Zhu acknowledges the challenges before him , saying “ the Rolex China Sea Race is a Category 1 Offshore Race which is quite different from the races we have taken part in before . We would like to increase our offshore experience and we are expecting that this offshore race will bring us a lot of excitement . In addition , it is our honour to be able to meet international sailors and we ca n't wait to share our experience with them. ” Zhu agrees that Mainland China is still in a start up position in competitive yachting compared to Hong Kong and Europe and adds that Chinese sailors need more professional training and time to learn from experience . They are pleased that the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club has launched a WeChat social media platform which they believe will reach more Chinese sailors who would love to know more about the Rolex China Sea Race and enter.If you are interested in joining team Shanghai , please contact the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club Sailing Office.The Notice of Race for the 2018 Rolex China Sea Race starting on 28 March 2018 is available online at www.rolexchinasearace.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Love Island 's new arrival Mike Thalassitis is set to ruffle quite a few feathers when he turns up at the villa in tonight 's episode .
The semi-pro footballer has got his eye firmly on Jessica Shears - despite her having sealed the deal with Dom Lever in Tuesday night 's episode .
Speaking to Mirror TV , Mike revealed : `` At first look , Jess is a bit of me .
`` Olivia Attwood and Amber Davies are also really good-looking but personality is really important .
( Photo : ITV Picture Desk )
( Photo : ITV Picture Desk )
`` I could n't be with Jessica if we were having boring conversation . I want to have a laugh and enjoy the girl 's company . ''
It does n't sound like Mike is going to go for the Chris Hughes approach when it comes to stealing girls off the guys in the villa though .
Speaking about Chris , he told us : `` Each to their own , it 's not my approach . ''
( Photo : ITV )
He added : `` I 'm a pretty straight up guy , but I 'll wait until I 've got a vibe off the girl before I tread on anyone 's toes .
`` But if i thought there was something there I 'd be straight with the guy . ''
* Love Island continues on ITV2 tonight at 9pm
SANTA CLARA , Calif. — February 1 , 2018 — Frost & Sullivan 's analysis , Industrial IoT Driving Manufacturing Innovations , reveals the most impactful technologies that are transforming factories into a smarter environment through the whole platform of connectivity . With cyber-physical system advancements transforming the manufacturing sector , Industrial Internet of Things ( IIoT ) will create a high impact in the near future . The whole concept is advancing in terms of functionalities and user-friendly software solutions , enabling multiple applications to serve the rapidly changing demands of end users in diverse industries .
“ The ability of IIoT to provide real-time data and perform monitoring and tracking functionalities will lead to smart factories of the future that are fully connected , eco-friendly , and driven by improved productivity and efficiency . IIoT establishes a strong connectivity between the operational and digital platforms , ” explained Ranjana Lakshmi , TechVision Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan .
Highlights of this analysis include :
Key technologies and influencing trends include : hybrid sensors , predictive analytics , wearables , digital twin , mass customization , 3D printing , edge computing , collaborative robots , asset monitoring , smart grids , and natural processing language ;
Both batch production and mass customization of products are achievable by adopting the concept of IoT , advanced technologies and solutions ;
High investment is evident for companies focusing in developing data monitoring systems , security and smart equipment 's ;
Implementation challenges include : device footprint , need for increased security , and lack of awareness ;
Standardization of communication networks has been gaining importance . Wireless sensor networks ( WSNs ) are key technology platforms in IIoT and enabling technologies include : sensor fusion and analytics ;
Some of the companies disrupting the market include 3D Signals , Denodo Technologies , Pivotal , Stanley Black & Decker .
“ Self-powered sensors , collaborative infrastructures and other advanced IoT technologies are all going to play a significant role in driving the concept of connected , smart factories of the future , ” said Lakshmi . “ Manufacturers must have an awareness of these new technologies and seek ways to incorporate them into their systems to increase the company 's productivity , competitiveness , and future likelihood of success . ”
Industrial IoT Driving Manufacturing Innovations is part of Frost & Sullivan 's global TechVision – Emerging Technologies Services program .
Posted February 2 , 2018
Source : Frost & Sullivan
Treebo currently has over 400 hotels and 10,000 rooms .
Bengaluru : Budget hotel chain Treebo Hotels , operated by Ruptub Solutions Pvt . Ltd , has acquired Bengaluru-based travel start-up Events High , which operates an online discovery platform for local events and activities , said a top executive .
Treebo Hotels chief executive Sidharth Gupta said that the 15-member Events High team , including the founders , will join the company . He , however , did not disclose the financial details of the acquisition .
Events High , which was founded in 2014 by Abhishek Shrivastava , Arvind Batra , Nikesh Garera and Parag Sarda , will retain its original brand , and continue to operate independently , Gupta said , adding that over a period of time , Events High 's technology platform will be merged with Treebo 's .
Events High is present in eight cities , and enables users to discover and book curated experiences and events , including trekking and camping , plays , concerts , group activities and meet-ups , among others .
Gupta said that Events High , which has over 1.5 million unique visitors on its website , will leverage Treebo 's reach across 75 cities for further expansion . Events High had raised an undisclosed amount of seed money from Axilor Ventures in December 2016 .
The events and experiences market has been picking up pace . While overseas start-ups Airbnb , Thrillophilia and Insider.in have been in news recently , the events market in India remains fragmented with many small offline and online players .
With the new acquisition , Treebo is targeting young travellers . “ We are not limiting to just millennial , but to anyone looking for experiences in a city . Thanks to social media , people are now searching for new experiences and places to visit , over tangible products , ” said Gupta in a phone interview .
Gupta added that Treebo customers will soon be able to book hotel rooms , and other events nearby on its platform . Besides , Treebo will also look to offer services such as cabs from airport to the hotel , taxis for local sightseeing , and travel guide . Treebo currently has over 400 hotels and 10,000 rooms .
“ So far our offering has been hotels , but we are now placing ourselves as a travel company . By providing access to local events , we could supplement our core offering and truly move further to become the most-loved travel brand for customers , ” added Gupta .
Last August , Treebo had raised $ 34 million in a Series-C round led by Hong Kong-based investors and follow-on venture capital firms SAIF , Matrix and Bertelsmann . Its rival FabHotels had raised $ 25 million from Goldman Sachs , Accel and Qualcomm Ventures in July 2017 .
By far the biggest deal was done by Gurugram-based OYO . The firm , which is now positioning itself as a branded hotels chain , had raised $ 250 million from SoftBank in September 2017 .
Gone With A Shot ? Hopeful New Signs Of Relief For Migraine Sufferers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photographer is my life/Getty Images Photographer is my life/Getty Images
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia . Yet , despite decades of research , there is n't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause . All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head .
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide ( CGRP ) in their blood .
Step by step , researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical 's effects . They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches , whereas people not prone to migraines experienced , at most , mild pain . Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms . And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans .
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage . So , four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach . To bypass the liver , all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer . Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP , but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects .
Two manufacturers , Amgen ( in collaboration with Novartis ) and Teva Pharmaceuticals , have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved . Two more companies , Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals , plan to file for FDA approval later this year .
Current treatments do n't always work
It 's been a long time coming . Right now , the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries : A number of people prescribed medications for depression , high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief , too . Now , many of those drugs , including propranolol and topiramate , have been tested and approved for migraine . But no one drug works for everyone , and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant .
Migraines are throbbing , one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light , sound , smell , and movement . At their best , the headaches are an annoyance . At their worst , they can be completely debilitating . So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month , the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing .
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months . And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month . The toll such pain can take on health , morale , and productivity is substantial .
My own migraines started when I was 13 . They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches . For a while , I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but , one by one , they stopped working . By age 25 , I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head . My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines , gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist .
Since that day more than 17 years ago , I have tried six preventive prescription medications . Not one helped . I alternated among four different , neurologist-recommended supplements , all to no avail . I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox . And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month , it was n't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company . I exercised regularly . I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice , but still the migraines came . I averaged about 15 to 20 each month .
Still , I considered myself lucky . The headaches almost never came with nausea , and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two . All told , I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week .
When I grew older and had two children , my body changed and my migraines changed , too . I get them less frequently now , but when they come , they can stick around for a few days or even a week . Abortive medications still work , except when they do n't . So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines , I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me . I found one about 80 miles away , which did n't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life . I made an appointment .
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick , a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix , Ariz. , has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development . And , he admits , he 's optimistic . He has good reason to be : Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month . `` In a field where , over time , the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow , this was very exciting , '' he says .
Because migraines are not life-threatening , most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved . And so far , patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site . Unlike the current preventive medications , there is no nausea , no fuzzy thinking , no nerve pain , no weight loss or gain . And instead of remembering to take a daily pill , there is just a once-monthly injection .
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies , especially when everything else they 've tried has n't worked . `` There 's a big hole to fill , both in prevention and acute therapies , '' says Alexander Mauskop , director of the New York Headache Center in New York City . ( Full disclosure : He 's my former neurologist . ) `` If I have someone who 's really suffering and ca n't find a solution , I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try . '' Right now , he says , he has a list of about two dozen such patients .
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved , however , patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them . Biologic therapies like these are expensive , and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $ 8,000 to $ 18,000 a year . At that price , Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first .
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data . `` If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug , I 'd not suggest they switch , '' Mauskop says . `` With Vioxx , it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems . ''
Side effects are a potential concern . Elizabeth Loder , chief of headache at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels , there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function . In women of childbearing age , who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines , `` you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function . ''
Right now , the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years .
I ask Mauskop whether he 'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial , given my failure to respond to most everything else . He pauses , noting that he 's no longer my neurologist and that he ca n't really give me any suggestions . But then he says that , since I 'd previously shown some response to Botox , perhaps I might want to give it another try . I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance . Perhaps in ten years I 'll feel differently . For now , however , I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment .
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey , Penn . Her work has appeared in Nature , The Economist , Aeon , Discover , The Oprah Magazine , and more . Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @ lyrebard .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hugo Lloris believes France 's golden generation are ready to become Premier League superstars .
The Spurs and Les Bleus keeper claimed that Kylian Mbappe , Ousmane Dembele and Thomas Lemar can all be sensations in English football as well as helping France dominate world football .
Arsenal want £100million-rated teenage striker sensation Mbappe , while the Gunners and rivals Tottenham like his Monaco team-mate , midfielder Lemar .
They would follow in a long line of French players who have enjoyed massive success in English football from Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira through to N'Golo Kante and Paul Pogba 's record-breaking £89m move to Manchester United a year ago .
( Photo : Reuters )
France captain Lloris said : “ The Premier League is very exciting . All the Premier League clubs have the capacity and the ability to bring the best players in the world .
“ In France , we used to have a lot of talented players and it 's true that the new generation are fantastic , but we need to give them time to get the right maturity .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ But as they showed against England , they are ready to compete at the best level . Let 's see what will happen in the Premier League .
“ We have a lot of players who are very unpredictable , because in one versus one they can make the difference , they have the pace and that 's one skill for our national team . ”
The Tax Bill And The Military President Trump has promised to increase military spending . Rachel Martin talks to retired Army Col. Peter Mansoor about whether that spending is possible under the Republican tax plan .
Feb. 3 ( UPI ) -- Pop music star Lady Gaga has announced she is canceling the remaining 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour .
The Grammy Award-winner has been candid about the chronic pain she suffers due to fibromyalgia , a condition that has forced her to scrap other performances in the past .
`` I 'm so devastated I do n't know how to describe it , '' she wrote in a social media post Saturday . `` All I know is that if I do n't do this , I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music . My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home . We 're canceling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour . I love this show more than anything , and I love you , but this is beyond my control . London , Manchester , Zurich , Koln , Stockholm , Copenhagen , Paris , Berlin . And Rio . I promise I will be back in your city , but for now , I need to put myself and my well-being first . I love you , forever . ''
Ticketholders are advised to seek refunds at the point of purchase , starting Tuesday .
Media company Clevver started in a garage . Now , it has its own studio in Hollywood . How did it make the transition and grow to where it is today ? Through hard work , creativity and listening to good ideas -- no matter the source -- Clevver has gone far beyond its humble beginnings .
In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Venturer takes a tour of the Clevver office and meets with some of the people who made the company what it is today .
Related : Why Netflix Chose This Company for Its First-Ever Acquisition
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire , Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
Here 's what went down at the Toronto Life Best Restaurants 2018 party at the Evergreen Brick Works
Here 's what went down at the Toronto Life Best Restaurants 2018 party at the Evergreen Brick Works
Ricki and ex-hubby Christian filmed looking happy in 2012
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ricki Lake has paid tribute to her “ soulmate ” Christian Evans .
The Talk Show host announced the death of her ex-husband last night after his long battle with mental illness and bipolar disorder .
“ It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate , Christian Evans has passed . The world did n't understand this man , but I did . He succumbed to his lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder , ” she commented on the post shared with her 72.7k followers .
“ For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness , my heart goes out to you . I am a greater person for having known him and spent the past six and a half years of my life with him .
“ He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that he is finally at peace and his spirit is free . ”
She finished her tribute with : “ Rest in peace , my love . ”
( Photo : WireImage )
The pair began dating in 2009 and got married in 2012 .
They filed for divorce just two years later and finalised their split in 2015 .
Christian was Ricki 's second husband . She was previously married to illustrator Rob Sussman from 1994 to 2004 , and they have two teenage sons together .
Over the weekend , Ricki appeared as a guest judge on Let It Shine alongside Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue .
Today , Ricki tweeted a simple message about kindness in the wake of her ex 's passing .
From left , retired U.S. Marine Corps Lt. Gen. Richard P. Mills , president and chief executive officer ( CEO ) , Marine Corps University Foundation , retired Lt. Gen. Henry P. Osman , president and CEO , Marine Toys for Tots Foundation , and retired Lt. Gen. Paul K. VanRiper , attend the Gen. Graves B. Erskine Distinguished Lecture Series at the Warner Center , Marine Corps University , Marine Corps Base Quantico , Va. , Jan. 18 , 2017 . The series was established in February 1984 and was instrumental in the development of modern Marine Corps professional military education . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Yasmin D. Perez )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.18.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 10:08 Photo ID : 3167189 VIRIN : 170118-M-RG259-037 Resolution : 4928x3280 Size : 9.52 MB Location : QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , MCU ERSKINE LECTURE - WARNER CENTER [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by LCpl Yasmin Perez , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As the 10th anniversary of the passing of Heath Ledger approaches , his former co-star has revealed sweet details about the Australian actor from their time working together on cult classic flick 10 Things I Hate About You .
Julia Stiles was being interviewed when talk turned to their 1999 hit , and she had nothing but sweet words to say about her co-star .
She revealed to news.com.au that Heath would bring a didgeridoo - a traditional Indigenous Australian musical instrument - to set , where 'd he play for cast and crew .
( Image : Getty )
Who knew bad boy Patrick had such a secret talent ?
“ He was always a delight , ” 36-year-old Stiles says . “ He had a didgeridoo he 'd bring with him and he 'd play every day ... I 'd never seen one before , it was such a novelty . ”
However , apart from the talented Aussie 's musical gift , Julia also revealed some intimate details of their behind-the-scenes capers admitting the young stars would hook up in their downtime .
Guess that 's what you get when you 've got a hot cast adjusting to the thrills of fame - and a smacking of hormones raging throughout their bodies - without the fear of social media documenting their every move .
Most of the cast were relatively unknown at the time , apart from Joseph Gordon-Levitt , who had already become a household name thanks to his part on sitcom Third Rock From The Sun .
( Image : Spike TV )
While she would n't name who shacked up with whom , she was more than willing to admit to a little extra-curricular lovin ' .
“ Of course there was - you get a bunch of young people together , you 're having a lot of fun ... , '' she said . `` We were at a time in our lives when we were still open and uncensored , and un-self-conscious - it was fun . ”
Following the film , most of the cast members went on to achieve international fame , but Heath 's star shone brightest as he went on to star in 19 films , winning a posthumous Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his ground-breaking role as Joker in The Dark Knight .
( Image : Reuters )
Julia 's admission comes as the 10-year anniversary of Heath 's passing nears , landing on January 22 .
The actor passed away at 28-years-old after an accidental overdose from prescription drugs in his New York apartement .
He left behind a young daughter , Matilda , now 12-years-old , who has turned into a gorgeous young girl as she 's brought up by Heath 's former partner , actress 37-year-old Michelle Williams .
Amazon wants to deliver your next package to the trunk of your car.The in-car service is available in 37 cities , including Chicago , and free for Prime Members , the company announced on Tuesday.While the service may keep packages more secure , as Amazon said it has taken steps to ensure privacy , some Chicagoans are mixed about the new option.Customers would need to download the Amazon Key App and link their Amazon account with their connected car service account , then confirm and register a delivery location . Once the set-up is complete , customers can shop on Amazon.com and select the `` in-car '' delivery option at checkout.On delivery day , customers will get a delivery window and notification when the driver is headed to their car . Amazon locates the car with GPS and scans the package.Then , the vehicle is unlocked through the car 's connected service like On-Star and then the driver places the package in the trunk.After that , the driver requests that the vehicle be re-locked . Once the delivery is completed , the customer gets a notification.Amazon plans to roll out the option to other cities over time , but it only works with certain vehicles so far -- Chevrolet , Buick , GMC , Cadillac and Volvo . The cars must be a 2015 model or newer and be OnStar-equipped ( On Call for Volvo ) . `` We 've actually heard from a young mom who has been testing the service for us as she had her daughter 's birthday coming up and her daughter , every time she sees an amazon package , she runs to the door tears it open and sees what 's automatically inside . So this gives her an opportunity to deliver these packages to her car and now her daughter 's birthday package is no longer ruined , '' said Alyssa Bronikowski , an Amazon spokeswoman.Last fall , Amazon launched a new service which allowed customers to receive deliveries inside their home , and grant secure home access .
Kendriya Vidyalayas and Navodaya Vidyalayas as well as new medical colleges and central universities established after 2014 will get grants to service the Higher Education Financing Agency ( HEFA ) loans .
New Delhi : The Union cabinet on Wednesday allowed the human resource development ( HRD ) ministry to raise ₹1 trillion from the market for funding education research and infrastructure .
The funds will be raised from a clutch of sources , including education bonds , commercial borrowings and corporate houses . The money shall be given as loans to government-controlled higher educational institutions , including medical colleges , as well as central government-run school chains such as Kendriya Vidyalayas ( KVs ) and Navodaya Vidyalayas ( NVs ) as the Union government explores innovative ways to fund education to reduce the burden on the exchequer .
The funds will be raised through the Higher Education Financing Agency ( HEFA ) , a recently minted non-banking financial company under the HRD ministry . The cabinet committee on economic affairs on Wednesday approved enhancing HEFA 's capital base to ₹10,000 crore from the current ₹3,300 crore , Mint first reported the proposed plan on 3 June .
“ The cabinet committee on economic affairs ... approved the proposal for expanding the scope of Higher Education Financing Agency ( HEFA ) by enhancing its capital base to ₹10,000 crore and tasking it to mobilize ₹100,000 crore , ” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said after the cabinet meeting .
The ₹10,000 crore capital base includes present and subsequent contribution from Canara Bank , a joint venture partner of the HRD ministry for establishing and running HEFA .
HRD minister Prakash Javadekar termed the decision a “ landmark ” development that will work as a “ huge push for research and academic infrastructure with social equity ” .
This move will reduce the budgetary pressure on the exchequer at a time when the government is facing a funds crunch , said an HRD ministry official who asked not to be named . The ministry may effectively save the few thousand crores of rupees it is giving on grant for infrastructure development and bring in fiscal accountability among institutions , as most of these loans will be paid back by institutions , said the official .
Technical institutions like Indian Institutes of Technology ( IITs ) , Indian Institutes of Management ( IIMs ) and National Institutes of Technology ( NITs ) that are more than 10 years old will repay the whole loan from their internal earnings , while technical schools started between 2008 and 2014 will repay 25 % and rest will be paid from government grants , according to the cabinet decision .
Central universities established before 2014 will have to repay 10 % of the loan they take from internal resources and will receive a grant for the remaining part of the principal .
KVs and NVs as well as new medical colleges and central universities established after 2014 will get grants to service HEFA loans .
So far , funding proposals worth ₹2,016 crore from some of the older IITs have been approved by HEFA and nearly ₹9,000 crore more of loan proposals are in the pipeline for development of education infrastructure and research capabilities at various IITs , NITs and other technical schools .
Watch : Rylan and Alison team up for This Morning
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Paul Nuttall 's press officer has taken the blame and offered to resign following damaging false claims that he “ lost close personal friends ” at Hillsborough .
The UKIP leader was forced to admit the claim posted on his website was wrong after he was challenged during an interview with Radio City Talk in Liverpool .
“ I have n't lost a close personal friend , I 've lost someone who I know , ” he told presenter Dave Eason , adding : “ I have n't put that out , that is wrong . ”
In a statement later , Mr Nuttall said he was “ appalled ” when he found out what had happened but he did not write the web posting , the Liverpool Echo reports .
( Photo : Radio City Talk )
( Photo : Radio City Talk )
“ This was an article that I did not write and did not see prior to it being posted by a member of my staff , ” he said .
“ Of course I take responsibility for those things that are put out under my name , but I was genuinely taken aback when this claim was brought to my attention and am both appalled and very sorry that an impression was given that was not accurate . ”
( Photo : Getty )
Lynda Roughley , a press officer for Mr Nuttall , subsequently said she had offered to resign , saying she had been “ entirely responsible ” for the website post .
She said in a statement : “ Paul is a man of great integrity and would not say something he knew to be untrue . It 's me who has made this mistake , and one I feel absolutely terrible about .
“ I am frankly mortified at the distress this issue has caused Paul and may have caused to anyone involved with the Hillsborough tragedy .
“ I have today offered my resignation . I could not be more sorry . ”
( Photo : Bob Thomas/Getty Images )
In a further twist last night , it was reported that Ms Roughley 's resignation had been turned down .
Mr Nuttall , who is standing for UKIP in the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election , has previously hit out over an article in The Guardian which cast doubt on his claim that as a 12-year-old fan he was present in the stadium when the disaster happened .
Limericks
PETER SAGAL , HOST :
Coming up , it 's Lightning Fill In The Blank . But first it is the game where you have to listen for the rhyme . If you 'd like to play on air , call or leave a message at 1-888-WAITWAIT . That 's 1-888-924-8924 . Or click a contact us link at our website , waitwait.npr.org . There you can find out about attending our weekly live shows back at the Chase Bank Auditorium in Chicago , Ill. And if you are a fan of Paula Poundstone right here , be sure to check out ...
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : And you are . Be sure to check out her new podcast , Live From the Poundstone Institute , wherever you get your podcasts . This week , Paula learns what big cats have in common with house cats and why you should always carry a huge ball of yarn in case you 're ever attacked by a lion .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Hi , you 're on WAIT WAIT ... DO N'T TELL ME .
BECKY PHILLIPS : Hi , this is Becky from Madison , Wisconsin .
SAGAL : Hey , how are things in Madison ?
PHILLIPS : They are going great .
SAGAL : I 'm glad . So you 're there during the summer . Are you a student there ?
PHILLIPS : No , I am actually a scientist - former graduate student at the university .
SAGAL : Oh , what kind of science do you do ?
PHILLIPS : So I work for a contract research organization .
SAGAL : Yeah .
PHILLIPS : I essentially make sure that drugs that are going through FDA approval process stay stable and safe .
SAGAL : All right . I 'm going to ask you a question . Expiration date on over-the-counter medicines ...
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : ... True or a terrible lie making us buy more medicine ?
PHILLIPS : That is actually true . That 's part of what we do at my company .
SAGAL : I 'm just standing here marveling that I am still alive .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Welcome to the show , Becky . Bill Kurtis is going to read you three news-related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each . If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly in two of the limericks , you 'll be a winner . Ready to play ?
PHILLIPS : I 'm ready .
SAGAL : Here is your first limerick .
BILL KURTIS : I know how annoying it feels to be running around in high heels . I will smooth out my gait with the help of these skates . My stilettos are fitted with ...
PHILLIPS : Wheels .
SAGAL : Exactly right .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : For those of you ...
( APPLAUSE )
SAGAL : ... Who found high heels just too easy to walk around in , Yves Saint Laurent this week unveiled high-heeled shoes with roller skate wheels attached . Think of it as a more slapstick version of ancient Chinese foot binding .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : It 's unclear if these shoes are actually wearable or just intended for one last joy ride before you die .
( LAUGHTER )
PAULA POUNDSTONE : What - yeah , who are these marketed to ? I mean , who ...
SAGAL : Well , these are the kind of things that these designers unveil at these fashion shows to attract attention .
POUNDSTONE : Uh-huh .
SAGAL : And it 's unclear if they will ever be sold to the public .
POUNDSTONE : Oh , I see .
SAGAL : But I hope they are .
POUNDSTONE : Yeah .
SAGAL : Because that would be great , especially here in a hilly city like San Francisco .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Here is your next limerick .
KURTIS : My drug test says finito basta . Now I 'm off of my tennis team 's roster . Tortellini and sauce are to blame for this loss . I have failed because I ate mama 's ...
PHILLIPS : Pasta .
SAGAL : Pasta . Yes .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : Italian tennis player Sara Errani is not the first professional athlete to fail a drug test , but she is the first as far as we know to blame her mother 's tortellini . And here 's the thing . It worked . She was only given a two-month suspension after she told the doping committee that her mother had left some of her letrozole pills by the cutting board as she was making her special tortellini alla A-Rod .
( LAUGHTER )
POUNDSTONE : So they were some - the mother was making - what ? - a sauce . She 's chopping tomatoes ...
SAGAL : Presumably , yeah .
POUNDSTONE : ... And accidentally she knocks over the bottle ...
SAGAL : The bottle of medicine ...
POUNDSTONE : ... Of medicine ...
SAGAL : ... Which is a banned substance .
POUNDSTONE : ... And the lid that takes five minutes to open on a good day ...
( LAUGHTER )
POUNDSTONE : ... Happened to fly off ...
SAGAL : Pops open .
POUNDSTONE : Yeah , that - yeah , OK .
POUNDSTONE : Mother does n't notice and presumably does n't ...
POUNDSTONE : Does n't notice at all . Chop , chop , chop .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Yeah .
POUNDSTONE : Yeah . Yeah .
ROY BLOUNT JR : And there 's a little Italian guy down in there somewhere .
SAGAL : Here 's your last limerick .
KURTIS : Be careful what fragrance you cork - whiffs of hot dog stand and moo shu pork . Other notes from the lab - subway steps and old cab . It 's our candle that smells like ...
PHILLIPS : New York .
SAGAL : New York . Yes .
( SOUNDBITE OF BELL )
SAGAL : You got it . Why should New Yorkers be the only ones lucky enough to bask in the scent of urine and sewer gas ?
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : French fragrance company diptyque Paris has created the New York scented candles so everyone can make their homes smell like a Brooklyn stoop on a hot August garbage day .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : The candle costs $ 70 , but for the same price , you can just buy a Greyhound ticket to Grand Central Station and sit by the bathroom .
( LAUGHTER )
SAGAL : Bill , how did Becky do on our quiz ?
KURTIS : How about that ? Becky got them all right .
SAGAL : Congratulations .
( APPLAUSE )
KURTIS : What a winner .
SAGAL : Thank you so much for playing , Becky , and congratulations .
PHILLIPS : Thank you .
( SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` NEW YORK GROOVE '' )
ACE FREHLEY : ( Singing ) I 'm back , back in the New York groove . I 'm back , back in the New York groove .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Sigrid is Doin ' Good !
DJ , a family friend was in a terrible accident just days after getting married and is now in the ICU with a brain injury . Sigrid tells us DJ 's story , how his friends & family are staying DJ Strong and how you might be able to help .
Contribute to the DJ Strong Go Fund Me !
See other fundraisers and DJ 's progress on the DJ Strong FB page !
MANCHESTER , England ( AP ) — Chants of “ Ole ! ” rang out from a boisterous corner of Old Trafford as Manchester City saw out a record 14th straight Premier League win by keeping possession right in front of its jubilant fans .
Manchester United just could n't get the ball off City near the corner flag in those painful last few minutes . One final humiliation on a day when City 's players opened up a close-to-unassailable 11-point lead and again highlighted the gulf between them and the rest of the league .
All at the home of their biggest rival , too .
City won the Manchester derby 2-1 on Sunday to set an English record for consecutive top-flight victories in a single season and hand United its first loss at Old Trafford in any competition since September . City was the winner then , too .
With 16 games gone , City is unbeaten in the league — having dropped only two points against Everton — and looking unstoppable as it goes for its first league title under Pep Guardiola . Third-place Chelsea is 14 points off the pace , with its coach Antonio Conte having already given up on defending the trophy .
United manager Jose Mourinho , whose team remains City 's closest challenger , said the title race was “ probably ” over , too , despite the season not having reached the halfway stage
“ You can not be champions in December , ” Guardiola said , attempting to downplay expectations . “ But it 's important for our confidence to feel that we can compete on big stages with huge personality . ”
Just like City did in beating Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge and thrashing Liverpool 5-0 at home .
City capitalized on two defensive mistakes by United striker Romelu Lukaku at set pieces to score its goals , with David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi applying close-range finishes in the 43rd and 54th minutes .
Marcus Rashford equalized for United , from another defensive mistake , but the meeting of the league 's top two teams was one-sided . Guardiola said only once had any of his teams — Barcelona , Bayern Munich or City — played better than that against United down the years , picking out Barcelona 's win in the Champions League final at Wembley Stadium in 2011 .
Mourinho , who fell to a ninth loss in 20 head-to-heads with coaching rival Guardiola , pointed to two major incidents in the final 10 minutes of normal time : The failure to award United a penalty for Otamendi 's challenge on Ander Herrera and then City goalkeeper Ederson Moraes 's double save from Lukaku and Juan Mata .
“ Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck , ” Mourinho said . “ The gods of football are behind them . ”
The game kicked off in light snowfall and , until being caught cold by Rashford 's equalizer , City overran United at times , just like in last season 's 2-1 win at Old Trafford . Kevin De Bruyne and Silva , in particular , were given so much time in central midfield with opposite numbers Nemanja Matic and Herrera unsure whether to close down or retreat in front of their defense .
It meant City was getting quite easily to the edge of United 's box before encountering a wall of red jerseys . The final pass was the only thing lacking and invariably the opening goal came from a source at which United was supposed to have the advantage : The set piece .
De Bruyne 's outswinging corner hit Lukaku as the United striker challenged for the ball with Otamendi , and Silva was on hand to guide the loose ball past stranded goalkeeper David De Gea from just inside the six-yard box .
City 's players switched off in the final moments of the half and United made them pay . De Bruyne had already wasted a three-on-two breakaway when Otamendi failed to deal with a routine long ball forward from United center back Marcos Rojo , who was bandaged up after a clash of heads with Silva .
Otamendi misjudged the flight of the ball and succeeded only in glancing a header backward , behind his flat-footed left back Fabian Delph . Rashford was more alert , driving a first-time shot low past Ederson .
Both teams were forced into halftime substitutions in defense — Vincent Kompany off for City , Rojo for United — but the shape of the game did n't change .
Lukaku barely threatened up front for United but he again unintentionally made his presence felt at the other end of the field . He had time and space to deal with Silva 's floated free kick in the 54th , yet managed to smash his attempted clearance into the back of teammate Chris Smalling . Just like with the first goal , the ball dropped kindly for a City player , with Otamendi this time powering home the finish .
“ We won because we were better , ” Guardiola said . “ In all departments , we were better . ”
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
( AP ) — Police say R & B singer Trey Songz has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party .
LAPD spokesman Officer Drake Madison says Songz , whose real name is Tremaine Neverson , turned himself in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning .
Jail records show the 33-year-old was released about two hours later on $ 50,000 bail .
Andrea Buera said at a news conference last week that she was the woman Songz had assaulted . Buera said he punched her repeatedly because he was upset she was talking to another man at a party Feb. 18 .
Songz attorney Shawn Chapman Holley did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment .
Songz tweeted Monday that he was being lied about and falsely accused for someone else 's personal gain .
New Delhi : Government on Friday revoked GST notification on gems and jewellery stating that PAN card will no longer be mandatory on the purchase of jewellery for over Rs 50,000 .
The decision was taken at the crucial meeting of the GST Council today .
Offering further respite to Jewellers , the meeting further concluded that any entity dealing in gems , jewellery and other high-value goods that has a turnover of Rs 2 Crore or more in a financial year will not be covered under PMLA .
Also , government need not be informed on jewellery purchase of over Rs 50,000 , which means that jewellers will not have to report data on buyers to Financial Intelligence Unit .
A separate notification on this will be issued separately after due consideration .
The GST Council has also reached a consensus on increasing the threshold limit for Composition Scheme to Rs 1 crore from the current Rs 75 lakh to ease tax filing for small traders . Under the Composition Scheme , traders have to pay a fixed tax rate between 1-5 percent .
The Council is also discussing other relief measures for traders , including quarterly return filing .
Chaired by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , the 22nd meeting of the GST Council was attended by finance ministers of states and GST Secretariat officials .
As per Zee News report , the GST council has offered major sops to the SME sector under which businesses having annual turnover upto Rs 1.5 crore may be allowed to file GST returns once every three months . Exporters may be given relaxation in filing GST returns till March 2018 .
Meanwhile , businesses with annual turnover less than Rs 20 lakh may be allowed to file the returns using a simple form .
The Group of Ministers , under Sushil Modi , set up to look into GSTN glitches is believed to have briefed the Council on the portal 's functioning .
With over 33 lakh businesses filing the final GSTR-1 return , the GoM has tasked GSTN to send reminder text messages to the remaining 20 lakh businesses which are yet to submit the tax forms .
The last date for filing of final sales returns for July in GSTR-1 form is October 10 , while the date for uploading of purchase returns in GSTR-2 is October 31 .
The final GSTR-3 , matching GSTR-1 and 2 , is to be filed by November 10 .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The last thing you want is to be caught without essentials like milk or champagne over the festive break , which is why it is worth checking to see when your local supermarket will be open .
Supermarket giant Tesco will keep a majority of their branches open as normal . However , there will be some closures on New Year 's Day and Tesco advise customers to check online for opening hours of their local store .
To ensure you do n't end up out in the cold without all the necessities you 'll need to survive the countdown to January 1 , we 've put together a handy general guide to Tesco 's opening hours below .
( Image : Getty )
When will Tesco be open this Christmas ?
A file photo of Priyanka Gandhi . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : The Congress on Monday rejected reports of Sonia Gandhi indicating an active political role for daughter Priyanka Gandhi and termed it as “ mischievous instance of fake news ” and unnecessary speculation .
“ The news is entirely false and baseless , ” AICC incharge of media department Randeep Surjewala said in a statement . “ It is a mischievous instance of fake news and unnecessary speculation , ” he added Congress senior spokesperson Anand Sharma said it is laughable that the media takes planted news seriously . “ It is mischievous and a fabrication . We reject it , ” he said .
“ These are government planted fabrications and distractions . They require no comment from the Congress , except that I dismiss this , ” Sharma said . The Congress leader alleged that the government was busy planting news and distracting the attention of people from their failures and shortcomings .
Sharma , however , cautioned the media not to fall into this “ trap of planted news ” and said this is to distract attention and focus from what is happening . He said the government does not want to discuss issues like the failures of this government , non-performance , non- deliverance , rising terrorist attacks , killing of soldiers and jawans , as also what is happening and also what has happened in Gorakhpur .
President Donald Trump on Monday used a bombing in New York City to once again advocate for stricter limits on immigration into the United States .
Calling his executive action to restrict travel from six Muslim-majority nations — in addition to travel from North Korea and for some Venezuelan officials and their families — “ just one step , ” Trump argued for further congressional action .
“ Congress must end chain migration , ” he wrote , presumably referring to the preferential visa status given to some migrants with family members who are U.S. citizens . “ Congress must also act on my Administration 's other proposals to enhance domestic security , including increasing the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers , enhancing the arrest and detention authorities for immigration officers , and ending fraud and abuse in our immigration system . ”
It 's not immediately clear how the latter proposals would have prevented the suspect in Monday 's bombing , Akayed Ullah , 27 , originally from Bangladesh , from carrying out his alleged attack .
A spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security said Monday that Ullah had been admitted to the United States in 2011 “ after presenting a passport displaying an F43 family immigrant visa . ”
“ The suspect is a Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration , ” the spokesperson , Tyler Q. Houlton , wrote on Twitter .
. @ DHSgov can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport displaying an F43 family immigrant visa in 2011 . The suspect is a Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration . — Tyler Q. Houlton ( @ SpoxDHS ) December 11 , 2017
U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services defines F43 visa holders as the children of F41 visa holders , who in turn are defined as the brothers or sisters of U.S. citizens .
Trump also advocated for “ the strongest penalty allowed by law , including the death penalty in appropriate cases ” for those convicted on terrorism charges .
Following the White House 's acknowledgement that the President had been briefed on the bombing Monday morning , he made no mention of it in four subsequent tweets .
Read Trump 's full statement below :
We are sorry , but you can not access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber . Click here to subscribe , or contact us at Pajhwok for more information .
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Terror cops have stormed the Mali Consulate in Barcelona amid reports a diplomat 's wife is being held hosptage .
Armed police rushed to the consulate in the Catalan capital after receiving a phone call from José Luis López Fernández , warning that his wife was being held inside , according to reports .
The alleged attacker , who is believed to be from Mali , has been holding the woman prisoner in the building - located in Avinguda Josep Tarradellas - for almost four hours , according to Catalan police .
The man is reportedly refusing to let the woman go without assurance that his documents are given to him , according to Antena 3 .
( Image : @ mossos/Twitter )
( Image : @ Undercover_Camo/Twitter )
A group of negotiators is reportedly in the building trying to free the woman after she was taken prisoner just after 3pm local time ( 4pm GMT ) .
It is not believed the man is armed , but he reportedly yet to release her , reports El Pais .
A spokesman for The Mossos d'Esquadra ( Catalonia police ) described it as an `` open incident '' on Twitter .
Just after 7pm local time ( 6pm GMT ) , They wrote : `` Open incident to the Consulate of Mali after receiving a call that a woman held inside .
( Image : @ Undercover_Camo/Twitter )
The alleged intruder is already identified .
`` Specialised police are negotiating with citizen of Mali from 15 hours has retained a woman inside of the Consulate of this country .
`` We have sealed off the perimeter of the Consulate of Mali , in the Avenida Josep Tarradellas .
`` The police are still negotiating with the man to let the woman . ''
Iran 's Foreign Minister Comes To America , Keeping One Eye On Saudi Arabia
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday , he remarked on how his U.S. visit was going .
`` Good , '' he said . `` Not as good as the guy who spent $ 250 million on the trip . ''
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States . The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California , and although a final price tag is not known , the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in his kingdom .
Iranian diplomats , by contrast , are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran , by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions . If the U.S. decides to pull out , Zarif says , Iran most likely will , too .
Officially , Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations , but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern .
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening , it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers .
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest . Before Iran 's 1979 revolution , both were considered vital allies of the United States . Afterward , Iran turned against the United States . The Saudi-U.S. relationship , while deeply complex , remained close .
`` I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years , '' Zarif said in our conversation . `` They have tried to exclude us from this region . ''
World Ambassador Defends U.S . Backing Of Saudi War In Yemen Ambassador Defends U.S . Backing Of Saudi War In Yemen Listen · 3:49 3:49
If that was the Saudi goal , it has failed . Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon , Syria and Iraq , and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen .
Zarif denied his country is equally obsessed with the Saudis , but his comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise . People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other .
`` We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [ which ] needs to be more responsible in its approach . But it is an important player in the region that can not be excluded , '' he said . `` I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition , we would be much better off . ''
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts , most directly in Saudi Arabia 's southern neighbor , Yemen . After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen 's capital in 2014 , a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened . Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths ; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease .
`` Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed , '' Iran 's Zarif said .
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis . Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran .
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet he adds that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands .
He also speaks up for their right to a share of power in Yemen .
`` I 've talked to them and they 're ready for peace negotiations , '' he said . `` But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen . That includes everybody , including the Houthis . And we are prepared to use whatever influence . We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen , but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence . ''
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately , the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal . The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program , which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development , in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief .
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all . A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran 's sanctions relief , or else allow the accord to begin falling apart .
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation . `` Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora 's box , and we 'll never be able to close it , '' he said . Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles . Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards .
Meanwhile , Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States .
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis . The Saudis , not surprisingly , have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon , the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month , then his country would too .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The rich are using a housing fund aimed at helping to struggle first home buyers enter the market , it was claimed last night .
More than 5,000 people on six-figure incomes have reportedly used the government 's Help to Buy scheme .
Four in ten recipients of the taxpayer help were on salaries of more than £50,000 a year .
One in ten was earning more than £80,000 , it was reported .
While the scheme was used by 135,000 people in the past four years , Theresa May this week pledged another £10 billion to help that same amount again get into the market .
( Image : PA )
The fund allows buyers to purchase new-build properties worth up to £600,000 using deposits of only 5 per cent .
The government offers loans interest-free of up to another 20 per cent for five years - a figure that rises to 40 per cent in London .
Almost 60 per cent of people using the fund were able to afford a home without it according to a government survey , the Daily Mail reports .
( Image : PA )
Adam Smith Institute executive director Sam Bowman said : `` This scheme is being used by investment bankers and doctors .
`` They are certainly not the sort of people who the taxpayer should be subsidising .
`` It is astonishing that households earning over £100,000 a year are using it . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The British and Irish Lions will be looking to bounce back after their 23-22 defeat to Highlanders when they take on Maori All Blacks on Saturday .
The tourists squandered a nine-point lead on Tuesday in Dunedin but did find try-scoring from that has previously been lacking on tour as Jonathan Joseph , Tommy Seymour and Sam Warburton all crossed .
Now the Lions have two wins and two losses on tour , with Warren Gatland set to put out something close to his Test 23 as they return to the North Island .
He will have to do it without Owen Farrell , his first-choice fly-half , who suffered a quad muscle strain in training and is now in doubt for the entire Test series .
Here is all you need to know about the Lions ' next challenge ...
( Photo : Rex Features )
When do the Lions take on the Maori All Blacks ?
The game will kick-off at 8:35am ( GMT ) on Saturday 17 June 2017 at the Rotorua International Stadium .
What TV channel is it on ?
The game will be shown on Sky Sports 1 and Sky Sports 1 HD , coverage starting from 8am .
Is there a live stream ?
If you are a Sky customer but ca n't get yourself in front of a TV , you can log onto your Sky Go account to watch the game on your laptop or phone .
( Photo : Rex Features )
Who is playing ?
Big news out of the Lions camp is the quad muscle injury to Owen Farrell .
He was set to be on the bench for this match and was in the box seat for the Test side , however Johnny Sexton will now wear No.10 with Dan Biggar his back-up .
Lions centre Jonathan Davis was hoping to prove he is fit for Saturday but has been left out after picking up a head injury in the 12-3 win over Crusaders .
Northampton second row Courtney Lawes has also missed out after his knock against the Highlanders .
Ireland back-rower Peter O'Mahony will be skippered for the match .
( Photo : Getty )
MAORI ALL BLACKS : J Lowe ; N Milner-Skudder , M Proctor , C Ngatai , R Ioane ; D McKenzie , T Kerr-Barlow ; K Hames , A Dixon ( capt ) , B May , J Wheeler , T Franklin , A Ioane , E Dixon , L Messam .
Replacements : H Elliot , C Eves , M Renata , L Price , K Pryor , B Hall , I West , R Thompson .
LIONS : L Halfpenny ( Wales ) ; A Watson ( England ) , J Davies ( Wales ) , B Te ' o ( England ) , G North ( Wales ) ; J Sexton , C Murray ( both Ireland ) ; M Vunipola , J George ( both England ) , T Furlong ( Ireland ) , M Itoje , G Kruis ( both England ) , P O'Mahony ( capt , Ireland ) , S O'Brien ( Ireland ) , T Faletau ( Wales ) .
Replacements : K Owens ( Wales ) , J McGrath ( Ireland ) , K Sinckler ( England ) , I Henderson ( Ireland ) , S Warburton ( Wales ) , G Laidlaw ( Scotland ) , O Farrell , E Daly ( both England ) .
What are the odds ?
Maori All Blacks 15/8 Draw 35/1 Lions 4/1 ( odds from Oddschecker.com )
MASON , W.Va. — It started as a Walk-a-Thon . It ended with a walk-off .
In a game that featured 19 total free passes , the Wahama baseball team managed to exact a little revenge on Monday night after claiming an 18-8 mercy-rule victory in six innings over visiting Belpre in a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division contest on Cook Field at Claflin Stadium in Mason County .
The host White Falcons ( 7-5 , 5-3 TVC Hocking ) issued eight walks in the first three innings , which allowed the Golden Eagles ( 6-9 , 4-5 ) to jump out to an early 8-6 edge midway through the third frame .
BHS , however , issued seven free passes after the completion of the third frame and finished the night by allowing 11 total walks , which allowed the Red and White to jump-start their offense while scoring the final dozen runs of the contest .
Leading 14-8 headed into the bottom of the sixth , WHS started the frame with back-to-back walks to Colton Arrington and Jared Oliver . Arrington came around to score on an error that allowed Philip Hoffman to reach safely , then Dalton Kearns received a walk to again load the bases .
Oliver and Hoffman both came home on an error that allowed Tyler Bumgarner to reach safely for a 17-8 edge , then David Hendrick safely reached on an error that also plated Kearns with the game-clinching run that wrapped up the 10-run outcome .
With the triumph , the White Falcons avenged a 13-12 setback at BHS back on March 30 . WHS has also now won four in a row , while the Orange and Black have now dropped four consecutive decisions .
Belpre took a 1-0 lead in the top of the first , but Wahama answered with five runs on five hits , two walks and an error in the home half of the opening frame — giving the Red and White a comfortable 5-1 cushion after one complete .
The Golden Eagles trimmed their deficit down to 6-3 through two full frames , then erupted for five runs in the top half of the third despite not producing a single safety . BHS sent 11 batters to the plate , which yielded six walks , a hit batter and an error en route to recapturing an 8-6 edge .
The hosts followed by sending 11 batters to the plate in their half of the third , which yielded five runs on three hits , four walks and an error for an 11-8 lead after three complete .
Wahama tacked on three more runs with a hit , a walk and an error in the fourth for a 14-8 contest , then both teams went scoreless in the fifth .
Both teams used at least four pitchers in the game and each squad also stranded nine runners apiece on base . Wahama outhit the guests by an 11-6 overall margin and only committed one of the nine errors in the matchup .
Dalton Kearns ended up being the winning pitcher of record after allowing no runs , no hits and only one walk in 1.1 innings of relief work while striking out two . Jacob Davis took the loss after surrendering six unearned runs , three hits and three walks over two frames of relief while fanning three .
Hoffman led the Red and White with four hits and four runs scored , followed by Bumgarner with two hits . Oliver , Kearns , Hendrick , Wyatt Edwards and Tanner Smith also had a safety apiece for the victors .
Hoffman and Kearns each drove in a team-best three RBIs , while Bumgarner , Hendrick and Smith also knocked in a run apiece .
Oliver and Colton Arrington each scored three times , followed by Kearns and Hendrick with two runs scored apiece . Bumgarner , Edwards , Nyles Riggs and Trevor Hunt also scored a run apiece for the hosts .
Jacob Davis , Logan Adams , Bailey Sprague , Andrew Klingler , Josh Davis and Kole Knotts had a hit apiece in the setback , with Jacob Davis leading the way with two RBIs . Adams , Klingler and Josh Davis also scored two runs apiece for Belpre .
Wahama returns to action Tuesday when it travels to Trimble for a TVC Hocking doubleheader starting at 4 p.m .
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
Wahama junior Colton Arrington ( 11 ) slides in safely ahead of a tag at second base during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-WAH-Colton.jpg Wahama junior Colton Arrington ( 11 ) slides in safely ahead of a tag at second base during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. Bryan Walters/OVP Sports Wahama senior Jared Oliver touches home plate during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-WAH-Oliver.jpg Wahama senior Jared Oliver touches home plate during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) Bryan Walters/OVP Sports Wahama sophomore Tyler Bumgarner , left , stretches for a throw at first base during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-WAH-Brady.jpg Wahama sophomore Tyler Bumgarner , left , stretches for a throw at first base during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) Bryan Walters/OVP Sports Wahama senior Philip Hoffman delivers a pitch during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-WAH-Philip.jpg Wahama senior Philip Hoffman delivers a pitch during Monday night 's TVC Hocking baseball contest against Belpre in Mason , W.Va. ( Bryan Walters/OVP Sports ) Bryan Walters/OVP Sports
Mars Rover Curiosity 's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here 's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries , picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown , NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work .
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012 , searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life . And earlier this week , while on a brief break from mountain climbing , Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months .
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater , where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image :
The view from `` Vera Rubin Ridge '' on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site , all inside Gale Crater . Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
`` Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years , this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us , '' Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , in Pasadena , Calif. , said in a statement .
`` From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge , the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater , '' said Vasavada . The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars ' winter solstice , a season of clear skies , gaining a sharp view of distant details .
Curiosity 's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012 .
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples , this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge . Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016 . It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points , and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm .
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight . It 'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast . The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it 's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars . Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes . That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of .
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time , as Space.com reports , `` both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there . ''
`` With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond , understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning , '' David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas , explained .
© Richard Drew/AP
UN : Decision 'undermines ' peace efforts
Palestine : Rewarding 'Israel 's impunity '
Israel : ' A milestone for peace '
Israel took control of West Jerusalem after the state was created in 1948 . It occupied East Jerusalem after the 1967 war and annexed the eastern portion of the city in 1980 in a move that remains unrecognised by the international community .
Israel has built several Jewish-only settlements around and inside key parts of East Jerusalem in an effort to cement its control over the entire city . The settlements are illegal under international law .
US : UN 'biased ' against Israel
Jordan : Religious freedom must be upheld
Egypt : No impact on Jerusalem 's legal status
UK : Two-state solution the 'only way '
France : US must explain how decision aligns with law
Sweden : Violation of UN resolutions
Russia : US decision met 'serious concern '
Japan : Jerusalem 's status must be decided through talks
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Judges have upheld an appeal against planning permission for a new ground for Cambridge City Football Club in Sawston , Cambridgeshire .
The Court of Appeal ruled today ( February 15 ) that South Cambridgeshire District Council 's planning committee had failed to give `` sufficient '' reasons for granting permission for the 3,000 capacity stadia in June 2014 .
Committee members went against the advice of planning officers by unanimously approving the new ground , despite its location on green belt land .
Today 's decision comes as a result of local resident Karen Oakley appealing a failed March 2016 legal challenge where she argued the committee had not explained why it supported the new stadium .
Cambridge City is currently in a ground sharing agreement with St Ives Town Football Club until a new stadium for the Southern League Premier Division side can be built .
( Photo : David Johnson )
At the recent appeal hearing South Cambridgeshire District Council argued that since 2013 the statutory duty to provide summary reasons for planning approvals has been removed .
However Lord Justice Patrick Elias , with agreement from Lord Justices Nicholas Patten and Philip Sales , said the council should have outlined its reasoning as `` an aspect of the duty of fairness '' .
A 21st century view of 19th century subterranean Cambridge
He added : `` The decision in this case involved a development on the Green Belt and was also in breach of the development plan .
`` Public policy requires strong countervailing benefits before such a development can be allowed , and affected members of the public should be told why the committee considers the development to be justified notwithstanding its adverse effect on the countryside .
`` In my judgment these considerations demand that reasons should be given . ''
During the earlier judicial review Mrs Oakley complained that she had been prejudiced by the council 's decision and left unable to understand whether her objections to the stadium were properly taken into account .
John Koch , planning team leader at South Cambridgeshire District Council , responded to the judges ' decision , saying : `` Naturally , we are disappointed by the outcome of the appeal .
`` It is important to be clear however , that this ruling is not about the decision the committee took , but about the clarity of its reasons behind that decision .
`` Over the last 12 months we have made increased efforts to make sure that members clearly articulate their reason for making a different decision to the officer recommendation , and to record these fully so that the public understands the committee 's position . ''
While the original planning permission has not been formally quashed it is expected that a council report will follow for the planning committee to reconsider the application at another meeting within the next few months .
The proposals for the new stadium , to be located to the north-west of Dales Manor Business Park , include a floodlit grass pitch , full-sized training pitch and 500 parking spaces .
The club says the stadium will serve all teams affiliated to Cambridge City whilst the training pitch and facilities will also be available to hire for conferences and events .
The stadium plans would take up roughly half of the land available and the club proposes that the remaining land will be gifted to Sawston Parish Council for recreational community use .
( Photo : Richard Patterson )
Cambridge City Football Club chairman , Kevin Satchell , expressed his `` disappointment '' at the Court of Appeal ruling .
He said : `` It 's hugely frustrating for the club and the supporters . We need a new home . The sooner we get relocated the better . A bit more delay going through the correct processes is not going to kill the club .
`` We were very pleased to get planning permission in the first place . It seemed to have a lot of support from the local population around Sawston .
`` We 're asking for supporters to continue to be patient and to support us . It 's very important for the club to have support during what is a very difficult time for us all .
`` I ask supporters not to give up hope even though the decision has gone against us today . ''
Chairman of the Cambridge City Football Club Supporters ' Trust , Ken Anderson , said : `` As fans we 're very disappointed and somewhat surprised at the decision .
`` It 's a bit of a knock but we are all sticking together to try and come through all this . It 's not dead in the water . We 're determined to see all this through . ''
Pruitt Proposes New Rule Defining What Science Can Be Used By EPA
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Andrew/Getty Images Jason Andrew/Getty Images
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions .
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze . Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency 's decision-making more `` transparent , objective and measurable . ''
`` The American people ought to be able to have confidence , assurance , that the findings , the record that we build ... can be assessed , it can be evaluated , it can be analyzed , '' Pruitt said .
The Heartland Institute , a conservative think-tank , has commended Pruitt on the rule . `` For decades , the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives . It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis , '' Tim Heulskamp , the think tank 's president said in a statement .
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns . `` Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA , '' says Sean Gallagher , the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
The EPA 's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants , like pesticides and particulate matter . `` Those studies involve people like you and me , signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies wo n't reveal my personal health information , like my vital statistics , or my death certificate , if I die during the course of the study , '' says Gallagher . `` This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on , whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects . It involves private data . ''
And this private data ca n't be made public , he says . And so , it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making , he adds .
`` It would not help make the science any more transparent , '' says Andrew Rosenberg , of the Union of Concerned Scientists , an advocacy group representing scientists .
When he proposed the new rule , Pruitt talked about a `` replication crisis , '' referring to scientific studies that ca n't be reproduced . But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials , says Rosenberg , where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy .
`` That 's very different from what the EPA does , '' he adds . The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects . `` What are you supposed to do ? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey ? That 's really a false flag . ''
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency 's ability to protect public health , he says . It could affect the agency 's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products .
`` The scientific process is [ already ] incredibly transparent , '' says Gallagher . `` It 's evidence-based , it follows the facts where they go . It tries to root out bias . ''
`` The agency should be able to use all good , peer reviewed , scrutinized studies , '' he adds . `` It should n't be limiting the science . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The midi dress could be the answer to all your prayers this summer . Not only is it a fashionable and stylish option but it 's smart enough to wear to work .
If you want to go full on Meghan Markle about it then you could opt for a sleeveless option . The American actress showcased a charcoal grey Hugo Boss style this week and looked fabulous , of course .
( Image : Danny Martindale/WENN )
The bride-to-be is a fan of belt , as she knows it highlights her slender frame . The right to 'bare ' arms is n't going to appeal to everyone . A set of toned biceps is required and if you have n't been to the gym in like forever , you might want to opt for a version with a sleeve , or add a cropped jacket .
The great thing about the midi length is that it works with a heel for a smart day time look or you can throw on a flat sandal for a more relaxed vibe . Thankfully , the high street is brimming with options .
This College For Adult Learners Is A Refuge , Not Just A Career Boost
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
In the U.S. , more than 4 out of 10 undergraduate college students are above the age of 25 . When people talk about these adult students , you usually hear words like `` job skills '' and `` quickest path to a degree . ''
But for more than four decades , a special program in Washington state has sought to offer much more than that .
It 's called the Tacoma Program . Back in 1972 , Maxine Mimms , a professor at Evergreen State College , created a new kind of college at her kitchen table , designed to serve students who are starting over in life , and to give them access to deep , transformational learning .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
When we drive up to the tiny , strip-mall campus in Tacoma 's historically black Hilltop neighborhood , Mimms greets us wearing a headdress , a robe , a necklace , bracelets and rings crowded with gemstones .
She offers us coffee and takes a deep breath , then launches into her story .
Mimms started this college by teaching students in her home from 5 a.m. to 8 a.m. , before driving to her job at Evergreen State 's main campus in Olympia .
toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
`` I knew it in my heart , '' she says , `` knew it in my spirit that it would work , that it would be successful , because I did n't start with brick and mortar . I did n't care about the building . ''
Eventually , the Tacoma Program became an official campus of Evergreen State .
Mimms is retired now . When she turned 90 this spring , hundreds came to the celebration . Oprah sent her flowers .
This year , the program has more than 130 students . They come for about two years , during the day or at night , to finish up a bachelor 's degree they started someplace else . There 's also a master 's program in teaching .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
The average age for undergrads is 38 . Most are women and people of color . About 15 percent have been involved with the criminal justice system . There 's a special program about to launch for Native students .
`` This campus is about access . Access for the black and brown student to get a college degree , '' says Mimms . `` I do n't believe in any negatives . I believe that every black person born in America is a genius and brilliant . ''
toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
Evergreen State is known for progressive , independent learning . Students in the Tacoma Program design their own courses of study to address problems in society , like homelessness or mass incarceration . It 's both supportive and challenging .
And the model is working . A 2014 study showed that , for returning students nationwide , just 1 in 3 earned a degree after several years .
Evergreen Tacoma students do much , much better . Over the last decade , 4 out of 5 have eventually gotten their diplomas — two-thirds within the first two years . Out of the Class of 2017 , 91 percent are either employed or in graduate school . And 18 percent are both employed and in graduate school .
Like Anthony Norman , 44 , who owns a construction business . He just graduated and hopes to earn his Ph.D. in public policy and development starting in the fall at Tuskegee University in Alabama , a historically black university that has forged a relationship with Tacoma .
`` The subject matter here — it put me on a path so that I could observe that the things that happened in my life , to myself , to my family , were more than just a series of unfortunate circumstances , '' Norman says .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Jovelle Tamayo for NPR
For example , he mentions that he , his father and his brother have all been shot . His studies made him more aware of structural patterns of inequity . `` When you can look at the intricacies of things , you can try and see closer to the root of the problem . Rather than just cutting down a blackberry bush that keeps growing , you can actually dig down there and get the root out . ''
`` Here , we think of teaching and learning as helping to facilitate students ' sense of self , '' says Gilda Sheppard , the director of faculty and a sociologist and filmmaker .
Almost everyone fits in the auditorium , which is set up like a high school science fair today with folded cardboard displays . This is the spring fair , where students present capstone projects that are meant to benefit the community . A sign reads , `` ALUMNI PANEL ; ART THERAPY ; HUG AND MORE . '' Children ride on shoulders ; aunties and grandmas dance the `` Electric Slide . '' The city 's mayor , Victoria Woodards , stops by to congratulate the graduates . Norman , who gained video skills in Sheppard 's class , is filming .
Precious Yarborough is a 28-year-old doula , lactation educator and mother of five . Her graduating project is the Puget Sound Birth Professionals of Color , a group she founded to connect people in this area with support for healthy births .
Yarborough often brought her youngest son to class . `` All the students have held my baby at least a couple of times , '' she says . She , like others , tell us what really stands out here is the mutual support . `` The students around you are more like teammates than classmates , '' she says . If you miss class , you 'll likely get a few text messages checking in . The bonds are reinforced with lots of group projects .
The professors team up too . The classes all combine different topics , like photography and geometry . Students often journal and talk about their lives .
A strong learning community , service learning , independent research projects : these are what researcher George Kuh , founder of the National Survey of Student Engagement , calls `` high-impact practices . '' His and others ' research shows they make for more engagement and more persistence in college . This is especially crucial for adult students who , by definition , have n't been successful on a traditional educational path .
Evergreen 's Tacoma Program is what researcher and former college dean David Scobey calls a `` Great College for the New Majority '' because it graduates adults at very high rates — with a culture of strong support .
Mingxia Li has an M.D . from her native China and a Ph.D. in molecular pharmacology from Cornell . She 's also a poet . This spring , she co-taught a class with Anthony Zaragoza on 21st-century diseases . It explored how our evolutionary past contributes to public health problems like diabetes , heart disease and even homelessness and gun violence .
`` I learned very quickly once I came here that the students here are quite different . They have life experience , work experience , and social experience that I do n't know . '' Students love dissecting animals in her class , and she dreams that one day , one of them will decide to go to medical school .
But this kind of deep learning goes against what 's trendy for nontraditional students . Colleges that advertise to adult learners — say , on the bus — promise to put you into the latest , hottest technical jobs , quickly .
When NPR published a story recently extolling the virtues of trade school ( also in Washington State , as it turns out ) it went viral .
And the truth is , enrollment has been down here lately . The faculty has been cut from seven , to six , to just five members next year .
`` The bean counters do n't understand what it is we do here , '' says Peter Bacho , who has taught many subjects including law and literature .
Evergreen President George Bridges says that 's not true . They are launching a rebranding campaign to try to attract more students . But , there are headwinds . Employment is up , so fewer people nationwide are heading back to school . The University of Washington is expanding enrollment in Tacoma , offering another four-year option with greater name recognition . And , working-class residents are being pushed out of this gentrifying neighborhood as prices rise in nearby Seattle .
But for now , this place remains a refuge for the students who do find their way here . Like Kirby Christopher , who turned 60 the day after graduation . He originally dropped out of school in the seventh grade and spent years in and out of jails and prisons . Only one of his six siblings graduated from high school .
`` Since I came here to Evergreen , Tacoma campus , my heart has got bigger , '' he says . Christopher says that coming here , meeting Tacoma students and professors , and reading authors like bell hooks has changed his life . He wants to serve his community as a caseworker for those with mental health issues . It 's the kind of work the campus encourages in its motto : Enter to learn , depart to serve .
TAIPEI , Taiwan ( AP ) — Taiwan says China has been pressuring the governments of five countries in the Middle East , Africa and South America to force the island to change the names of its unofficial representative offices .
The foreign ministry says Beijing has pressured Nigeria , Bahrain , Jordan , the United Arab Emirates and Ecuador to remove “ Republic of China ” — Taiwan 's formal name — or “ Taiwan ” from Taiwan 's trade offices . None of the five is among Taiwan 's 20 remaining official allies .
It suggests Beijing is increasing the pressure on Taiwan , a self-governing democracy that Beijing claims as its territory . On Tuesday , Panama switched diplomatic relations from Taiwan to China .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters Thursday that the “ One China ” policy was fundamental and Beijing appreciates “ these nations ' way of handling issues with Taiwan . ”
Photo : Bloomberg
The US has agreed to put $ 150 billion tariffs on Chinese goods on hold though China has restricted itself only to making vague commitments . This suggests that Donald Trump 's gambit to reduce the US-China trade deficit by $ 200 billion is far from achieving its aim .
The trade deficit is , we believe , a symptom of a deeper malaise in the US . A large number of jobs have been outsourced to other countries , thereby creating a labour force that is sharply divided between those serving in the high-value services and high-technology sectors and others who are stuck in a stagnant spiral of low income and growth prospects .
This structural problem can not be solved by a tariff rate policy . Trump 's strategy on tariffs would have engendered a “ tariff dilemma ” game where countries can either raise or lower tariffs . They end up raising tariffs—this being the dominant strategy , even though all countries would be better off with low tariffs .
The US economy 's imbalance needs a long-term focus on a portfolio of activities , including reviving US manufacturing competitiveness . We restrict ourselves to the question of whether the exchange rate policy has any role to play in the US revival , given Trump 's election rhetoric on China being a currency manipulator .
Note that , unlike in the case of tariffs where all countries can raise tariffs simultaneously , all countries can not simultaneously devalue their currencies against each other . Hence , the process of competitive devaluation is one marked by rapid volatility of exchange rates as countries sequentially depreciate their currencies . The resulting uncertainty is harmful to all . Yet again , the pursuit of self-interest appears to end up in deleterious outcomes a la the prisoners ' dilemma .
Even if there is some benefit from depreciating the US dollar , how it is to be done is not clear . Low interest rates may trigger a migration of dollars in search of yield , resulting in a weak dollar . On the other hand , if the low rates represent depressed expectations about global economic conditions , they may result in a “ flight to safety ” into the US , thus strengthening the dollar .
Nevertheless , there remains an important asymmetry in the management of exchange rates between advanced and emerging economies . In emerging economies , central banks often intervene in foreign exchange markets . For instance , when there is an excess inflow of portfolio investment ( let us assume the inflow is in dollars ) , central banks buy dollars to keep the value of their currency at a low level . This is justified on the basis of the many crises occasioned by the volatility of portfolio flows into these economies . Advanced economies like the US are not subject to such volatility .
While emerging economies do need a tool to stabilize capital flows , intervention by central banks in foreign exchange markets is a blunt instrument with many uncontrolled spillover effects . Simultaneously , it leaves room for central banks to intervene in the foreign exchange market despite having stable inflows with a large component of foreign direct investment ( FDI ) , only to make exports and domestic assets more competitive . China has been accused of precisely such a transgression .
The result of possible manipulation of exchange rates is two-fold . First , US exports become expensive and imports from emerging economies cheap . Second , the desire of US companies to move to emerging economies , taking advantage of cheap factor inputs and favourable business conditions , gets strengthened given the devalued exchange rate . These firms export products all over the world from their foreign bases . Thus , jobs are shipped outside the US , hurting the US worker , while the business elite earn huge returns , increasing inequality .
Hence , the US must use its political capital to move to a different paradigm of managing exchange rates , both in emerging and advanced economies . Central bank intervention in foreign exchange markets should be avoided . Instead , in line with suggestions made by Olivier Jeanne and Anton Korinek , a tax-subsidy policy for regulating unstable capital flows should be adopted . A tax is imposed in case of a sudden spike in capital inflows , and a subsidy is given if inflows unexpectedly slow down . This policy does not have spillover effects and results in an inter-temporal balance in the government 's budget .
The recommendation of a tax subsidy scheme is in line with an old tradition in economics , associated with the British economist Arthur C. Pigou , in the treatment of externalities . Externalities are uncompensated costs imposed on others . Volatile capital flows cause externalities in emerging economies , as these can lead to an appreciation of the domestic currency , thus adversely affecting exports and employment . In this context , a tax on sudden and large capital inflows imposes a cost on the market participants and results in improved pace of capital flows .
Positioning the proposed policy within the Union ministry of finance could make it susceptible to political pressures . Hence , it 's advisable to create an independent body for such a purpose . This institutional structure would be similar to a Public Debt Office in countries like the UK as an autonomous government agency .
With exchange rate management occupying a space separate from both the monetary functions of the central bank and the usual fiscal role of the ministry of finance , we can look forward to greater stability in foreign exchange markets .
Rohit Prasad and Gurbachan Singh are , respectively , professor at MDI Gurgaon and visiting faculty at the Indian Statistical Institute ( Delhi Centre ) .
Comments are welcome at views @ livemint.com .
Is the Warning That Creatine 's Not For Teens Getting Through ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tara Moore/Getty Images Tara Moore/Getty Images
Creatine , a chemical constituent of meat and fish that 's legally been sold online , in supermarkets , health food stores and vitamin shops for at least a couple of decades , may be the most commonly used muscle-building supplement marketed .
But the safety and effectiveness of creatine has n't been rigorously analyzed by the Food and Drug Administration in the way that drugs are evaluated . And while proponents argue that the supplement 's long history of use by many athletes suggests it 's relatively safe for healthy adults , pediatricians warn that it 's unclear whether the supplement might harm the growing muscles and bones of kids and teens . That has n't been studied .
The American Academy of Pediatrics specifically recommends against its use by adolescents , and most of the flavored powders , tablets , energy bars and drink mixes containing creatine bear warning labels that the supplement is not recommended for anyone under 18 .
Even so , use of the supplement among teens seems to be rising , particularly among young male athletes . Researchers at the Steven and Alexandra Cohen Children 's Medical Center of New York wondered whether retailers were appropriately cautioning high schoolers and middle schoolers not to take the stuff .
So they did a little survey : A 20-year-old undergraduate , a member of the research team , called 244 health food stores across the U.S. , posing as a 15-year-old football player seeking to increase his muscle strength . In each phone call he asked workers at the stores for their recommendations about which , if any supplements he should take .
More than two thirds of the sales associates recommended creatine to the caller — despite the label clearly warning against its use by young people . The researchers published their findings in in the February 2017 issue of the journal , Pediatrics .
`` The biggest concern for teens is the potential impurity of the supplement , '' says Dr. Michelle LaBotz , a pediatrician in private practice who specializes in sports medicine and co-authored the cautionary position paper on creatine for the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Sports Medicine & Fitness .
Because the FDA only lightly regulates dietary supplements , LaBotz explains , the purity of these creatine products can not be assured ; some have been found to be contaminated with other substances , including testosterone , which can impair a child 's ability to grow and develop bone .
The body is an `` amazing machine which functions , for the most part , beautifully on its own , '' says Dr. Ruth Lynn Milanaik , who led the study .
`` There 's no need to rush the game of muscle mass , which can be added slowly and healthfully through clean living , a good diet and exercise , '' Milanaik tells Shots .
LaBotz says a solid , strength training program can increase a teen 's strength by 30 percent or more in 12 weeks , and is far more effective than taking creatine .
Milanaik says her findings should be considered a `` call to arms '' for parents , coaches , pediatricians and retailers , to address and discuss potential risk of supplement use , especially with adolescent athletes .
Allison Markin is the food and libations columnist for the Penticton Western News . Western News file photo
While the wineries are in the midst of harvest , fall wine festival , and the release of fall wines , there are a number of wine-geek educational opportunities coming to the Okanagan for those us who can step away from the artistry of the wine press ( on Instagram ? the slow motion videos of flowing grape juice are mesmerizing ) to listen to lectures on the industry itself .
The Penticton Public Library is hosting a series of talks with a number of partners , and the public is invited to take part in British Columbia as a Wine Territory : Catalyzing Shared Understanding of its Identity , a series of talks that will explore various aspects of the wine territory beyond beautiful landscapes and stunning vistas , intended to spark discussion on economic development in the Okanagan
Four talks have been at the library : Creativity , Universities and Regional Socio-Economic Development , Thursday , Oct. 12 , noon to 1 p.m. ; Collaboration and Understanding in a Successful Wine Cluster , Thursday , Nov. 9 , noon to 1 p.m. ; Creativity and Voice in a Successful Economy , Thursday , Nov. 23 , noon to 1 p.m. and Identity and Cohesion in a Successful Wine Cluster , Nov. 30 from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m .
The public talks accompany Refractions : Appreciating the British Columbia wine territory , an exhibition on display at the Penticton Public Library until Nov. 30 . Both the talks and the exhibition are supported by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada ( SSHRC ) . For more information , visit http : //ubckedgewine.ca/2017exhibition .
Meanwhile , following on the heels of the news that Andrew Peller Ltd. is purchasing three Okanagan wineries , the company 's chair and CEO , John E. Peller , will be the keynote speaker at the third Wine Talks event , a collaboration between Okanagan College and Liquidity Winery . Wine Talks will be held on Tuesday , Oct. 24 at the Penticton campus of Okanagan College ( room PC 113 , 583 Duncan Ave. West ) , from 7 to 9 p.m. , including a coffee and wine break . Tickets are $ 20 and can be purchased online at www.okanagan.bc.ca/winetalks .
And , if you have n't yet checked the calibre of international speakers coming to the Wine and Culinary Tourism Futures Conference coming to Kelowna head to : http : //wineandculinarytourismfutures.ca/
It 's a good season to grab a pen and take notes on the wine industry , not just the wine in your glass .
Save the Date
( click the links to learn more about the event )
Oct. 6 and 7 , Penticton : Part of the Okanagan Fall Wine Festival , take in Cropped , B.C . 's largest wine tasting and farmers market , with live music and more .
Oct. 7 , Okanagan Falls : Join Kitchen Sync Catering at Painted Rock to celebrate harvest with a hardy fall meal and wines .
Oct. 7 , Penticton : Lang Vineyards on the Naramata Bench celebrates its version of Oktoberfest with authentic German food and live music .
Oct. 7 , Naramata Bench : Select Naramata Bench wineries will roll out the barrels , offering samples straight from the barrel . Times vary .
Oct. 14 , Kaleden : Flambe Catering tackles Oktoberfest at the historic 1912 with a gourmet Bavarian buffet , costume prizes , and beer from Cannery Brewing .
Oct. 15 , Naramata : Come together for a community potluck celebrating harvest the local slow food movement with Naramata Slow Harvest Supper .
Oct. 21 , Penticton : Tickets are on sale for Penticton 's Oktoberfest at the Penticton Trade and Convention Centre .
Oct. 21 , Oliver : Hester Creek hosts a long table dinner with Chef Rod Butters , author of the new cookbook , An Okanagan Table : The Art of Everyday Cooking . Call 250-498-4435 ext 228 to reserve .
Oct. 24 , Penticton : Liquidity Winery teams up with Okanagan College for the third installment of Wine Talks , this time featuring John Peller , Chair and CEO of Andrew Peller Ltd .
Oct. 13-30 , Vernon : Take a road trip to Vernon for Dine Around Downtown , as 10 restaurants prepare special three-course menus .
Allison Markin is the food and libations columnist for the Penticton Western News . She can be reached at Allison @ AllSheWrote.ca and on Twitter @ OkanaganTaste .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sadio Mane and Mo Salah have been crucial to Liverpool 's success this season .
Chelsea flop Salah has scored 26 goals in all competitions while Mane has weighed in with nine .
And former Kop star Danny Murphy believes he knows the secret to the pair 's success .
“ What Salah and Mane do , and I 've watched them several times this season , is they are partly brilliant when they attack because they cheat a bit , ” he told Sky Sports ' The Debate .
( Image : REUTERS )
“ They do n't track full-back really that often and when Liverpool break out they break with pace .
“ Those two particularly with their pace against Tottenham 's full-backs could be a problem .
“ If Pochettino plays four at the back at Anfield and goes for Liverpool they are going to be in trouble .
( Image : John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
“ If he plays five at the back it 's different because you 'll have Mane and Salah running onto three and not running in behind full-backs . ''
Liverpool takes on Tottenham on Sunday as they bid to keep the pressure on second-place Manchester United .
`` The Blues Brothers '' - June 13
`` Caddyshack '' - June 20
`` Julie and Julia '' - June 27
`` El Norte '' - July 11
`` La La Land '' - July 18
`` Network '' - July 25
`` Bend it Like Beckham '' - August 1
Full Moon Double Feature : `` Ghost '' and `` The Shining '' - August 8
`` Hidden Figures '' - August 15
`` Five Heartbeats '' - August 22
`` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs 80th Anniversary '' Family Daytime Screening - 10 a.m. , August 24
`` The Princess Bride '' - August 29
`` Wayne 's World '' - September 5
The summer tradition of movies at Millennium Park returns on June 13.The season will open with `` The Blues Brothers '' and some of the other films include `` Wayne 's World , '' `` Hidden Figures , '' and a double feature night showing both `` Ghost '' and `` The Shining . `` The movies will be displayed on a 40-foot LED screen at the Jay Pritzker Pavilion.Admission is free and they run through August , weather permitting.Check out the full schedule below : For more information , click here
TOLLAND , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Dispatchers in Tolland say a construction flagger was thrown almost 30 feet after being hit by a car on Merrow Road on Wednesday morning .
Around 2 a.m. on Wednesday , Tolland firefighters and first responders were dispatched to the area of 128 Merrow Road on a report of a car versus a pedestrian .
Life Star was requested , but cancelled shortly after due to a 25-minute estimated time of arrival . Instead , the victim was rushed by ambulance to the trauma center at St. Francis Hospital in Hartford .
Dispatchers say the victim was thrown approximately 27 feet from the road over the guardrail .
They say Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) has been notified , and troopers were on-scene investigating .
Tolland first responders are urging drivers to “ # slowdowninworkzone . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A dad involved in the car crash with Ant McPartlin has reportedly said the television presenter had been “ driving like a maniac ” and “ could have wiped out my family ” .
The claims come as McPartlin quit TV “ for the foreseeable future ” after deciding to check himself back into rehab .
This weekend 's episode of his ITV show Saturday Night Takeaway has been axed in the wake of his drink-drive arrest .
Faheem Vanoo , 41 , was driving a green Mini carrying wife Shilpa Dandekar and the couple 's four-year-old girl Amaira when the car was involved in the smash with a Mini driven by McPartlin .
Faheem claimed he was forced to take evasive action to avoid a head-on crash .
( Image : Facebook )
He reportedly said : “ I 'm convinced that split-second turn of the wheel saved us all from being crippled or killed . I reckon he was doing 50 or 60mph .
“ I do n't care whether he 's a millionaire [ and ] a famous TV star – he could have put my daughter in a wheelchair . ”
His wife Shilpa reportedly said she had to be restrained as she attempted to confront McPartlin , 42 . She said : “ I was so angry with him I lost my cool and tried to run up to him and smash his face – I had to be held back . ”
The crash in South West London led to McPartlin 's arrest .
Shilpa told the Mirror last night : “ We 've never met a TV presenter before and we hope that it 's the last time . ”
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
She added : “ I suffered a sprained shoulder and bruises . My daughter was checked out by medics and she was fine .
“ It 's been quite the shock and a nightmare but we are getting on with things . We are all okay now . ”
Shilpa hinted that McPartlin had been in touch .
Asked if they had been contacted by the TV star , Shilpa replied : “ My husband is dealing with that side of things – I ca n't talk about it . ”
A close member of McPartlin 's family has told of the star 's distress that a child was involved in the smash .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The relative on Tyneside told the Mirror : “ He is going through a bad time .
“ Ant and [ his mum ] Christine have bruises . They are sore and in shock . Thankfully everyone was fine and it was bruising rather than any serious injuries . Ant was distraught any children were involved . ”
Another family member admitted those close to the Geordie star are “ going through a lot ” .
While this week 's Saturday Night Takeaway has been canned , the following two episodes – the last ones in the series – may go ahead .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
But they would not feature McPartlin . His co-star , best pal Declan Donnelly , “ could easily present solo or with special guests ” , a TV source said last night .
McPartlin was released from custody at 2am yesterday , and headed straight back to his West London home to be reunited with mum Christine , 61 .
She was the passenger in McPartlin 's black Mini when it crashed into two cars in Mortlake at 4pm on Sunday .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
He failed a breathalyser test at the scene and was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . He got home at 2.40am .
The TV host and his team were locked in crisis talks for 90 minutes yesterday at the £2million home in
Chiswick . He has also talked to pal Dec , 42 . McPartlin 's publicist said in a ­statement : “ Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments .
“ He has spoken with Dec and ITV today , and asked for time off for the foreseeable future .
“ As such , Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Daily Mirror )
An ITV spokesman said : “ ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
“ We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series which would not feature Ant ... We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs . ”
Prime-time show Saturday Night Takeaway pulls in more than eight million viewers .
The arrest is the latest setback for McPartlin who is worth £60million .
He entered rehab for the first time last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015 . And in January , he confirmed he and wife Lisa Armstrong were separating after 11 years of marriage .
Sources say McPartlin 's mum Christine has been with her son in London “ off and on ” for several weeks after the split .
Lisa , 41 , yesterday said she was “ not interested ” in talking about his decision to step down from his TV work .
Two dogs – one called Hurley – were in the back of McPartlin 's car at the time of the crash . They have been checked by a vet and are fine , a source said .
The Met police said McPartlin was questioned at a South London police station and inquiries are ongoing .
McPartlin became hooked on painkiller Tramadol after “ botched ” surgery .
He battled depression and admitted to drinking heavily . But he said he was not an alcoholic , adding : “ I was just drinking too much to numb the pain . ”
He returned to TV last November to co-host I 'm a Celebrity .
The Chicago Cubs announced their National League Division Series roster Friday morning.Pitchers on the roster are Carl Edwards Jr. , Kyle Hendricks , Brian Duensing , Jon Lester , Justin Wilson , Mike Montgomery , John Lackey , Pedro Strop , Jake Arrieta , Jose Quintana , and Wade Davis.Infielders are Tommy La Stella , Ian Happ , Javier Baez , Kris Bryant , Ben Zobrist , Addison Russell , and Anthony Rizzo.Outfielders are Albert Almora Jr. , Kyle Schwarber , Jason Heyward , Leonys Martin , and Jon Jay.Also on the roster are catchers Willson Contreras and Alex Avila.The Cubs play their first NLDS 2017 game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park at 7:30 p.m. Friday .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A nursery worker who abused three tots and told one , ' I 'd love to put your head through a window ' faces being struck off .
Laura Houston was found guilty last year of abusing three youngsters in her care , some who were aged one .
She drew a moustache on a sleeping toddler 's face and pulled his legs , causing him to fall and hit his face .
The 25-year-old also deliberately tripped up a second child and slapped another 's chest , the Daily Record .
( Photo : Internet Unknown )
She was convicted of the assaults last August at Paisley Sheriff Court and was given a 12-month community payback order despite being branded “ a danger to children ” .
She faces a hearing in front of care watchdogs next week and could be banned from working with kids .
Vile Houston , who carried out the abuse between August 2014 and February 2015 at Happy Days Too nursery in Busby near Glasgow , is due to appear at a misconduct hearing at the Scottish Social Services Council in Dundee on Wednesday .
( Photo : Internet Unknown )
She faces charges relating to her convictions as well as other allegations .
It 's alleged she told a child : ' I 'd love to put your head through a window . '
She also allegedly deliberately tripped up a one-year-old on more than one occasion and trying to force-feed another child , causing them to gag .
( Photo : Google Street View )
Another charge claims she encouraged one tot to push and bite another youngster .
Houston was suspended from the nursery as soon as the assault allegations came to light and resigned in February 2015 .
/
Be more productive by getting your mind and body in sync .
April 24 , 2018 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
If you 're working on a deadline , trying to build something in your free time while working a full-time job or just hoping to be more productive , Entrepreneur Network partner Ben Angel can teach you strategies that will help you get more done in less time . These strategies can get your body and mind in sync so you have better focus when you need it .
You might need to take a look at any potential food sensitivities and your sugar intake to see how you can change your diet , or make other simple changes that will make a big difference in the long run . Click play to learn more and get more done .
Related : How to Get Into Your Most Productive Zone -- Faster
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
The Mike Francesa drama hit a fever pitch this morning when he said it 's time for him to return to WFAN and that unnamed enemies mounted a “ campaign ” to stop it , and just like that Bob Raissmann of the New York Daily News has the scoop :
Francesa will be back in the 3 p.m.-7 p.m. slot , according to well-embedded Hudson Street ( FAN Headquarters ) rats . The sources said the 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. slot will be divided between Joe Benigno and Evan Roberts , currently FAN 's 10 a.m. – 3 p.m. team , and CMB , aka Chris Carlin , Maggie Gray and Bart Scott , who replaced Francesa earlier this year .
Andrew Marchand from the NY Post adds :
The likely time for Mike 's new show is either 3-6:30 or 3:30-6:30 , but Mike is saying there are conspiracy theories and campaigns against him so all reporting is a by the moment thing . — Andrew Marchand ( @ AndrewMarchand ) April 24 , 2018
If and when this goes down , this can only be seen as a total cave on both sides . WFAN was petrified that CMB lost the 25-54 male demographic by a hair to ESPN NY 's Michael Kay Show in the winter quarter ratings book . Francesa , working with CAA sports co-head Michael Levine , was clearly unable to find other viable enough suitors for services .
This is a terrible job from WFAN management , who had two years to find a good replacement for Francesa and pulled the plug after just a few months , a miniscule amount of time for a new show to find its footing . Francesa took a longer farewell tour than Billy Joel , culminating in December , and he 's already knocking his replacements of drive time . CMB may have been boring , but if it 's getting demoted after just one book it never had a legitimate chance to succeed .
Selfishly , I 'm glad there will be a place to go to hear Francesa 's opinion any time there is a big New York sports story , but it would have been more interesting to watch him take a risk on a different platform . Beyond that , if he was going back to WFAN , it would have been a much better poker move from a leverage perspective to wait until August . Francesa takes a ton of time off in the summer , so he 's going to come back now and then just go away again in July and August ?
In any event , it will be fascinating to monitor when he returns .
Why Shifting World Cup Fandoms Does n't Always Work Out What do you do when your home country 's team does n't make it into the World Cup ? Commentator Mike Pesca digs into the perils of shifting support from team to team in the soccer tournament .
Why Shifting World Cup Fandoms Does n't Always Work Out Why Shifting World Cup Fandoms Does n't Always Work Out Why Shifting World Cup Fandoms Does n't Always Work Out Audio will be available later today . What do you do when your home country 's team does n't make it into the World Cup ? Commentator Mike Pesca digs into the perils of shifting support from team to team in the soccer tournament . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
PHOTO GALLERY : Indy Fuel v. Toledo Walleye 2/3/2018
The Indy Fuel lose to the Toledo Walleye 4-2 Saturday , February 3 , 2018 at Indiana Farmers Coliseum in Indianapolis , IN . The Indy Fuel held its annual Blackhawks Night with special guests Jim Cornelison ( Blackhawks Anthem Singer ) , Daniel Carcillo ( former Chicago Blackhawk ) , Tommy Hawk ( Blackhawks mascot ) , and the Chicago Blackhawks Ice Girls . ( Rachel Lewis – Inside Hockey )
May 2 Mastercard Inc :
* Mastercard Inc- first-quarter net income of $ 1.1 billion , or $ 1.00 per diluted share
* Mastercard Inc - first-quarter net revenue increase of 12 % , to $ 2.7 billion
* Mastercard Inc - first-quarter adjusted gross dollar volume up 8pct and purchase volume up 9pct
* Reports first-quarter adjusted net income of $ 1.1 billion , or $ 1.01 per adjusted diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.95 , revenue view $ 2.65 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Mastercard inc - as of March 31 , 2017 , the company 's customers had issued 2.4 billion mastercard and maestro-branded cards
* Mastercard inc - qtrly increase in switched transactions of 17pct , to 14.7 billion
* Mastercard - qtrly 8pct increase in gross dollar volume , on a local currency basis , adjusting for impact of recent eu regulatory changes , to 1.2 trillion
* Mastercard - qtrly increase in cross-border volumes of 13pct on a local currency basis Source text for Eikon : [ ID : $ 1.00 per diluted share ] Further company coverage :
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item , a judge told Plath . ( FILE )
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item , a judge told Plath . ( FILE ) John Weekes
FAMILY who travelled from far away helped persuade a judge to give another chance to a man with a long criminal history ..
Bundaberg 's Daniel William Plath had already spent 224 days in custody by the time he appeared in court on Tuesday .
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes said the Bundaberg man faced an `` array of offences ” which included drug possession , obstructing police , and a weapons charge .
Prosecutors said Plath , 41 , was charged for having drugs including oxycodone , testosterone and diazepam .
Brisbane Supreme Court heard there was no allegation Plath was dealing commercially .
The Crown said an aggravating feature of some offending was that Plath was on bail .
Defence counsel Robert East said loved ones travelled from places including Coffs Harbour to support Plath on Tuesday .
`` They 've all been to see him in prison , ” Mr East added .
Plath also faced a charge of failing to appear but Mr East said his client `` to his credit ” presented himself to police after realising he had failed to report on time .
The Chief Justice said one charge related to Plath smashing a glass pipe with his foot in a `` not too effective act of concealment ” .
She told Plath : `` You have a bad criminal history ” with many charges including breaching domestic violence orders .
But she added : `` It seems when you go to jail you think about things a bit more and you get back on track . ”
The judge said Plath 's relatives took the trouble to visit Brisbane .
She said one relative had explained to the court some hardships Plath had previously encountered .
The Chief Justice told Plath he needed help , and should enrol in programs to prevent reoffending - if not for himself , then for his loved ones .
Plath was sentenced to 20 months jail but released on parole immediately . - NewsRegional
In 1993 , Alex Wagner saw a familiar face on the cover of Time magazine : It was a computer-generated picture of a multiethnic woman who reminded her of ... herself .
Wagner 's father is white and from the Midwest ; her mother is from what was then Burma . And after reading the Time story on `` The New Face of America , '' Wagner , then a teenager , decided to embrace her identity as a `` futureface . ''
`` I liken it to sort of thinking you were a pigeon and then finding out you were a toucan , '' says Wagner , now a journalist . `` It was like this thing that no one else had , this 'futureface . ' But as I got older , I felt the weightlessness of that . And I wanted to know what grounded me . ''
Wagner was filled with questions about where she belonged , which family stories were myths and which stories were left untold . Her new book , Futureface , is her attempt to find answers about her ancestry .
`` In the initial stages , I sort of started talking to family members , and they would tell me these stories , '' Wagner says . `` And inevitably — we all find this — there were snags in those stories , little kind of asides that did n't make sense . And I pulled them , and that 's really what the book is about . ''
Interview Highlights
On her mother 's and grandmother 's memories of home
Burma — and let me be clear , it 's also known as Myanmar — and the reason a lot of Burmese and Burmese exiles call it Burma : It 's a form of political resistance to the ruling military junta .
The stories of Burma were always redolent with the scent of frangipani blossoms , and , you know , these incredibly gauzy memories about life in the aftermath of British colonialism , which were n't ... political stories . But they were stories about this just incredibly romantic way of life . My grandmother would talk about having bananas at teatime and carrying palm fronds when the monsoon rains came , and I accepted all of those stories because they were like poetry . But they were n't grounded in any particular reality , and they did n't answer the fundamental question , which was , `` If life in Burma was so good , why did we leave ? ''
On fact-checking her family 's history
As I did the research talking to people in my family — namely my grandmother , who had the greatest wealth of stories — I also started cross-referencing some of the things she was telling me about with historical documents , which is not what we often do in the realm of family histories . And then , of course , I traveled to Burma . I went to the Burmese archives , which was a comedic endeavor if ever there was one . There was nothing , really — not much of an archive .
But what I did discover is that some of these sort of petty bigotries that were made manifest in family stories tied back to a very violent and virulent strain of Burmese nationalism that I had never even considered . ... In many ways , the Burmese upper class like my grandmother turned a blind eye to Indian massacres that happened in Burma ... at the time my family lived there .
On her father 's side of the family and the `` White Immigrant Origin Story ''
The White Immigrant Origin Story is effectively the American origin story , which is that , `` We immigrants from Western Europe left the Old World , we started anew , and because of our hard work and divine providence , we made it in America . '' ...
For the most part , the White Immigrant Origin Story either glosses over huge parts of reality and history — or is just a lie . And in the case of my grandfather , what we knew about him was built on falsehoods . And as I went back to Luxembourg and did intense genealogical detective work to find out who this person was , I realized that he bore no resemblance to the person we thought he was . And that was important because the heroism that is a fundamental part of the White Immigrant Origin Story , I think , can be exclusionary . And what I 'm trying to do in this book , I think , is to find a more inclusive narrative when we talk about America .
On finding her own community
I think we do a lot of work in this day and age focusing on the future and on the past . And we hope that somehow , we 'll find something in both places . But what I realized through all of this digging through , the place where you can really find yourself is , of course , right here , and that we do n't invest enough in the present . When we think of community , we think of some sort of nebulous , faraway group of people rather than the men and the women who touch our daily lives . And I realized that my people basically had been with me all along . ...
And I think as simple as that is , it 's changed my worldview . It 's changed the way I think of every single day . I began this book really feeling lonely and really plumbing the depths of my existential despair , but I came out of it feeling like I was part of a fabric that was pretty tightly woven .
Sam Gringlas and Melissa Gray produced and edited the audio story . Sydnee Monday adapted it for the Web .
New Delhi : With the Samajwadi Party split , neither faction may get the ` cycle ` symbol ahead of the assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh , former Chief Election Commissioner SY Quraishi said on Monday .
`` Both sides will give affidavits and evidence in support of their claims along with signatures of their supporters to prove they enjoy majority support , '' Quraishi told India Today TV channel .
`` These will be verified and this may take four to five months , '' he added . `` I don ` t see this happening before the elections as both sides have strong base and the claims will be contested strongly .
`` The ( election ) symbol will be frozen and ad-hoc names and ad-hoc symbols may be given to both sides . A final decision will come after due process in due course of time , '' he added .
With IANS inputs
CHICAGO ( AP ) - An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock , saying it ca n't assess whether his prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after he goes to trial .
The 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it does n't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict . No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock 's trial on 22 corruption counts .
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds . He resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of his spending , including to redecorate his Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show `` Downton Abbey . ''
A Schock spokesman did n't have an immediate comment .
Saudi Crown Prince Begins Trip Across America Looking For Investors As Saudi crown prince , Mohammad Bin Salman travels across America he will have one major hurdle : Americans do n't like his country very much . His itinerary looks like a public relations campaign to reset U.S. public opinion .
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. ( AP ) — Alabama 's race for U.S. Senate settled into church for worship on Sunday , with the minister at a historic black congregation calling the race a life-or-death matter for equal rights , conservatives standing by Republican Roy Moore and others feeling unsettled in the middle .
Speaking at Birmingham 's 16th Street Baptist Church , where four black girls died in a Ku Klux Klan bombing in 1963 , the Rev . Arthur Price evoked the civil rights era between hymns . Democratic nominee Doug Jones prosecuted the last two Klansmen convicted in the attack and has attended events at the church , a downtown landmark with twin domed towers .
“ There 's too much at stake for us to stay home , ” Price said of Tuesday 's election . He did n't endorse Jones from the pulpit but in a later interview called the candidate “ a hero ” to the congregation and Birmingham .
Despite allegations of sexual misconduct involving teen girls decades ago , Moore is n't being abandoned by worshippers at Montgomery 's Perry Hill Road Baptist Church , where Moore spoke at a “ God and Country ” rally in September before the accusations arose .
Leaving the red-brick building after a service that ended with a hymn and an altar call , Kevin Mims said he did n't believe the claims against Moore . But even if true , he said , they occurred long ago , and Moore is a conservative who stands “ on the word of God . ”
“ Everyone has to vote their convictions , ” said Mims , holding a Bible . “ My conviction is he 's the right man for the job . ”
Lines are n't so clearly defined elsewhere .
Interviews with a dozen parishioners at Mobile 's Ashland Place United Methodist Church , the home church of U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions , turned up neither any Moore defenders nor confirmed votes for Jones . The prevailing mood seemed to be one of frustration over having to choose between a Republican with Moore 's baggage and any Democrat .
“ I will vote for Judge Moore , ” said Bill Prine , of Mobile . “ I 'm not a fan of his , but I 'll have to stick with the Republicans . ”
The candidates also spent time in church . Accompanied by Sen. Cory Booker ( D-NJ ) , Rep. Terri Sewell ( D-Ala ) , and others , Jones tweeted a photo from More Than Conquerors Faith Church , a large black congregation in Birmingham . Aides to Moore , who has been almost invisible on the campaign trail during the closing days of the race , did n't disclose his whereabouts Sunday .
After church , Jones told supporters in a cramped campaign office that the results of Tuesday 's vote would send a message far beyond Alabama 's borders .
“ This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for , ” he said , adding : “ This campaign , ladies and gentlemen , is on the right side of history . ”
President Donald Trump weighed in on the race with a phone message that state voters will receive beginning Monday urging them to vote for Moore .
“ I 'm going to make America safer and stronger and better than ever before . But we need that seat ; we need Roy voting for us , ” Trump said in audio of the call provided by the Moore campaign .
Polls show the race too close to call . While Moore had a clear path to victory in a state where no Democrat holds statewide office , the 70-year-old has been fighting for his political life since reports surfaced a month ago that he made sexual advances on teen girls when he was a deputy district attorney in his 30s .
Speaking on CNN on Sunday , GOP Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby said allegations that Moore molested a 14-year-old were the “ tipping point ” in his decision to cast a write-in ballot for a “ distinguished Republican ” rather than to vote for Moore or Jones .
“ There 's a lot of smoke , ” Shelby said . “ Got to be some fire somewhere . ”
Roy Moore 's chief strategist , Dean Young , tried to tie Moore to the star of President Donald Trump , who remains popular among state Republicans despite low national approval ratings .
“ If the people of Alabama vote for this liberal Democrat Doug Jones , they 're voting against the president , who they put in office at the highest level , ” Young said on ABC News ' “ This Week with George Stephanopoulos . ”
In a state considered part of the Bible Belt , the allegations transformed a race into an unexpected referendum on which is better : a man accused of child molestation claims he vehemently denies or a Democrat ?
For many conservative Republicans , there 's really no choice .
“ To me , there 's only one person in the race , and that 's Judge Moore , ” said David Smith , leaving Perry Hill Baptist with his wife , Cecilia . The two have a recording of Moore 's speech earlier this year at their church and sometimes listen to it in the car for inspiration .
At 16th Street Baptist , Merion Turner recalled participating in civil rights marches and was in high school at the time of the bombing . Turner said she would vote for the Democrat on Tuesday , though her choice has little to do with the allegations of sexual misconduct against Moore .
“ I just do n't like all the division in this country right now , ” she said . “ I think Doug Jones would help that . ”
___
Chandler reported from Montgomery ; Barrow reported from Mobile . Associated Press writer Jay Reeves contributed to this report from Birmingham .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CD Set Offers A Long , Satisfying View Of The New York Philharmonic Orchestra The New York Philharmonic celebrates its 175th birthday with a box set dating back to its very first recordings a century ago , featuring some of the greatest musicians of the 20th-century .
Marines assigned to Alpha Company , 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , set up the M1A2 Bangalore Torpedo during Integrated Training Exercise ( ITX ) 2-17 at Range 400 , aboard Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center , Twentynine Palms , California , Feb. 6 , 2017 . ITX is a combined-arms exercise which gives all elements of the Marine Air Ground Task Force an opportunity to utilize capabilities during large scale missions to become a more ready fighting force . 1/3 is currently participating as the ground combat element for this exercise . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Aaron S. Patterson/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.06.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID : 3166321 VIRIN : 170206-M-QH615-002 Resolution : 5472x3648 Size : 8.01 MB Location : MCAGCC , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 2 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 1st Battalion , 3rd Marines tear up Range 400 [ Image 1 of 259 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
All He 's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal . How Long Can He Chase His Dream ? Kyle Johnson is a young man who wants to be a coal miner more than anything . NPR 's Embedded podcast follows his search for a job in a region where the future of coal is in question .
`` Russia donated six MiG-29 fighter jets , the first modernization stages of which would only cost us between 180 million euros [ $ 187 million ] and 230 million euros … That is incomparable with what we had before . We also received 30 T-72С tanks and 30 BRDM-2 [ armored vehicles ] as a gift , '' Vucic said in a statement .
Meanwhile , members of Serbian Students for Truth ( SfT ) movement asked the defense ministry to have the names of Serbian nationals killed by the 1999 NATO bombings of Yugoslavia painted on the Russian MiGs .
© Photo : Facebook/ Студенти за истину Russian MIGs with Serbian pilots painted on them
In an interview with Sputnik Serbia , SfT representative Ivan Ristic , said that the idea to “ personalize ” the planes was a good chance to bring back memories of Serbia 's fallen heroes .
“ This is the first time that we are getting fighter planes since 1987 . After all necessary repairs , we will have our own fleet of fourth generation Russian fighters to protect our airspace and , if necessary , to defend Serbia and also the Bosnian Serb Republic against any aggression . ”
He added that now that Croatia has received a number of combat helicopters from the US , it was clear that it might want to use them against Bosnia and Serbia , which are the only two former Yugoslav republics still not in NATO .
“ That 's why the Russian planes give us a chance to shift the strategic balance of forces in the region in our favor , ” Ivan Ristic emphasized .
There were three Serbian Air Force Pilots and an estimated 270 Yugoslav Army personnel and police killed during 1999 NATO bombings of Federal Yugoslavia .
Air Force pilot Milenko Pavlovic died on May 1999 in a dogfight with an entire squadron of NATO warplanes .
Zoran Radosavljevic was killed on March26 , just a day after his colleague , Zivota Djuric , was shot down following an air raid on arms depots used by Kosovo Liberation Army terrorists . To avoid being taken prisoner , Zivota Djuric drove his damaged plane straight into the enemy positions .
Ivan Ristic said that the names of all Serbian pilots who fell defending their country before and during the 1999 NATO attack will appear on the Russian MiGs .
© Photo : Facebook/ Студенти за истину Russian MIGs with Serbian pilots painted on them
“ One such hero , Milos Zunic , died defending Belgrade against the Axis countries during the so-called April War of 1941 , ” Ivan Ristic said .
In an interview with Life News , the movement 's founding member Neven Djenadija spoke about the significance of Russia 's decision to hand the fighter jets over to Belgrade .
“ There is a certain symbolism in all this because the first warplane in the Serbian army was made in Russia , bought with money raised by the Serbian Orthodox Church and readers of the Petrograd newspaper Novoye Vremya ( The New Times ) , ” Djenadija said .
He added that the idea to have the names of the heroic Serbian pilots , who died defending their country in 1999 , emblazoned on the Russian warplanes came to him the moment he saw the Russian MiGs coming in .
“ The main reason why our pilots were killed was because their planes were not fit to fly . This is very sad episode , but a good lesson too , which taught us how best to defend our country , ” he noted .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
There are no second chances in golf and no margin for error . Throw away the regular season records . It all comes down to one score…one day .
In order for a team to have a great day at the Division I championship , you need four golfers to score in the 70s—and one of those golfers probably has to flirt with the 60s . That 's just what you need to be in the mix with the better teams in the state .
Forget about what it takes to come away with the win .
Five of the top seven teams in the Division I championship produced at least three golfers in the 70s . Southington just had one . But Southington coach Jim DiNello said that he believes four out of his five top golfers were all capable of shooting in the 70s as well .
“ I would have to believe that the other guys that played pretty good golf all year long were capable of doing that , but it just did n't work out that way for us , ” the coach said . “ We had a couple guys that were able to do that , but I 'm still proud of them . ”
Southington 's performance at the state championship certainly was n't for a lack of effort , but near-40-degree weather and a soggy golf course are n't your ideal tournament conditions . Still , DiNello said that he did n't want to blame conditions .
“ Everyone played in the same conditions , and other teams were able to post really good scores , ” said the coach . “ In that kind of venue , you need to have a certain degree of mental toughness and play one shot at a time , putting the weather in the back of your mind . ”
After coming off the CCC Championship with a 329 at conference championship less than a week earlier , the Blue Knight golf team went a stroke higher at the Division I championship with a 330 ( 42-over-par ) , placing 13th out of 20 teams .
“ For this team , I felt like somewhere under 320 was realistic for us , ” the coach said . “ That would have been on a day where maybe we did n't have our best stuff . ”
Nate L'Heureux was the only Southington golfer to shoot in the 70s , tying for 23rd with several golfers after carding a 78 ( 6-over-par ) .
“ Nate is a good ball striker , ” said DiNello . “ You ca n't spray the ball all over the place , you have to understand when to leave the driver in the bag , and you have to be willing to take bogey , take your medicine , and move on to the next hole . Those are all things that Nate has learned to do pretty well over the course of his four years . ”
Max Chubet recorded Southington 's second-best round after carding an 81 . CJ McManus ( 83 ) , Cam Zegzdryn ( 88 ) , and Mike Zera ( 88 ) contributed as well .
“ Max in the five spot playing his first open with an 81 was really good , ” the coach said . “ I think the other guys would probably tell you that they felt they probably could have played better . ”
Golfers were scheduled to tee off at 7:30 a.m. on the morning of Tuesday , June 6 , but heavy rain at Fairview Farms Golf Club in Harwinton delayed the championship for about an hour and a half . The delay not only let a pocket of storms move through , not allowing the Knights to get hit with a single droplet , but it was beneficial in another way as well .
“ For a lot of high school guys , not just our team , that 's a pretty early day to get started in what is the biggest golf day of the year for the kids , ” said DiNello . “ It gave the guys a chance to kind of calm down and settle down , not having to get there and run right out to the tees . ”
Xavier edged Greenwich by six strokes to claim the Division I title with all four of its golfers in the 70s . Chris Fosdick led the way for the Falcons with an even-par 72 . Hamden 's Alexander Aurora was medalist with a 69 , followed by Greenwich 's Jackson Fretty ( 71 ) .
The Knights are losing seniors L'Heureux , Zera , and John Mindek to graduation after this season . DiNello was able to start several different lineups this year , including three freshmen in varsity spots at different points over the season . All of those freshmen broke 40 in varsity matches .
“ Conceivably , there are freshmen , sophomores , and seniors going into next year , and it 's wide open , ” the coach said . “ I 'm optimistic about what I think can happen . These guys are all really passionate about golf , and I know that they 're going to put the work in during the offseason . ”
Southington finished the season at 8-8 overall .
For this week 's box scores , click here : ( southingtonobserver.com/2017/06/13/weekly-scoreboard-for-the-june-16-edition ) . To contact sports writer Brian Jennings , email him at BJennings @ SouthingtonObserver.com .
Essar had acquired the Stanlow refinery in 2011 and has invested over $ 850 million in the refinery to turn around the business . Photo : Reuters
Mumbai : Ruias-promoted Essar Oil UK posted a 4.2 % drop in its profit after tax at $ 161 million ( Rs1,037 crore ) for the year ended 31 March , 2018 .
For the fiscal 2016-17 , the company 's profit after tax came in at $ 168 million ( Rs1,125 crore ) .
Gross revenue for FY18 was recorded at $ 5,427 million ( Rs34,947 crore ) against $ 4,924 million ( Rs32,975 crore ) during the 2016-17 .
“ First half of the last fiscal was strong , delivering record results but in the second half of the fiscal we saw a decline in margins and some operational issues as we took up the turnaround of the Stanlow refinery . The operating results actually reflect just nine-month period of production at Stanlow for which the turnaround started in January 2018 , ” said S. Thangapandian , CEO , Essar Oil , UK .
The gross refining margins came in at $ 9.4 a barrel against $ 8.4 a barrel in FY17 , up 11.9 % .
The refinery meets over 16 % of the UK 's road transport fuel demand . Throughput in FY18 was 7.19 million tonnes , a reduction of 20.9 % from FY17 due to the major turnaround in Q4 .
“ The refinery completed the execution of project upgrades during the turnaround . It is expected the margin improvements will yield an incremental margin of $ 75 million to $ 80 million annually in the prevailing market , ” Essar Oil UK said in a press statement .
Essar had acquired the Stanlow refinery in 2011 and has invested over $ 850 million in the refinery to turn around the business .
The company is now focussing on increasing its aviation fuel market share to leading carriers in the UK and expand its fuel retail network . It operates over 55 fuel retail stations currently .
BREAKING : Michael Oliver to referee FA Cup final between Manchester United and Chelsea on May 19 . # SSN pic.twitter.com/m5RZzznfIx
Mumbai : Starting his party 's campaign for Mumbai civic body ( BMC ) polls , AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Sunday slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not mentioning contribution of Muslim soldiers in the service of Shivaji during the bhoomi-poojan of the warrior king 's memorial here .
`` We do not oppose spending of over Rs 3,600 crore for construction of a memorial . But while PM was talking about the great deeds of Shivaji , why did n't he mention the Muslims who were part of Shivaji 's army and gave their lives for him , '' Owaisi said , addressing a rally at Nagpada here .
`` Shivaji was loved because he never took an inch of farmers ' land . If Shivaji were alive today , who knows what he would have done to those who are using his name to waste money , '' Owaisi said .
Massive crowds throng to hear Hyderabad based # AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi 's Public Meeting at Nagpada in South Mumbai . @ ANILGALGALIRTI pic.twitter.com/EjcaH0daZa — MUMBAI NEWS ( @ Mumbaikhabar9 ) January 1 , 2017
Modi last month performed bhoomi-poojan for an ambitious Shivaji memorial off Mumbai coast .
On Modi 's address to the nation yesterday , Owaisi said the PM only raked up old schemes for `` cheap popularity '' .
`` He said Rs 6,000 would be given to pregnant women . But the Parliament in 2013 passed the food security act . Its section 4 ( b ) says every pregnant lady will get Rs 6,000 , '' said the AIMIM leader .
Modi had promised to construct 20 million houses by 2022 but a mere 6,716 houses had been constructed so far , he said .
`` Muslims represent around 21 per cent of total population in BMC wards . If the budget of BMC is Rs 36,000 crore , Rs 7,700 crore should have been allotted for development of Muslims , which was not done , '' he said .
`` Even if we ( his party ) are able to elect only 30-40 corporators , we will ensure that injustice done to Muslims all these years is not repeated , '' Owaisi said .
Asaduddin Owaisi begins campaign , attacks PM Modi over Shinaji memorial
Mumbai : Starting his party 's campaign for Mumbai civic body ( BMC ) polls , AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Sunday slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not mentioning contribution of Muslim soldiers in the service of Shivaji during the bhoomi-poojan of the warrior king 's memorial here .
`` We do not oppose spending of over Rs 3,600 crore for construction of a memorial . But while PM was talking about the great deeds of Shivaji , why did n't he mention the Muslims who were part of Shivaji 's army and gave their lives for him , '' Owaisi said , addressing a rally at Nagpada here .
`` Shivaji was loved because he never took an inch of farmers ' land . If Shivaji were alive today , who knows what he would have done to those who are using his name to waste money , '' Owaisi said .
Modi last month performed bhoomi-poojan for an ambitious Shivaji memorial off Mumbai coast .
On Modi 's address to the nation yesterday , Owaisi said the PM only raked up old schemes for `` cheap popularity '' .
`` He said Rs 6,000 would be given to pregnant women . But the Parliament in 2013 passed the food security act . Its section 4 ( b ) says every pregnant lady will get Rs 6,000 , '' said the AIMIM leader .
Modi had promised to construct 20 million houses by 2022 but a mere 6,716 houses had been constructed so far , he said .
`` Muslims represent around 21 per cent of total population in BMC wards . If the budget of BMC is Rs 36,000 crore , Rs 7,700 crore should have been allotted for development of Muslims , which was not done , '' he said .
`` Even if we ( his party ) are able to elect only 30-40 corporators , we will ensure that injustice done to Muslims all these years is not repeated , '' Owaisi said .
With PTI inputs
Uber Say It Will Cooperate With Investigation After Pedestrian Killed In Arizona Uber says it is cooperating with an investigation into a fatal accident involving one of its self-driving vehicles over the weekend . A woman in Tempe , Arizona , was struck and killed as she was crossing a street outside of a crosswalk , according to police .
We had a HUGE response to our elfie appeal .
Here are some of your best photos . You are a creative lot are n't you .. ?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The undercurrent of disillusion and disgruntlement that has been rumbling ever louder among Cambridge United fans reached a crescendo on Saturday evening following another inept away defeat .
The 2-0 loss at Port Vale continued an unsatisfactory season . United are without an away win or even a goal on their travels since September and remain in mid-table .
U 's fans vented their frustrations after Saturday 's defeat and , with many chanting for Shaun Derry to be sacked , it seems increasingly likely that the club 's directors will act , either to do just that or to back the head coach until the end of the campaign .
Initially buoyed by deceptive defensive statistics , a growing tally of clean sheets and the myriad miraculous saves by goalkeeper David Forde , United 's season has descended into a war of attrition .
Defeat at Port Vale , owner of League Two 's poorest home record this season , was one bad away day too far for U 's fans making the 320-mile round trip to the snowbound Potteries , as calls for Derry to go filled the icy air .
Autumn leaves were just beginning to fall when travelling fans last saw a Cambridge man on target , Leon Legge heading the U 's ahead at Mansfield , where the home side came back to win 2-1 .
In the seven games on the road since then , the hardiest of those same long suffering supporters have clocked up over 1,500 miles without a single goal to cheer – not even a meaningless consolation .
The winter blast accompanying the final whistle carried with it the anger and frustration of United 's loyal followers , not just dismayed by the lack of goals but by the unwatchable fare served up home and away .
The signs were there for most of last season and have been for the whole of this one so far , but with the goal drought getting worse , there is an overwhelming sense now that the fans have had enough .
Much has been made of the U 's inability to beat teams at the top of the league , but the two most recent defeats against fellow mid-table drifters ( Newport ) and lowly strugglers ( Port Vale ) suggest the problem is far more fundamental .
The FA Cup tie at Newport should have provided the U 's with a breather from the trials of a frustrating league campaign , especially with the carrot of a potentially lucrative third round tie dangled before them .
Instead , terrible defending allowed two perfectly preventable goals to prematurely end United 's interest in the competition for another year . Saturday 's defensive howlers for both Vale strikes were equally , if not even more , horrendous .
Derry has managed to anger the supporters even more by appearing to blame the players for poor performances and lack of goals without being prepared to shoulder his share of the responsibility .
United return to action looking for quick revenge over Newport , who visit the Abbey Stadium on Saturday , but it could be an interesting few days before then .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has warned English teams will struggle to win the Champions League — because they are left knackered by the Premier League .
Conte 's Chelsea face the toughest draw in the last-16 after being paired with Barcelona , renewing a long-running rivalry with the Spanish giants .
Although the Blues ' boss believes the Premier League are now a force to be reckoned with again — especially with all five teams advancing into the knockout phase — but doubts whether any of them can go all the way and lift the trophy on May 26 .
( Image : Getty )
Boss Conte , whose side faces a nightmare fixture pile-up with away games at Barcelona and BOTH Manchester clubs in the space of a month from late February , said : “ I think this first round shows a great power for the English teams .
“ This is the reality , because I think English teams dominated their groups . Four teams arrived at the top of the group . It means they are really strong .
“ It 'll be difficult to face English teams , especially in February . But then in March , April , I do n't know , because when you accumulate many games in the legs of the players it will be more difficult for English teams to reach something important .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ But at the same time this season could be the right season for an English team to win the Champions League .
“ It 's a draw , and our reaction must be positive .
“ As I know very well , you must be ready to face everything and in this case you must ready to face Barcelona . ”
( Image : Getty )
They have been involved in some memorable battles as they have already met in the knock-out stages 12 times and Chelsea beat them in the semi-finals on the way to winning the trophy in 2012 .
Barcelona won a controversial semi three years earlier , when Chelsea were denied FOUR penalty appeals and Didier Drogba got a Euro ban after a bust-up after the final whistle .
Jose Mourinho was also labelled an “ enemy of football ” after a bitter showdown in the Non Camp in 2005 .
They have a lot of history but , incredibly , Lionel Messi has never scored against Chelsea and now Eden Hazard will be desperate to try to take centre stage .
Conte added : “ The past is the past . Now is the present and it is another story . It is totally different .
“ This type of game is a good chance for every player to show the right value , not only for Hazard but for sure every player has to play in the right way . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An 84-year-old pensioner with a walking stick was thrown to the floor by an impatient thug who was in a hurry to leave a shopping centre .
CCTV footage shows the elderly man trying to walk through a doorway before a man exiting pushed him back forcefully .
The pensioner falls backwards onto the pavement , as the man walks away without apologising or checking to see if the man is hurt .
Police have now released new images of a man they would like to speak to after the attack , the Birmingham Mail reports .
Officers in Tamworth , Staffs , confirmed the 84-year-old was shoved out of the way at the main entrance to the Ankerside Shopping Centre in the town .
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
The incident occurred at around 9.50am on Tuesday .
Chief Inspector Ashley Farrington , commander for the Tamworth local policing team , said : `` This is a despicable attack on an elderly gentleman who uses a stick to get around .
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
( Image : Staffordhire Police )
“ Fortunately he only suffered minor injuries , but this sort of attack is never acceptable and so we are asking anyone who can help to get in touch so we can catch this bully . ''
Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 226 of January 30 .
A THOUSAND paddlers will be in town for the largest dragonboat competition to hit the country—the Cebu Dragonboat Fiesta 2017 , which is set on April 28 to 30 at the Cebu Yacht Club in Lapu-Lapu City .
One of the organizers , Nonnie Lopez , relayed to Sun.Star Cebu yesterday that there were already 38 teams on the list with a total of 1,023 paddlers . He said there are three teams from Mindanao , 20 from Visayas , 11 from Luzon and four international teams from the USA , Canada , Hongkong and Africa .
“ We 're still waiting for the confirmation for the teams in Davao , Dipolog , one more team from Dumaguete and two more teams from Manila , ” he said . “ For the international teams , Guam and Korea are also asking about the details regarding the accommodation . ”
The Cebu Dragonboat Fiesta 2017 organizers are waiting for race day before they shatter the most joined dragon boat event record in the country . The most attended dragonboat race was in Palawan last year with 33 squads .
“ We 're overwhelmed by the number of participants . Probably we are getting this because of the location . We are in the central area and it 's easy access for the teams from Mindanao and also Luzon to come here , ” he said .
Lopez added that Cebu is an attraction and most of the paddlers are coming here to join the competition and also to explore the Queen City of the South and its neighboring areas like Bohol .
Lopez said they 're making this event big with a total cost of P500,000 for the medal , plaques and cash prizes in all divisions .
The categories in the event are the elite , all-men 's , club crew , all-women 's , mixed and Under-23 . A total of 13 divisions will be contested . In the elite class , the national team-laden Air Force , Coast Guard , Navy and Army are the perennial contenders for the title .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
One soldier 's captivating photos which chart the progress of the legendary Desert Rats during the Second World War are going on sale to the public .
Sergeant Ronald Jenner took snaps of himself and his pals from the 7th Armoured Division as they fought their way across North Africa , the Middle East , Italy , France , Holland , Belgium and Germany .
The exploits of the Desert Rats were immortalised in a 1953 film named after them , starring Richard Burton .
Sgt Jenner 's armoured car was one of the first to enter Tripoli during the North African campaign in 1943 and he captured their arrival on film .
( Image : BNPS )
.
( Image : BNPS )
( Image : BNPS )
In pages marked ‘ The Middle East : Birth of the Rats ' photos show the lads lounging on the beach and splashing in the sea
Other pictures show Sgt Jenner perching on the gun of a captured German tank and celebrating VE Day in Germany by drinking tea with his unit .
The unique album is up for auction alongside Sgt Jenner 's 11th Hussars uniform – as the regiment formed part of the Armoured Division – and his brown beret .
( Image : BNPS )
( Image : BNPS )
( Image : BNPS )
Tipped to fetch £250 , the collection goes under the hammer at C & T Auctions in Ashford , Kent , today .
The son of the late Sgt Jenner , originally from Bexleyheath , Kent , is selling the items .
Auctioneer Matthew Tredwen said : “ The album charts his service from enrolment to Spandau Camp in Germany . The photos really capture their camaraderie . ”
© Aziz Taher / Reuters
Shake-up of power in Lebanon
House of the Week : $ 3.9 million for a luxurious home on the edge of High Park
House of the Week : $ 3.9 million for a luxurious home on the edge of High Park
Address : 31 Grenadier Heights
Neighbourhood : Swansea
Agents : Jeff Oulahen and Mark Oulahen , Re/Max Realtron Realty Inc. , Brokerage
Price : $ 3,900,000
Previously sold for : $ 2,950,000 , in 2016
The place
Half cottage , half castle , all on a quiet street on the western edge of High Park .
The history
The home was originally built in 1939 . In 2007 , a previous set of owners completely gutted and renovated it . They added a new third floor , new bathrooms , windows and flooring . The sellers bought the property in 2016 and gave the kitchen , flooring and bathrooms a further round of updates .
The living area has a wall of windows :
Here 's the dining area :
And the kitchen :
The stairs are encased in windows :
There 's a family room on the second-floor landing :
There are two bedrooms on the second floor . Here 's one of them :
And here 's that bedroom 's ensuite bathroom :
The master bedroom has a private terrace and a walk-in closet :
And here 's the master ensuite :
There are two bedrooms on the third floor . This one is set up as a den . It has its own terrace :
Here 's that terrace :
And here 's the other third-floor bedroom :
There 's a living room in the basement :
And here 's the view from the rear :
Big selling point
It 's not that hard to get a condo with a view of Lake Ontario . But try finding another home with a view of High Park 's Grenadier Pond :
Possible dealbreaker
The downstairs in-law suite is n't as sleek as the rest of the home , which may cause problems if the buyer 's guests are jealous types . Luckily , the suite has its own entrance and kitchen , so homeowners can keep contact to a minimum :
Get real estate news and gossip in your inbox Thanks for signing up ! Sign up to get The Hunt , our weekly newsletter about the real estate market Now , check your inbox to complete your subscription SIGN ME UP Go ! We wo n't ever use your email address for anything else GET MORE NEWSLETTERS Want even more Toronto Life ? Follow us on social media .
By the numbers
• $ 3,900,000
• $ 18,766.48 in taxes
• 5 bedrooms
• 5 bathrooms
• 4 parking spaces
• 1 spectacular view
CLOSE Eagles coach Doug Pederson on Wentz 's knee injury , and Nick Foles on taking over in Eagles ' win . Martin Frank/The News Journal
Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz dives into the end zone late in the third quarter Sunday . He apparently hurt his knee on the play , which did n't count because of a penalty . Wentz left the game shortly after that . ( Photo : MARK J. TERRILL/AP )
Eagles coach Doug Pederson confirmed the worst possible news for Eagles fans when he announced Monday that quarterback Carson Wentz will miss the rest of the season with a torn ACL .
Wentz , who was having an MVP-type of season , suffered the left knee injury late in the third quarter Sunday on a 2-yard touchdown dive that was nullified by a holding penalty . Wentz stayed on the field , however , for three more plays , culminating the drive with a 2-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery .
After the play , Wentz walked off the field under his own power , then headed to the locker room , a towel over his head . Nick Foles replaced Wentz in the fourth quarter and rallied the Eagles from a four-point deficit when he took over to a 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams .
Pederson said that Wentz might have torn the ACL before contact on his dive .
But the coach tried to keep an upbeat message , noting that the team has overcome season-ending injuries to star players like running back Darren Sproles , left tackle Jason Peters and middle linebacker Jordan Hicks .
Through it all , the Eagles are 11-2 . They clinched the NFC East division title with the win , guaranteeing a spot in the playoffs .
EAGLES : Did Wentz 's injury make Super Bowl hopes disappear ?
EAGLES : Clinch playoff spot , but Wentz injury a concern
Foles will take over as the starter . He was the Eagles ' starting quarterback through most of the 2013 season and into 2014 . He tied an NFL record with 7 touchdown passes in a 2013 game against the Raiders .
`` People thought our chances were gone by the wayside when Jason Peters went down , when Darren Sproles went down , '' Pederson said . `` For fans out there , you ca n't lose faith . This has been resilient football team all season long . ''
NFC East Champs ! So proud of the resiliency of this team . Such a special group of men .
And I greatly appreciate all the prayers ! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan . Time to just lean in to him and trust whatever the circumstances ! # Proverbs3:5-6 — Carson Wentz ( @ cj_wentz ) December 11 , 2017
But that resiliency will be tested more than ever without Wentz . On Sunday , he completed 23 of 41 passes for 291 yards , with four touchdowns and one interception . Wentz 's season ends with 3,296 yards passing , 33 touchdowns and just 7 interceptions . His quarterback rating is 101.9 , among the NFL leaders .
The fourth TD , on his final play of the season , broke the Eagles ' single-season mark for touchdown passes , set by Sonny Jurgensen in 1961 .
Wentz , however , wo n't get a chance to extend the record .
Wing tips
Pederson confirmed that rookie cornerback Sidney Jones will begin practicing this week . Jones suffered a torn Achilles last March , a month before the NFL draft . The Eagles took a chance and selected him in the second round . He spent the season recovering .
The Eagles will have three weeks to decide whether to activate Jones or place him on season-ending IR . At worst , Jones will get three weeks of practice in to give him a jump start on next season . It 's unlikely that he 'd be able to step in and play right away after missing just about the entire season .
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank @ delawareonline.com . Follow on Twitter @ Mfranknfl .
New Delhi : Gujarat captain and India 's backup wicketkeeper for the upcoming South African tour , Parthiv Patel , injured his middle finger on his left hand during Day 4 's play of the Ranji Trophy quarter-final against Bengal at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur yesterday ( December 10 ) .
According to reports , the 32-year-old failed to collect one of the deliveries and hurt his middle finger . Regarded as one of the most consistent performers in the domestic tournaments , Patel was recalled to the Indian side as a back up to first-choice keeper Wriddhiman Saha .
“ He got hit twice or thrice on his finger and it was hurting badly . Not sure what the update is on his injury though , ” Cricbuzz quoted Gujarat batsman Manprit Juneja saying .
After complaining of pain , reports claimed , he was immediately taken off the field . And ee did n't return to the action for the rest of the day . Anuj Rawal came in as a substitute and kept wickets for Gujarat .
Patel made his India debut in 2002 as a 17-year-old , becoming a household name in India . But MS Dhoni 's rise meant that there 's no place for other glovesmen .
But the baby-faced cricketer continued performing in domestic circles , keeping himself in contention for national selection .
“ I know I had done well to merit selection . It is also motivating when you know you are good enough to be picked but have to wait for the chance . I was never demoralised . I just told myself that I need to play with the same intensity always because there was a lot of cricket to be played . I had to work hard to see that Gujarat stayed at the top .
“ Expectations will be there but I 've been through it all . I do n't worry about performance and pressure now . I just take the opportunity as it comes and enjoy the game . I am playing for India and nothing can be bigger than this honour , ” he told the Hindu after learning of his selection .
He has so far played 23 Tests , 38 ODIs and two T20Is , scoring 878 , 736 and 36 runs .
He led Gujarat to their maiden Ranji Trophy title last season .
At Lunch on Day of their quarterfinal match against Bengal , Gujarat conceded a lead of 720 runs today ( December 11 ) .
Meanwhile , India are currently playing the limited-overs leg of the series against Sri Lanka . India lost the 1st ODI by seven wickets in Dharamshala yesterday . India will then travel to South Africa for a full series .
The release of Facebook 's content policies comes just days after CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified to Congress . Photo : Reuters
San Francisco : For the first time , Facebook Inc. is letting people know its specific rules for taking down content once it 's reported to the social network 's moderators .
The 27-page document governs the behaviour of more than 2 billion users , giving Facebook 's definitions of hate speech , violent threats , sexual exploitation and more . It 's the closest the world has come to seeing an international code of conduct that was previously enacted behind closed doors . The release of the document follows frequent criticism and confusion about the company 's policies .
The community standards read like the result of years of trial and error and are used to provide workers with enough specificity to make quick and consistent judgments . While fully nude close-ups of buttocks are n't allowed , they are permitted if “ photoshopped on a public figure. ” Content from a hacked source is n't acceptable “ except in limited cases of newsworthiness . ”
Facebook published the policies to help people understand where the company draws the line on nuanced issues , Monika Bickert , vice-president of global policy management , said in a blog post . The company will for the first time give people a right to appeal its decisions .
The release of the content policies comes just days after chief executive officer Mark Zuckerberg testified to Congress , where he faced frequent questions about the company 's practices . They included lawmakers asking if Facebook unfairly takes down more conservative content than that from liberals or why bad content—such as fake profiles and posts selling opioid drugs—stay up even though they have been reported .
“ Our policies are only as good as the strength and accuracy of our enforcement—and our enforcement is n't perfect , ” Bickert said . “ In some cases , we make mistakes because our policies are not sufficiently clear to our content reviewers . More often than not , however , we make mistakes because our processes involve people , and people are fallible . ”
The company has 7,500 content reviewers , up 40 % from a year earlier , working in 40 languages . Facebook also has said it 's working to increase the number of workers who speak the various languages that require more attention . But with 2.2 billion users around the world , that means each reviewer is responsible on average for a userbase that is equivalent to the population of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
In his testimony to Congress , Zuckerberg promised that the application of standards would improve with artificial intelligence . Those systems , however , are trained by humans and are likely to also be fallible .
While Facebook aspires to apply its policies “ consistently and fairly to a community that transcends regions , cultures and languages , ” it frequently fails to do so . Recent reports in the New York Times have detailed how the company has been slow to respond to posts that incite ethnic violence in countries including Myanmar and Sri Lanka . In many cases , people have reported content that Facebook has allowed to remain up , even though it violates standards .
The policies are detailed when it comes to specific problems the US has experienced—especially gun violence . The profiles of mass murderers are taken down if they 've killed four people at once , as defined by whether they were convicted or identified by law enforcement with images from the crime , or whether they took their own life or were killed at the scene or aftermath .
One of Facebook 's definitions about harassment involves “ claims that a victim of a violent tragedy is lying about being a victim , acting/pretending to be a victim of a verified event , or otherwise is paid or employed to mislead people about their role in the event. ” That definition applies only when a message is sent directly to a survivor or immediate family member—as occurred with victims of the Sandy Hook and Parkland shootings .
Now that Facebook has published the policies , it 's asking for feedback to edit them . The company will host a series of events around the world to solicit advice , starting in May .
“ Our efforts to improve and refine our Community Standards depend on participation and input from people around the world , ” Bickert said . Bloomberg
Others called for new incentives to improve transit ridership . Also , some officials sought state support for local transit . Others wanted changes in taxes , including finding ways to tax electric cars that now escape gasoline tax to help fund roads .
Task force member Sophia DiCaro , a former state lawmaker , even suggested exploring whether money for transportation could be raised by leasing airspace above state freeways and roads for drones operated by delivery companies .
That came as the Transportation Governance and Funding Task Force — formed by the Legislature this year — spent several hours listening to ideas from the public .
`` We are looking at some big , major changes possibly in the future , and we want to make sure we take the time to get it right , '' said Rep. Mike Schultz , R-Hooper , co-chairman of the task force .
Several speakers called for changes on how UTA is overseen , or how it operates .
Anderegg proposed several options , including perhaps requiring that UTA partner with a private company to run its buses and trains — which he says is done in some foreign countries to introduce competition and lower prices .
All the options he suggested would also take UTA out of the business of building new rail or other projects . He said foreign engineers told him they were astounded at the cost of UTA rail projects , and said their own similar projects cost only half as much . But he said UTA may have included the cost of train cars that others did not .
Anderegg said such options would probably make the state assume the $ 2 billion the UTA now has in debt for recent TRAX and FrontRunner projects .
George Chapman , representing the Utah Transit Riders Union , liked the idea of state absorbing UTA debt , saying it could free up UTA taxes to expand and improve service . He also called for a focus on buses instead of expensive new rail or bus rapid transit ( BRT ) systems to help hold down costs .
`` Mass transit should first focus on the least expensive system , buses . Then when ridership develops , BRT and rail can be justified , '' he said .
Transit activist Alex Cragun urged the task force to prevent further involvement by UTA in transit-oriented developments . `` UTA , in the public 's eye , is about providing services of trains and buses , and not buying and selling land . ''
Some called for perhaps one state agency to oversee all transportation . Anderegg said that would help create a cohesive vision statewide .
Riverton Mayor Bill Applegarth sought state help to extend TRAX from South Jordan to Draper through his city . He said opposition on his city council could block the project that would benefit several cities — so perhaps the state should be able to choose such routes itself , as it does with highways , without needing city permission .
Some also called for more state help for local projects .
Summit County Council member Roger Armstrong sought state subsidies for new commuter transit between Park City , the University of Utah and the Salt Lake City International Airport .
Lance Cpl . Thomas Ratterman , chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear defense specialist with Combat Logistics Regiment 45 , 4th Marine Logistics Group , Marine Forces Reserve collect samples of an unknown chemical substance during the assessment and consequence management team training exercise at Marine Corps Support Facility , New Orleans , Feb. 8 , 2017 . During the exercise , Marines practiced responding to a chemical threat . The Marines conducted area reconnaissance , sample collection and classification of unknown substances . ( Unites States Marine Corps photo by Sgt . Ian Ferro/Published )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.08.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 18:35 Photo ID : 3165356 VIRIN : 170214-M-TI204-019 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 2.21 MB Location : NEW ORLEANS , LA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Chemical , Biological , Radiological and Nuclear Marines Participate Advanced Training [ Image 1 of 10 ] , by Sgt Ian Ferro , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Greg Taylor believes it is only a matter of time before Cambridge United get their first Sky Bet League Two points on the board following Saturday 's home defeat to Carlisle .
The U 's were beaten 2-1 at the Glass World Stadium , with Medy Elito 's equaliser from the penalty spot counting for nothing due to goals from Reggie Lambe and Tom Parkes for the Cumbrians .
But defender Taylor insists everyone in the dressing room is staying calm as they now prepare for next weekend 's trip to Crawley .
“ There have been two games against two good sides and there is a lot of football to come , ” said Taylor .
“ We 've shown in parts of the two games that we can dominate the ball and we can create chances .
“ It 's just a case of doing that over a longer period of time throughout the games .
“ We 're not panicking at all and we believe in ourselves 100 per cent . ”
The U 's trailed after only eight minutes following Lambe 's strike from the edge of the box , but were quickly level thanks to Elito 's finish from the spot .
However , goalkeeper David Forde , who made a number of good saves in the first half , was beaten again six minutes before the break by Parkes from close range .
“ We left ourselves with a lot to do , ” said Taylor .
“ The first goal went in and I felt we responded quite well actually to that , and then we got the penalty and finished that .
“ When the penalty went in I thought we looked sharp and bright , and we found some good areas and were creating half-chances here and there . It was a set-piece when we conceded again and then it was an uphill climb .
“ I thought we came out in the second half with a lot of intent and dominated territorially , I think , with a lot of crosses into the box , but it just did n't seem like it was going to go in today .
“ We 're starting to develop a unit as a back four – a five with Fordey – and that will only get stronger game on game .
“ We 're putting work in on the training field to help each other and know where each other is going to be at all times , so that can only help us . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
At over 17 stone , Amanda Hey knew she was overweight and increasing the odds of developing a potentially life-threatening illness .
But when her doctor confirmed she was on the verge of type 2 diabetes , she still found herself shocked to the core .
Since her 20s , Amanda had been in denial about the risks of being obese .
Now she was facing the chilling truth . Type 2 is caused when your blood sugar level , or insulin , becomes too high .
It can lead to heart disease , stroke , blindness , kidney disease , nerve damage and amputations .
And when Amanda got the diagnosis approaching her 40th birthday , she was warned she 'd have to take medication every day to control the condition .
So she decided to do what she had realised deep down all along – tackle the problem head-on and lose weight .
Amanda says : “ I was diagnosed in January . It was my birthday in the November and I wanted to be fabulous at 40 and not fat .
“ Months before , I had been told by my doctor that my weight posed a risk of getting Type 2 Diabetes and that I was borderline . I was 17st 2lbs , but I just did n't think it would happen .
“ I ignored the possibility and did n't change my diet . But I was always exhausted and constantly thirsty . I was drinking more than three litres of water a day .
( Photo : Slimming World )
“ I did n't eat much chocolate but I craved sugary sweet things and then I would have them and feel light-headed .
“ I was always going to the toilet too . All textbook signs of the disease . ”
A few months earlier she had also been diagnosed with an underactive thyroid gland ( hypothyroidism ) .
Common signs are tiredness , weight gain and feeling depressed , but the condition can be successfully treated with hormone tablets .
The 5ft 4ins gran and mum of two with two stepchildren faced a stark choice ,
Amanda says : “ I was already taking tablets for my underactive thyroid so when doctors said I may need further medication for diabetes , it was a real wake-up call .
“ The doctor had told me I was at a crossroads . If my blood-sugar levels got any higher , I 'd need medication . If I lost weight , I could manage my condition without any at all . ”
Amanda , a hospital secretary from Ashton-under-Lyne , Greater Manchester , signed up to her local Slimming World group the same day .
Within six months , she had shed four stone .
When she returned to the doctors for a six-month review in June , her blood sugar levels were near normal . Over the next few months she lost a further three stone . At her following six-month check , she was symptom-free .
Amanda , who has now lost 6st 12½lbs , says : “ The nurse was absolutely delighted and said I was her star pupil . I felt so proud .
I look completely different and people are always surprised at my age and think I am about 30 . ”
On her 40th , she was able to celebrate with family at her favourite Italian restaurant in slim fitting size 8 leather trousers and a tight top after dropping six dress sizes .
Married to sales rep David , 53 , Amanda says : “ I started to put weight on after the birth of my second child Thomas 12 years ago . I got bigger eating fatty foods – take-aways and crisps were my particular weakness . I was always snacking .
“ It was easy to come home from work and made a meal with a jar of curry paste rather than cooking from scratch . Now I make all my own sauces .
( Photo : Getty )
“ I had tried to lose weight in the past . I spent most of my 20s and 30s on fad diets , but I never stuck to them . I was covering myself up in big , black , baggy size 22 clothes and actively avoiding mirrors .
“ I felt self conscious about my weight . I hated shopping and family get-togethers were an ordeal .
“ I 'd joined a Slimming World group once before but had given up . This time , though , I was really determined that things would be different . The diagnosis kick-started me . It did me a favour really .
“ Slimming World works for me . I cook meals from scratch . I discovered all sorts of delicious recipes we could enjoy together , from chicken curry and rice to pasta with a meaty ragu-style sauce .
“ I soon found I was snacking much less during my days working in the hospital , particularly on the chocolates we 'd often receive as gifts from patients .
“ If I did get peckish , I 'd have a snack like chopped fresh fruit stirred into plain quark . ”
As her weight fell off , Amanda also joined an aqua aerobics class at her local pool . “ After a few months of losing weight , I felt like a new woman . ”
Now 10st 3½lbs , she has regular blood tests to check her diabetes . She says : “ I still have to be careful but I am in this for the long haul . I want my kids to be proud of me . My life has completely changed . ”
Amanda 's stats
Height :
5ft 4ins
Starting weight : 17st 2lbs
Weight now : 10st 3½lbs
WEIGHT LOST : 6st 12½lbs
To find your nearest Slimming World group visit www.Slimmingworld.co.uk or call 0344 897 8000
5W1H : Watch what PM Modi said during launch of Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan in Madhya Pradesh
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . Watch what PM Modi said during launch of Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan in Madhya Pradesh .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona great Andres Iniesta has been given an unprecedented apology from France Football having never been awarded the prestigious Ballon d'Or .
The glittering individual award has eluded the Spain magician despite a legendary career with the Blaugrana and Spanish national team - including four Champions League titles , Euro 2008 and 2012 , and the 2010 World Cup .
Speculation has been rife that Iniesta will make a grand exit this summer after 22 years at the Nou Camp , which has led to the game paying tribute to his legacy in Catalonia .
`` Perdon Andres '' ( forgive us Andres ) read a piece in the French football magazine , penned by editor Pascal Ferre , in which he describes the omission as a `` democratic anomaly . ''
`` What follows are not quite an editorial . it was all agreed on ( by France Football ) a while ago to avoid any misunderstanding . This is an act of homage , '' read the apology ( h/t Who Ate All The Pies ) .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP PHOTO / LLUIS GENELLUIS GENE/AFP/Getty Images )
( Image : AFP )
`` For us , ( Iniesta ) was n't just a player , he was the player .
`` His generosity , team play and altruism has certainly deprived him of an even more majestic recognition ( the Ballon d'Or ) .
`` He has proven that the brain is definitely the most important thing when it comes to being a champion .
`` Iniesta is one of the great absences when it comes to Ballon D'or winners . This is painful to us .
`` We can only hope that a divine performance at the World Cup helps us to repair this democratic anomaly . ''
Advertisement
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma , which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations . It marked the first monthly hiring decline in nearly seven years .
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent , the Labor Department said Friday , the lowest level since February 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid . Hiring is expected to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work .
Last month 's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars , which shed 105,000 jobs , a sign of the damage to Florida 's tourism industry . Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather , the government said , the most in 20 years .
Hourly workers who could n't work and missed a paycheck would have been counted as not working , thereby lowering September 's job total . That 's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return .
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households . That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms . In fact , the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 percent , the highest since January 2009 .
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 percent from 12 months earlier . Still , the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas . The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure .
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas , the government says . That 's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation 's workforce .
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market . This week , a survey of services firms — covering restaurants , construction companies , retail stores , banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005 . That followed a survey of manufacturers , which found an equally strong gain . Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years .
Some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy . Auto sales , which had been lackluster this year , jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago , according to Autodata Corp. , as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms . That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production .
Harvey caused about $ 76 billion to $ 87 billion in economic losses , according to Moody 's Analytics , an economic consulting firm . The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output . That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster , after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Irma will likely end up having caused $ 58 billion to $ 83 billion in economic losses , Moody 's forecasts . Maria , which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands , could cost $ 45 billion to $ 95 billion , though that is a preliminary estimate .
Related
Comments
comments
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night .
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people , raising the risk of powerful tornadoes , damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls .
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages , and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area .
In Limestone County , an Alabama county on the Tennessee border , the sheriff 's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations . Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees , the office tweeted . But it had no reports of injuries from the storms .
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus .
“ I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum , but The Pete is not completely destroyed , ” Greg Seitz said in a tweet .
Seitz later tweeted that they were still surveying the campus but that there was major roof damage to two halls , adding that his was thankful that JSU was on spring break this week and that most students are out of town .
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night , and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward .
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes , some of which could be intense . The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches ( 7.5 centimeters ) in diameter could fall , and there 's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph ( 115 kph ) .
“ The potential for strong to violent , long-track tornadoes is a real possibility , ” Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference .
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama 's emergency management agency . The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year .
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham , Alabama , let out early , hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through .
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring , and are “ by far the most impressive setup we 've seen so far this year , ” said Kurt Weber , a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville , Alabama .
“ We ca n't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together , ” Weber added . “ Hopefully not , but definitely a possibility . ”
He said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail , which can do serious damage to buildings and cars , was possible .
“ This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can , ” Weber said .
Alabama Gov . Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location .
“ We are not taking the situation lightly , ” Ivey said . “ Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time . ”
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight , meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled , libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus .
Market Overview :
Global canola oil market is projected to grow at the CAGR of 6.8 % . Numerous health benefits , low prices and easy availability is driving the market growth across the globe . Growing application of canola oil by personal care industry is influencing the demand of canola oil from last few years . Favorable government policies for minor oil crop producers has improved the production of canola in North America and Asia Pacific region . In Europe , large portion of canola oil is used for industrial purpose particularly to produce biodiesel .
Canola is considered as one of the best oil for heart health as it contains less saturated fat compare to any other oil . Canola oil is also very high in unsaturated fats which are good for health . It 's higher in the omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenicexpe acid ( ALA ) than any other oil . All these factors has impacting on consumer preferences while selecting the oil for food preparation and food processing .
The Global Canola Oil market is segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , and rest of the world ( ROW ) . Europe has the major market share followed by Asia Pacific . Europe is one of the major producer of canola and support from government has made Europe a leading market for canola oil . China and India contributes maximum market share in Asia Pacific region and increased canola production in China and India has boosted the export canola oil from Asia Pacific region .
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2752
Major Key Players :
This report includes a study of strategies such as mergers and acquisitions , product launches by the major canola oil market players . It further includes product portfolios , developments of leading major players which includes
Archer Daniels Midland Company ( U.S . )
Associated British Foods plc . ( U.K . )
Sunora Foods ( Canada )
Wilson 's Foods ( South Africa )
JIVO WELLNESS PVT . LTD. ( India )
DALMIA CONTINENTAL PVT . LTD ( India ) and
ARLA FOODS AMBA ( Denmark )
Global Canola Oil market is segmented by canola species , processing , application , packaging and region . Canola oil application in bio-diesel is growing at faster rate due to increasing demand of bio-diesel . Brassica Rapa i.e . polish canola are in high demand due to its increased application personal care products and processed foods .
Intended Audience :
Canola Oil manufacturers
Food Industry
Personal care product manufacturers
Agriculture Industry
E-commerce
Retailers and wholesalers
Traders , importers and exporters
Key Findings :
The top five importers of canola oil are U.S. , Netherlands , Sweden , Belgium and France
Europe and China are the major producer of canola oil
Industry Segments :
Canola Oil market has been segmented on the basis of canola species which includes Brassica Rapa ( Polish canola ) , Brassica napus ( Argentine canola ) and Brassica juncea ( Brown mustard canola )
Canola Oil market has been segmented on the basis of processing which includes refined , modified , handmade , crude and others
Canola Oil market has been segmented on the basis of application which includes cooking purpose , processed foods , lubricants , personal care , bio-diesel and others
Canola Oil market has been segmented on the basis of packaging which includes drum , can , plastic bottle , glass bottle and others
Brassica Rapa i.e . polish canola are in high demand due to its increased application personal care products and processed foods . Many key players are use refined and modified processing technique compare to other type of processing . Canola oil application in bio-diesel is growing at faster rate due to increasing demand of bio-diesel .
Access Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/canola-oil-market-2752
Regional Analysis :
The Global Canola Oil market is segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , and rest of the world ( ROW ) . Europe has the major market share followed by Asia Pacific . Europe is one of the major producer of canola and support from government has made Europe a leading market for canola oil . China and India contributes maximum market share in Asia Pacific region and increased canola production in China and India has boosted the export in Asia Pacific region .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rachel Weisz has revealed her growing baby bump in all its glory after confirming she 's pregnant at the age of 48 .
The glowing goddess stepped out in New York in a bright red summer dress .
The flowing midi-dress showed off her burgeoning bump to perfection and was belted at the waist with a bow at the back .
She paired the summery frock with a pair of gold sandals and matching hoop earrings .
She wore her glossy brunette locks in loose waves as she emerged from a Reel Pieces talk about her 25-year acting career at 92Y on the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
The outing comes just days after she confirmed they 're expecting ' a little human ' in a gushing interview .
“ I 'll be showing soon , '' she told the New York Times .
“ Daniel and I are so happy . We 're going to have a little human .
“ We ca n't wait to meet him or her . It 's all such a mystery . ”
Rachel already has son Henry , 11 , from a previous relationship with director Darren Aronofky - the one that later went out with Jennifer Lawrence .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
And Daniel has 25-year-old daughter Ella from his first marriage to Fiona Loudon , which lasted only two years from 1992 to 1994 .
He later got engaged to Hollywood producer Satsuki Mitchell , but they split in November 2010 , just months before his secret wedding to Rachel .
The pair met on the set of 2010 movie Dream House , and Rachel later admitted she was as shocked about their wedding as everyone else .
“ I never thought I would get married . It was not an ambition of mine . It was the opposite . I could n't relate to romantic comedies — marriage seems to be the whole point of them . Then it just happened , happily , at a more mature moment , '' she said .
“ I wear my ring with pride . I 'm taken . ”
India is the world 's biggest consumer of petroleum coke , better known as petcoke , which is a dark solid carbon material that emits 11 % more greenhouse gases than coal . Photo : AP
New Delhi : India 's government is in favour of banning imports of petroleum coke on environmental grounds , according to a government affidavit filed with the country 's top court , which could be a big blow to US refiners who export heavily to the country .
The Supreme Court , which in October banned the use of petroleum coke in and around New Delhi in a bid to clean the air in one of the world 's most polluted cities , is scheduled to hear a case on its use across the country later on Monday .
India is the world 's biggest consumer of petroleum coke , better known as petcoke , which is a dark solid carbon material that emits 11 % more greenhouse gases than coal , according to the Carnegie–Tsinghua Center for Global Policy .
Burning it also emits several times more sulphur dioxide , which causes lung diseases and acid rain .
Local producers include Indian Oil Corp. Ltd , Reliance Industries Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd .
The oil ministry has also told the Supreme Court that petcoke should only be used as feedstock , like in the cement industry , and not as fuel .
A country-wide import ban would require replacing 14 million tonnes of petcoke a year with 24 million to 31 million tonnes of coal , according to industry calculations , most of which has to be imported . Reuters
OECS CHAIRMAN PRIME MINISTER OF SAINT LUCIA , ALLEN CHASTANET MADE HIS FIRST OFFICIAL VISIT TO THE HURRICANE DISASTER ZONE IN DOMINICA FRIDAY .
PRIME MINISTER CHASTANET HAS BEEN LOBBYING WORLD LEADERS TO AID THE HURRICANE AFFECTED ISLANDS OF THE CARIBBEAN .
THE SAINT LUCIA LEADER AFFIRMED UNWAVERING SUPPORT TO THE NATURE ISLE IN THE WAKE OF THE UNPRECEDENTED NATURAL DISASTER .
HIS WORD OF ASSURANCE COMES AMID NEWS THAT THE UN SECRETARY GENERAL IS SET TO VISIT THE STORM RAVAGED CARIBBEAN IN THE COMING DAYS .
The Philippe Coutinho saga does n't appear to be going anywhere for Liverpool and they 're trying to avoid another major blow with Emre Can .
And that 's without mentioning Southampton 's Virgil Van Dijk , who is considered by some to be man who can save them from their defensive woes .
Manchester United 's summer business is looking savvy after their opening weekend but the same ca n't be said for the desperate Premier League champions Chelsea .
They 're about to launch an attempted £120m splurge on the likes of Van Dijk , Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Leicester 's Danny Drinkwater .
Tottenham — yet to sign anyone this summer — are stepping up their chase for Keita Balde and hope to soon complete a deal for Davinson Sanchez .
And what about Kylian Mbappe , linked to anyone with bags of cash this season and the talk is n't abating , and Barcelona , desperate to make use of the £199m made from Neymar 's departure ?
Stick with us for all the latest news , rumours and deal from around Europe
Related Coverage Supplier : Drug sold to Arkansas not intended for executions
VARNER , Ark . ( AP ) — Arkansas raced against the clock to obtain U.S. Supreme Court approval to execute a convicted killer Monday but backed off putting another inmate to death as part of what had been a plan to carry out double executions on four nights before the state 's supply of a lethal injection drug expires .
In a chaotic day of legal wrangling , state and federal courts lifted the two primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005 but another hurdle remained before the Supreme Court .
The decisions from the 8th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals and the state Supreme Court were over the series of planned lethal injections that , if carried out , would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
The state was rushing to get approval to execute convicted killer Don Davis before his death warrant expires at midnight . Davis and Bruce Ward were set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court . The state decided not to challenge the stay for Ward but the U.S. Supreme Court was weighing whether to allow Davis to be put to death .
The state scheduled the executions to occur before its supply of midazolam expires at the end of the month , and Arkansas has not found a new supplier of the lethal injection drug .
“ Allowing ( Davis ' ) stay to stand will effectively prevent Arkansas from seeing justice done , ” Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a petition to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Separately , a federal appeals court overturned U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker 's decision to halt the executions over the use of midazolam , which has been used in flawed executions in other states , but the Arkansas Supreme Court 's stays remain in place .
A little over an hour later , the state Supreme Court lifted a judge 's ruling that had effectively blocked the executions by prohibiting the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide , one of the other lethal injection drugs . A medical supply company said it was misled by the state and that the drug was sold for medical purposes , not executions .
The state Supreme Court voted 4-3 to grant stays for Davis and Ward . The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants . The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on that request April 24 .
Three Arkansas justices dissented , with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis “ had their day in court , the jury spoke , and decades of appeals have occurred . The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law . ”
The inmates ' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts , saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability .
Rutledge 's office said she was only appealing Davis ' stay to the U.S. Supreme Court , noting that Ward has two stays from the state high court . Five U.S. Supreme Court justices must vote to vacate an execution stay , and Monday marked the first day the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench .
“ This decision was not unanimous and the dissenting opinions reflect the harm the delays cause the families of the victims and it also expresses my frustration in the continued delayed justice , ” Gov . Asa Hutchinson , who set the execution dates , said in a statement .
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers . The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there . Davis came within six hours of execution in 2010 before he was spared by the state Supreme Court .
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said she did n't have the authority to halt Ward 's execution . Ward 's attorneys have argued he is a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of his impending execution .
The back-and-forth with the courts came as the state seeks to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month . If court proceedings are pushed into May , Arkansas wo n't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand .
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted , with Davis being served his last meal of fried chicken , rolls , beans , mashed potatoes and strawberry cake .
The eight inmates also asked the U.S. Supreme Court for a stay until the high court rules on their request to reconsider whether to weigh in a state court decision upholding Arkansas ' lethal injection law .
It 's unclear whether the state may face additional challenges over its execution drugs . McKesson , the supplier that sued Arkansas to try and block the use of the vecuronium bromide , asked to drop its case after Baker 's order but has left open the possibility it may refile its lawsuit if executions move forward .
Meanwhile , the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection . Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen , who banned the state from using the vecuronium bromide obtained . After issuing the order , Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot . The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges and the state Supreme Court lifted the stay he had imposed .
6 Lessons About Trump From Season 1 Of 'The Apprentice '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ric Francis/AP Ric Francis/AP
The drama . The loyalty . The speculation about who stays and who goes . The Trump administration has it all . And so did Donald Trump 's run on The Apprentice .
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency . But as with his administration , Trump also stirred controversy on the set . A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times , Trump used `` really unfathomably despicable words '' while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public .
Of course , people were n't watching then for insight into how the show 's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image . But in retrospect , there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office .
Embedded Podcast : Listen To The Episode Hear from the people who worked with Trump on The Apprentice , including a former producer who claims Trump made racially charged comments during filming . Embedded Trump Stories : The Apprentice Trump Stories : The Apprentice Listen · 37:09 37:09
1 . Questionable language
In October 2016 , just before the election , an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women , saying , `` [ W ] hen you 're a star , they let you do it . You can do anything . '' When that story broke , former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were `` far worse '' tapes from Trump 's time on that show .
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement , but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews . Pruitt says that Trump 's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew and that at times , there would be an `` audible gasp '' from those who heard the comments .
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt 's story `` the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago . ''
Listen To Pruitt 's Exchange With NPR 's Kelly McEvers About Trump 's Comments 2:00
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language . He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as `` rapists . '' This summer , after a white nationalist rally ended in a death in Charlottesville , Va. , Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members . Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism , as NPR 's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported .
2 . A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice , he is seated in the back of a black limousine , introducing himself directly to the camera .
`` My name 's Donald Trump , '' he begins , `` and I 'm the largest real estate developer in New York . '' He lists off his holdings : buildings , casinos , golf courses , model agencies and much more .
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges .
`` But it was n't always so easy . About 13 years ago , I was seriously in trouble , '' he says , in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992 .
`` I was billions of dollars in debt , '' he continues . `` But I fought back and I won , big league . I used my brain . I used my negotiating skills . And I worked it all out . Now my company 's bigger than it ever was — it 's stronger than it ever was . ''
In every episode of The Apprentice 's debut season , these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump 's businesses had faced . From then on , the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog , with his troubles squarely behind him .
`` Donald Trump is an icon , '' contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale . `` He 's someone who , when people said , 'You could n't do it , ' always got it done . '' That is a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign .
Multiple episodes were set at Trump 's Taj Mahal casino , which he described on the show as `` the No . 1 hotel in Atlantic City . '' Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving .
In fact , the Taj Mahal , along with other Trump casinos , would file for bankruptcy in late 2004 , just months after The Apprentice debuted .
Still , Trump 's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign , and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside . Despite his bankruptcies , Trump largely maintained his image of success .
3 . Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered on a task — a business-related contest between two teams . Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street ? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day ? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment ? The winning team , besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom , would receive a reward .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Franklin II/AP Frank Franklin II/AP
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks : a private tour of Yankee Stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson River . But more often than not , the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump 's wealth and business acumen .
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and then-girlfriend Melania , now wife and first lady , lived ; the picnic at Trump 's estate in Bedford , N.Y. ( `` where the richest people live , '' Trump narrates ) ; the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. ( `` the best golf course in New York state '' ) ; the overnight stay at Trump 's Taj Mahal casino ( `` you 're staying in the most beautiful suite you 've ever seen '' ) ; the jaunt to Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort ( `` the No . 1 club anywhere as far as I 'm concerned '' ) in Palm Beach , Fla .
In Episode 9 , one contestant 's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump . `` You know , a lot of people would like that opportunity , '' Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock .
Trump 's financial ties have followed him to Washington , with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses . Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust , rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done .
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office , Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort and his golf club in Bedminster , N.J. His hotel in Washington , D.C. , has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president . And Trump has n't shied away from talking about his properties . Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville , Va. , Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area .
4 . Loyalty is paramount
It did n't take the president 's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly Trump values loyalty . But the clues were also there in 2004 , particularly during the firing of contestant Tammy Lee .
In the seventh episode , as Trump dissects the losing team 's failure as they sit before him , Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating . Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee 's dissension , asking , `` Was she honest or disloyal ? ''
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty .
`` Your disloyalty has been just terrible . ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case , '' Trump tells Lee as the music swells , signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence : `` Tammy ... you 're fired . ''
Comey has testified that the president asked for his `` loyalty '' and for him to end the FBI 's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge , but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate .
5 . Trump can stoke a fight , even among others
From the start , Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice ( even into his presidency ) . And , like any good reality television producer , he appeared to have a gift for identifying and , in some cases , amplifying squabbles between contestants .
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6 . Trump is interrogating the losing team , leading to the typical chain of recriminations . Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault ( now an aide to the president ) begins by complimenting her teammate , Heidi Bressler , before also adding that when she first met Bressler , she did n't think she had much class .
`` Do you think Omarosa has class ? '' Trump asks Bressler , looking for a response to her teammate 's backhanded compliment . He adds , `` If somebody said that about me , I would n't like her . I do n't care what they do . ''
Trump then turns to another contestant , Jessie Conners : `` Do you like Omarosa , the way she just talks to you ? I mean do you like her ? '' Conners refuses to take the bait , instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate .
But Trump is n't finished sussing out the conflict .
`` How can you like her , the way she 's talking to you ? You know she 's got a very sharp edge , '' he says about Manigault . And on it goes .
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office , but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others .
During the campaign , Trump created divides to his advantage . He tried to create a chasm between Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson . In October 2016 , he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , how Hillary Clinton had wronged them , saying , `` To the Bernie Sanders people , you got sold out . '' And last month , following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players , the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL 's athletes and its fans .
6 . On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known , which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success . Instead , his challenge has been to be seen as `` favorable . ''
The show 's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble . NBC , which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends , saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company , The Trump Organization .
Attracting 28 million viewers , the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week . According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup , when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999 , the percentage of respondents who saw him as `` favorable '' declined precipitously : from 41 percent to 33 percent in less than a month . But in 2005 , one year after The Apprentice debuted , Trump clocked in at 50 percent .
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup 's polls . As of Oct. 5 , nearly nine months into his presidency , Trump is at 39 percent . However , what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Love Island viewers will be heartbroken to hear that Danny Dyer wo n't be sizing up Jack Fincham in the villa .
Usually , the parents of each of the Islanders meet their son or daughter 's partner at the end of the series .
Fans believed that the EastEnders star would be appearing in the villa and meet Jack .
Sadly , however , it has been revealed that Danny wo n't be able to take part in the meet-the-parents episode due to a commitments clash .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Currently , Dani and boyfriend Jack are the big favourites to win the show and are the only original couple from the first episode still remaining .
A source told The Sun : `` Danny had booked time off work long before his daughter Dani had any inkling she would be going on Love Island .
“ All his time off the soap had to be pre-booked with EastEnders to stop all the cast being off work at the same time . ''
However , they added that there was `` still a chance '' he could do a u-turn in a bid to support Dani .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Supplied by WENN )
The show is clearly growing on Danny , who has made a few jokes about Love Island on social media .
Sharing a photoshopped image of himself parachuting on Instagram , he wrote : `` On me way to have a couple of cheeky tequilas with some slice of a geezer called Jack . # fathersday # loveisland . ''
This came after Jack tried to do an impression of the actor .
Do n't miss Love Island news Want to make sure you get the latest updates from the villa ? Or just ca n't wait 23 hours to find out what happens next ? Sign up using this form to receive daily updates directly to your phone - and we 'll send the big breaking news to you as well .
When tasked with trying out Danny Dyer 's accent , he initially said that there was `` no chance '' .
But then he revealed his favourite Danny line from a film where he asked for some `` cheeky tequilas '' .
Fingers crossed Danny will change his mind ...
* Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2
MTNL 's total income declined to Rs812.66 crore in the June quarter from Rs881.93 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2016-17 . Photo : HT
New Delhi : State-run telecom firm MTNL on Monday posted a net loss of Rs703.17 crore for the quarter ended 30 June , as against that of Rs718.02 crore in the same period of 2016 .
Total income of the public sector firm declined to Rs812.66 crore in the reported quarter from Rs881.93 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2016-17 .
Its total expenses were at Rs1,515.83 crore in the quarter under review against that of Rs1,599.94 crore in the year-ago period .
Its expenses related to employee remunerations and benefit stood at Rs608.22 crore against Rs681.91 crore in the year-ago quarter .
The finance cost of the debt-ridden public firm too increased by 3.6 % to Rs358.36 crore from Rs345.88 crore during the period under review .
MTNL provides telecom services in Delhi and Mumbai .
Shares of MTNL closed at Rs17.95 a unit , up by 4.06 % compared to previous close , at the BSE .
[ India ] , December 12 ( ANI ) : Three suspected United Liberation Front of Assam ( Independent ) ( ULFA-I ) cadre dressed in army fatigues have shot dead a Village Defence Force ( VDF ) president and his son in Simaluguri area of the district .
Simaluguri Village Defence Force ( VDF ) president Anteswar Mahanta and his son W. Mahanta were killed on Monday after they were dragged out of their house and were shot dead by AK-47 .
`` We reached the spot as soon as we received the information and we have started the investigation . The attack was carried out with an AK-47 whereby it seems that there are suspected ULFA militants behind the incident , '' District Superintendent of Police ( SP ) Mugdhajyoti Mahanta told ANI .
Further details are awaited . Earlier on Saturday , one ULFA cadre was arrested here by Dangri Kumar Army Camp of Dao Division . The said cadre , identified as Abhay Deka , was involved in the Dillighat firing incident in November 2015 . ( ANI )
Italian Suspect Accused Of Targeting People Of Color Wounds 6 In Drive-By Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
An Italian man , who reportedly ran unsuccessfully as an anti-immigrant candidate in a local election last year , wounded several foreigners in the central city of Macerata during a drive-by shooting on Saturday , according to police .
The suspect was identified as 28-year-old Luca Traini , according to multiple Italian media reports , citing police .
Sky TG24 reports the rampage lasted for at least an hour as the suspect began firing shots from his car before noon targeting people of color throughout the city and wounding six people all from Africa .
The mayor said the victims were five men and one woman and at least one person was in serious condition .
The shootings sparked widespread fear as police warned people to stay indoors and the mayor issued a curfew .
It only came to an end once the black Alfa Romeo was blocked , at which point the driver got out donning the Italian flag , made a fascist salute and submitted himself to police without resisting arrest , reports the Ansa news agency .
Police say Traini had no previous arrest record .
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Italian media report Traini made a failed bid last year in administrative elections in the nearby city of Corridonia with the anti-immigrant Northern League party .
The ruling center-left Democratic Party said Traini also fired shots at one of their offices in Macerata on Saturday , reports Reuters .
Matteo Salvini , who heads the Northern League party , tweeted on Saturday , `` Violence is never the solution , violence is always to be condemned . And whoever is wrong , must pay . '' He went on to say , `` Immigration out of control leads to chaos , anger , social conflict . Immigration out of control leads to drug dealing , theft , robbery and violence . ''
The drive-by shooting comes during a tense time in Macerata after a Nigerian asylum seeker was accused in the murder of an 18-year-old woman whose dismembered body was found on Wednesday .
Northern League leader Salvini said the center-left government was responsible for her death for letting migrants stay in the country , reports Reuters . He posted to Facebook earlier this week of the Nigerian suspect , `` What was this worm still doing in Italy ? ''
Christopher Livesay has reported for NPR that a recent surge in migrants to Italy has fueled right-wing anger over jobs and other benefits .
Investigators Say Austin 'Serial Bomber ' May Have Used Tripwire In The Latest Blast
Enlarge this image toggle caption Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 4:20 p.m . ET
Authorities say a fourth device that exploded in Austin , Texas , this month indicates a `` serial bomber '' — and one who is more sophisticated than the earlier bombs suggested .
Austin Chief of Police Brian Manley said Monday that investigators believe a tripwire might have been used in the device that exploded in a Southwest Austin neighborhood on Sunday night , injuring two men .
`` The belief that we are now dealing with someone who is using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication , a higher level of skill , '' he said , adding that if residents see suspicious objects that look out of place , `` Do not even approach it , but instead call 911 . ''
The fourth device exploded in the Travis Country neighborhood , which adjoins the Barton Creek Greenbelt . Two young men were walking along a sidewalk or the grassy area along it when they apparently tripped a wire , causing the bomb placed along a fence to detonate .
The neighborhood remains on lockdown . Police are asking residents for any video footage from any home security cameras that might show a possible suspect . No suspect has been identified in the case , which now has more than 500 agents working on it .
Manley said the victims of the latest blast are white males , ages 22 and 23 , who both are now in the hospital with serious injuries .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
The previous package bombs that have exploded in Austin since March 2 targeted people of color , as the Two-Way has previously reported : `` The first two packages were left at the homes of black residents , while Manley described the septuagenarian victim of the third blast as a Hispanic woman . ''
With the fourth bomb , the investigation seems to have moved into a new phase for investigators — because of the device 's design and the randomness of its victims .
`` With this tripwire , this changes things , '' said Christopher Combs , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio office . `` It 's more sophisticated . It 's not targeted to individuals . We 're very concerned that with tripwires , a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something . ''
Austin resident Shelley Leath lives close to the site of the fourth blast ; her son heard the explosion from his room .
`` I 've never seen so many police and ATF and FBI agents in one place , '' she told NPR on Monday . `` There are helicopters overhead right now . There were [ helicopters ] last night until about 11:30 at night . So it 's a little unsettling . ''
Agents from ATF stopped by Monday , inquiring about the trails behind her apartment building and whether she had seen anything suspicious .
`` We have been conditioned ... over the last week , week and a half to keep an eye out for packages , and that 's a fairly easy thing to do . If you did n't order something , then do n't pick up a package on your front door , '' she said . `` But just walking down the street or walking your dog or rolling over a wire that ca n't be seen . ... It 's scary . ''
`` My son rides his bike all over this neighborhood , rides it down to the Greenbelt , '' she said . `` I guess we ca n't do that . I 'm not real sure . ''
The city 's police chief said it was too soon to know the motive behind the attacks or label them as domestic terror .
`` That is something we are going to analyze , '' Manley said . `` We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point , based on the similarities between what is now the fourth device . ... We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this , or something that will lead us , along with our federal partners , to make that decision . ''
`` As we said from the beginning , we were not willing to classify this as terrorism , as hate , because we just do n't know enough , '' he added . `` And what we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks , to what was last night an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by . So we 've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect ... is using . ''
A tripwire can be made of materials including filament wire , metal or fishing line .
YouTube
Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a suspect in the case ; Texas Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $ 15,000 .
`` We need this to stop , '' Combs said . `` We are very concerned that people can get hurt just by walking now , when we have tripwires . A hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money , and we 're hoping somebody knows something , and that they can call us , and help us stop what is going on here . ''
He also asked for the bomber to contact law enforcement .
`` We do n't understand why they are doing this , '' said Combs . `` We have people here that he can talk to , and we would like that to occur . So we would like him to reach out and talk to us . ''
The Siddaramaiah-led Congress government in Karnataka has been on overdrive approving big ticket projects , months before the state heads into elections .
Bengaluru : The state high level clearance committee ( SHLCC ) , headed by Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah , on Monday approved four projects totalling Rs3,427 crore .
The new projects would provide employment to 2,595 people , according to a statement issued by the chief minister 's office .
The Siddaramaiah-led Congress government in Karnataka has been on overdrive approving big ticket projects , months before the state heads into elections .
Siddaramaiah has constantly challenged the ‘ Gujarat Model ' being promoted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , to drive home the point that Karnataka under the Congress has fared better than all states in attracting investments and creating new jobs .
The SHLCC approved a Rs1,152 crore investment for an engineering and technology facility by aircraft maker Boeing India Private Limited . Karnataka has been inviting global aviation companies to set up shop in its Aerospace Park—on the outskirts of Bengaluru—to cement its position as the aviation hub of the country .
The other projects are : a training centre by the Indian Coast Guard in Dakshina Kannada district with an investment of Rs1,010 crore ; a technology innovation international park by CDC Development India Pvt Limtied at a cost of Rs740 crore ; and a Rs525 crore affordable housing project by Universal Builders .
“ With state investment intentions of Rs147,625 crore so far in 2017 , Karnataka tops the country in this measure for the second year in a row . This is a testament to the success of the Karnataka Model and our commitment to attract investments & ensure job creation , ” Siddaramaiah said on micro blogging site Twitter on Sunday .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Emma Willis stunned as she took to the stage for the live Celebrity Big Brother final .
The presenter wrapped up warm in a pink Mongolian lambswool jacket which costs £450 by designer Florence Bridge .
She also opted for a figure-hugging pink dress from Victoria Beckham 's collection that emphasised her gorgeous long legs .
Meanwhile , a simple pair of nude Louboutin heels completed the look .
Fans at home thought she looked gorgeous .
One viewer said : `` loving Emma Willis outfit ''
( Image : Credit : Lia Toby/WENN )
( Image : Credit : Lia Toby/WENN )
And another said : `` Emma looking stunning tonight she 's so pretty ! ! ! ''
`` EMMA WILLIS , YOUR HIGHLIGHTER IS ON FLEEK BABE , '' another commented .
While one wrote : `` Love Emma 's coat I want one ''
Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is almost over for another series .
Its January return brought with it a batch of famous faces who have been locked away from the British public for the past month .
But what 's the meaning of the theme of CBB series 21 ? Who were all the contestants ? And how can you watch the live final ?
The 2018 series has been an epic on this year - but only one celebrity can be crowned the winner .
Transgender newsreader India Willoughby was the first contestant to be evicted , followed by journalist Rachel Johnson and the lovely Maggie Oliver being booted out in a double eviction . John Barnes became the first male evictee of CBB 2018 in a shocking backdoor eviction , shortly followed by Ginuwine in week three . A shock triple eviction saw Andrew Brady , Jonny Mitchell and Dapper Laughs evicted last week .
Shane Jenek , Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep are confirmed finalists after a triple eviction on Tuesday night saw Amanda Barrie , Ashley James and Malika Haqq leave the house .
Here 's everything you need to know about Celebrity Big Brother 2018 ...
How to watch Celebrity Big Brother live
You can tune in to Channel 5 on the telly or watch live on Demand 5 from your PC or mobile device .
If you miss any episodes you can catch up on Demand 5 online 24 hours later .
What 's been the theme of CBB 2018 ?
( Image : WireImage )
This series saw the first ever all-female Celebrity Big Brother line-up - at least to start with .
Channel 5 bosses are celebrating the centenary of women 's suffrage - when some women were granted the vote in 2018 - by pulling in a batch of female celebrities .
In their announcement , CBB producers said : `` In January 2018 , as the nation marks 100 years since women won the right to vote for the very first time , Celebrity Big Brother launches this series with an all-female cast of celebrity housemates in a salute to a centenary of women 's suffrage on Channel 5 . ''
However , male celebrities will be added to the line-up throughout the duration of the series .
`` Presented by Emma Willis , Celebrity Big Brother will initially explore how the all-female housemates interact , from politicians to performing artists , as they enter the house first , ahead of the celebrity male housemates , '' the producers went on .
`` Over the course of the series , as the male counterparts enter the house , the housemates will take part in a series of entertaining tasks and hidden experiments which will test their - and our - assumptions , challenge gender stereotypes and reveal fascinating truths about what it is to be a woman - and man - in the 21st century .
`` See what happens when women hold the power , as Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is set to be celebratory , surprising and insightful . ''
What 's the CBB 2018 logo ?
( Image : Channel 5 )
The Celebrity Big Brother eye has undergone a whole make-over since the last series , this time sporting a colourful iris and thick eyelashes .
It 's made to look like a woman 's eye , with a lick of eyeliner and even mascara to make it pop .
But right at the centre of the pupil is a camera lens - to remind the housemates that Big Brother is always watching ...
Who is in CBB 2018 ?
The women
Ashley James - OUT in Week Four Amanda Barrie - OUT in Week Four Ann Widdecombe - FINALIST Malika Haqq -OUT in Week Four Rachel Johnson - OUT in Week Two Jess Impiazzi - FINALIST India Willoughby - OUT in Week One Maggie Oliver - OUT in Week Two
The men
Courtney Act - FINALIST Wayne Sleep - FINALIST Ginuwine - OUT in Week Three Andrew Brady - OUT in Week Three Dapper Laughs - OUT in Week Three Shane Lynch - FINALIST Jonny Mitchell - OUT in Week Three John Barnes - OUT in Week Three
Who are the presenters of Celebrity Big Brother 2018 ?
( Image : 135398-5 )
The lovely Emma Willis has returned to her usual duties as host of the main show .
She introduced the line-up in the launch show and has been announcing to the housemates who have been kicked out in each eviction , followed by exit interviews with the evictees .
The stunning brunette will announce the winner tonight , followed by an interview with the champion as well as the other finalists .
Her co-star Rylan Clark-Neal has been hosting Celebrity Big Brother 's Bit On The Side , the late-night spin-off that takes a tongue-in-cheek look at the main show 's juiciest moments with a celeb-filled panelist .
When will Celebrity Big Brother return ?
If you are already feeling low about the fact your evening telly will no longer be filled with CBB episodes - have no fear !
The CBB summer series is expected to make a return in August and we already ca n't wait .
And - if you ca n't hold out that long - the civilian edition of the series is expected to return to screens in summer 2018 too .
Applications are now open for Big Brother 2018 auditions if you fancy being an on-screen star and can get the summer off work .
A remorseful motorist has been fined after he caused a collision which left a cyclist injured and fearful he had broken his neck .
Chesterfield magistrates ' court heard on Wednesday , October 5 , how Ian Murray , 74 , of Jaggers Lane , Hathersage , was involved in the collision with the cyclist on Main Road , at Hathersage , as he was turning into the Spar garage .
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said : “ The complainant was riding a pedal cycle in Hathersage . His memory is limited but he believes a car hit him as it was moving slowly in the opposite carriageway . ”
Mrs Allsop added that the cyclist remembered rolling along the road and lying on his side and there was no sensation in his right arm or the side of his face .
The cyclist feared he had broken his neck , according to Mrs Allsop , and he began concentrating on getting bystanders to call an ambulance but not to move him .
Mrs Allsop said the cyclist had to stay in hospital and after he was discharged he had to go back due to developing new symptoms .
The court heard how the cyclist suffered bruises , grazes and a laceration to his face and he has been left with pins and needle sensations in his hands but the prognosis is he will recover .
A witness told how the cyclist had been riding downhill into Hathersage and Mr Murray 's car had been driving in the opposite direction and had pulled across slowly into the garage when she heard a bang .
Murray told police he had been driving uphill and there were visibility issues and he had not seen the cyclist and the collision happened as he turned right .
The defendant , who is of previous good character , pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention after the incident on May 14 .
Defence solicitor Tim Gaubert said : “ This has had a profound effect on him in terms of anxiety for himself and primarily for the cyclist and he has written a letter of apology .
“ The standard of driving was essentially down to a momentary lapse of concentration while turning right across the path of the carriageway into the Spar at Hathersage .
“ Mr Murray did not see him and he fully accepts that he should have taken more care but he had indicated because the light was still flashing at the scene . ”
Former Hope Cement Works employee Murray had been dealing with the death of an elderly relative at the time of the collision whom he had previously cared for .
Magistrates fined Murray £185 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge .
His driving licence was also endorsed with six points .
In Effort To Court Drivers , Lyft Offering Education Discounts
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft
Lyft is unveiling a new education program for drivers , offering access to discounted GED and college courses online . The move is an interesting experiment in the gig economy , where a growing class of workers receive zero benefits from a boss and yet competition for their time is fierce .
Many Lyft drivers see their work for the company as a stopgap measure , a flexible way to make money while they try to build a career .
Shanae Watkins , a driver based in Baltimore , would like to become a social worker . She is currently working on her bachelor 's in psychology through online classes . `` It 's better that way with my kids , '' she says . `` I can drive or study while still being present at home when they need me . ''
Watkins drives for Uber , Lyft , GrubHub and Amazon Flex and , she says , she does not have loyalty to any specific gig company .
`` I turn on the apps and see where the demand is , '' she says . But , she says , if one of them offered help with the cost of school , that could move her to shift her loyalties .
That is the bet that Lyft is making in this new pilot program with Guild Education . The Denver-based startup connects workers to courses provided by nonprofit online schools .
Lyft drivers will receive tuition discounts ranging from 5 percent to 20 percent and , according to the company , the average driver working with Guild to earn a degree can save up to $ 4,220 per year .
Drivers can take English as a second language and GED courses , as well as earn an associates , bachelor 's or master 's degree online in subjects including IT , nursing , social work , occupational therapy and business .
Lyft would not disclose how much the program will cost the company . According to a Lyft survey of drivers to be published next month , 47 percent do not have a college degree .
Gabe Cohen , general manager for Lyft in Denver , says internal surveys show that drivers want to earn degrees . This move serves that goal , as well as the startup 's business interests .
`` It is important that drivers feel loyalty to Lyft , '' Cohen says .
There is fierce competition for drivers in the ride-hailing industry . Companies pour money into marketing budgets , placing ads on billboards and popular radio stations in an effort to recruit .
This new education benefit could be a more effective tool and even prompt the largest ride-hailing company , Uber , to do the same . In response to pressure from drivers who pointed out that Lyft offered in-app tipping , Uber started offering the feature this summer .
To qualify , a driver must have completed 10 rides for Lyft in the current or previous quarter , and then 10 rides per month .
`` It is a low bar , '' says Zoe Weintraub , who directs sales and corporate partnerships at Guild .
Turnover among the hourly workforce is notoriously high . Lyft is the first company in the gig economy to offer these education benefits to its drivers .
Guild 's other clients include the fast-food chain Chipotle which , Weintraub says , has seen a clear benefit to retention : 98 percent of the employees who enrolled in its education programs stayed with the company over a 90-day period .
David Weil , dean at Brandeis University 's Heller School of Social Policy and Management , is not impressed . Weil , who was in charge of investigating companies that misclassify workers under the Obama administration , describes the move by Lyft as strategic , but not generous .
Lyft and Uber are fighting in courts against claims that drivers are employees entitled to benefits like paid sick leave and health care .
`` The ride-hailing companies ca n't erase the fact that their business models are having drivers do all sorts of things an employee would do , '' Weil says . To offer training is `` really nice '' but it does n't mean Lyft should `` be rewarded by having the other responsibilities removed , '' he says .
Lyft audited the pilot program to assess if it exposes the company to new legal claims that workers are employees , not independent contractors . A spokesperson says in-house lawyers determined it does not because only benefits that serve as compensation — such as paying a health care premium or matching a 401 ( k ) — could put the `` independent contractor '' status in jeopardy .
WEST HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Officers responded to a report of a person being stabbed in West Hartford on Monday night .
According to West Hartford police , two people were located outside their apartment on Hillcrest Avenue .
Police say a victim was stabbed and was transported to a local hospital for treatment . The victim is expected to live .
Officers arrested 34-year-old Naomi Williams-Wal .
Williams-Wal was brought into custody is being held on a $ 500,000 bond . Charges pertaining to this incident are still pending .
The Purely Accidental Lessons Of The First Black 'Bachelorette '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Coffey/ABC Mark Coffey/ABC
It is a truth universally acknowledged that parsing the broader implications of The Bachelor/Bachelorette can feel an awful lot like examining the semiotics of mashed potato flakes . But can we not also agree that the fact that a narrative is ridiculous and phony does n't mean it is n't both reflective of and influential upon the culture out of which it grows ?
We learned on Monday night that attorney Rachel Lindsay will , in the 34th season of the combined Bachelor/ette franchise , become the first black person at the center of a season . This is , in part , her reward for making it most of the way to the top of a heap that , according to the show 's eternally dopey narrative , was built by current Bachelor Nick Viall , a dude so devoid of charm that I once called him a `` churl '' in a headline . ( In fairness , some people like Nick , or else he would n't be The Bachelor . I do not truck with these people . )
The persistent whiteness of Bachelorons ( my chosen term to encompass both Bachelors and Bachelorettes ) is in part a result of the same dynamics that affect much of the rest of television . But this show has had an extra challenge that seems to have that particularly difficult to change even once network executives started to acknowledge it . ( The only Bacheloron who was n't identified as white until now was Juan Pablo Galavis , an American-born Venezuelan soccer player and — unrelated to that , of course — kind of toolbag , to put it in fancy critical terms . )
In short , they alternate Bachelors and Bachelorettes , and each Bacheloron is chosen from the previous season 's almost-winners . Not always the runner-up , but generally somebody from the top few finishers . Rachel is not Nick 's chosen one , but she got close , and that 's why she was in the running for Bachelorette . So in a sense , inside this narrative , each Bacheloron has given a stamp of approval to the next by at least bringing them close to the end of the season . Rachel will do the same with the next Bacheloron — and we 'll get back to that .
When the Bacheloron is white and most of the candidates are white , what this means is this : If you 're a black candidate , you can be chosen , but first , you have to impress a white Bacheloron and convince that person to , for many weeks in a row , pick you . You can not go forward without their say-so , because of longstanding structural rules about allocating power that they themselves have followed successfully in order to become powerful in the first place . You have to figure out how to navigate not only their evaluation of your qualities as a person , but also their largely mysterious `` gut feelings '' and `` instincts '' and ideas about `` compatibility '' and `` fit '' and so forth . Only by navigating that white Bacheloron 's decision-making correctly can you , as a black candidate , obtain power yourself by being chosen . So to succeed in this structure as a black person , you have to click — in some hard-to-define way for which nobody is accountable — with a white person who gets to say yes or no to you . That person 's approval is the only path .
Now go back and replace `` Bacheloron '' with `` boss '' and `` chosen '' with `` promoted , '' and you 'll see that they may have accidentally set up a really freaky metaphor for the way structural racism can sometimes work without anybody setting out to do it . They consider this system , by the way , to be utterly race-neutral . But in practice , in actual undeniable fact , it has been a story almost entirely of a white person picking the next white person , and of that white person then picking another white person , and everybody shrugs and saying , `` I just went with my gut ! It was love ! ''
And that 's why the fact that they chose Rachel to be the Bachelorette is much less interesting to me than this question : Whom will they offer her as candidates ?
If the reason candidates of color were quite few in number until relatively recently was that the Bachelorons were white and the show had Certain Unspoken Ideas About Compatibility , that should mean Rachel should get mostly — not exclusively , but mostly — black men to choose from . ( I am in no way endorsing those C.U.I.A.C. , by the way ; I am merely positing them as one of the ways the show could choose to try to explain its past casting decisions . ) And if that happens , and if the show is right about compatibility ( again , I do n't think it is ) , then Rachel might well choose mostly black men at the top of her list . So maybe then you get a black Bachelor . And then maybe another black Bachelorette .
If that does n't happen , then the story they 've been telling is , in some way , wrong , or at least incomplete .
Before you come at me to explain that you 've seen UnREAL and all of this is phony , let me stress this : for the purposes of this argument , it does n't matter . Consider it a manufactured narrative , and you come out at exactly the same place : the show has put itself in an intriguing bind by building into its story structure both a longstanding lean against interracial dating and a story where being chosen by this season 's hero is key to being next season 's hero . This link between each season and the next has created a way for the centrality of white leads to perpetuate itself , without anyone who set up the whole one-goofus-leads-to-another system having ever needed to have that motive . The motives were undoubtedly ratings , familiarity , and audience loyalty ; they probably would n't care if the lead were a head of lettuce on a broomstick as long as people watched . ( Which they might . ) ( And let 's be honest : some past Bachelors were n't far from that anyway , BRAD . ) But it does n't matter — the effect was the same .
So yes , it 's interesting to see Rachel chosen as the Bachelorette . But watch for her list of suitors . Because that 's where you 'll get the hint about what the real rules are .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The independent bike shop has n't had the easiest time over the last decade – but then again , which retail sector has ? With customer shopping habits having radically shifted online , the British high street looks quite different than it once did .
But with cycling as a pastime and mode of transport continuing to rise in popularity and no shortage of bike shops in the city , you 'd be forgiven for thinking independent bike shops have remained largely unaffected .
Online retail giants like Wiggle and Planet X have emerged over the last decade bringing with them an almighty shake-up of the cycling industry . By offering rock-bottom prices , huge product ranges and 365 days returns , independent bike shops are virtually unable to compete on price .
In addition to their ability to buy in enormous quantities and drive the price down , they also sell bike components from the ‘ grey market ' . These are official branded products often produced for use on pre-built bikes or purchased directly from factories .
This is all perfectly legal but in addition to some quality issues , selling grey market goods is another way that the ‘ Amazons ' of the cycling world can get products such a reduction - and not a supply chain independent bike shops would get involved with .
Some might say this is all healthy competition and certainly no stranger in business . Whatever your opinion , good businesses always adapt and independent bike shops in Cambridge have responded to the changing retail climate in different ways . If you ca n't compete on price – go niche .
( Image : Harry Hubbard )
This approach has been adopted by Bicycle Ambulance , Park Street , which now focuses on brands only available from a few retailers in the country .
“ A lot are hand-made with a high quality finish , from smaller companies often made in the UK and US , ” says Bicycle Ambulance 's Josh Meyland . “ Velo Orange , Paul Components and Spur Cycles are some examples . ”
When it comes to design and quality craftsmanship – people pay what it costs .
Others have chosen to cater to particular types of cyclists .
“ We 've focused into a specialised section of the market with road cycling , ” says Stephen Hawkes , director of Primo Cycles , Jesus Lane . “ We operate the most advanced fit studio in the UK using a number of the same tools that the likes of Team Sky rely on , and more advanced systems in a lot of cases . ”
( Image : David Johnson )
One thing which clearly remains at the forefront of the businesses is the commitment to customer service , something that can not be replicated online .
“ [ We give ] personal truthful advice from keen cyclists. ” says Jef Sharp , owner of Life on a Bike , Mill Road .
“ The retail giants really ca n't come close to the personal experience and expertise that we offer , ” comments Stephen .
As Josh sees it , “ You 'd come to us over Halfords for the same reason you 'd go to Bould Brothers Coffee over Starbucks , you want more from your customer experience . ”
These businesses might have adapted so far , but the struggles are anything but behind them .
So what does the future hold for these independents ?
“ I think a lot of stores will close , ” says Stephen . “ The stores that focus on customer experience and generally go out of their way to help people will be the survivors in the long run . ”
But he believes the independents will not be the only ones affected .
He added : “ I think online will suffer across the board somewhat when the investors in the large companies start wanting them to make profits and the brands themselves start taking control of their images . ”
Jef too believes the retail giants will falter .
“ The largest online retailers will realise that small independent stores are what the consumer wants . They will either have to open their own stores or more likely , acquire current small shops for their own use . ”
( Image : David Johnson )
The future might be uncertain but there 's no doubt that the repair business will always remain in a city like Cambridge .
With the ever-increasing rents and the cost of importing goods post-Brexit still unclear , the truth is no one knows for sure where the future lies for independent bike shops . But the outlook is certainly hopeful and considering the passion and adaptability of the people behind the businesses , they certainly wo n't be giving up the fight any time soon .
Update : Amazon has responded to claims that the security of its Amazon Key smart lock system can be compromised . Speaking specifically of the steps Amazon takes to protect a customer , an Amazon spokesperson said :
`` The delivery driver must complete all steps of the in-home delivery on her/his handheld system to move to the next delivery , including physically checking to ensure that the door is locked .
`` During a delivery , the customer can see time stamps regarding how long the door is open and Amazon receives an alert if the door is unlocked for more than several minutes . In the extremely rare case Amazon is unable to lock the door after a delivery , we immediately call the customer . ''
The original story continues below .
There 's no denying that it 's an annoyance to miss a delivery – especially one that 's been fast tracked by the premium Amazon Prime service you 've paid for . But it 'd be a whole lot more annoying if a desire for a speedy delivery led to your home being robbed instead .
That 's what 's alleged to be a potential hazard of using one of the new Amazon Key security systems . To avoid missed deliveries , the web-connected smart lock gives delivery workers temporary access to your property , allowing them to leave your parcel safely indoors without you being present . An included Wi-Fi camera acts as a deterrent for any light-fingered delivery person who may want to make off with your personal items .
However , the integrity of the security system has been called into question by a hacker who has shown that it 's possible to manipulate the system so as to give anyone access to an Amazon Key-protected property .
Open-sesame
I call this the `` Break & Enter dropbox '' and it pairs well with my Amazon Key ( smartlock & smartcam combo ) . It 's all current software . Amazon downplayed the last attack on this product because it needed an evil delivery driver to execute . This does n't . pic.twitter.com/35krz46KabFebruary 4 , 2018
A hacker known online as `` MG '' posted the above clip , showing the Amazon Key 's security protocols being overriden in a controlled situation .
Though MG is withholding the details of how his hack works until Amazon has had an opportunity to address the issue , the video shows the Amazon Key 's lock potentially remaining open even when a delivery driver 's access allowance has expired .
It appears to take advantage of what 's called a `` dropbox '' – a mobile computer with Wi-Fi connectivity , which can control the key , either finding a way to prevent it from re-locking itself , or simply unlocking it itself .
Tamora Pierce Writes One For The Boys ( But Just One ) In 'Tempests And Slaughter '
Tamora Pierce is a fantasy author who has been beloved for so long that both our books editor and producer — 12 years apart in age — kept her books in their school lockers .
Pierce started out as one of J.R.R . Tolkein 's heirs — but over the last few decades has expanded the realms of high fantasy to consider issues of gender , race , war and violence . Fellow fantasy writers cite her as an influence , too , as you can see if you flip through the blurbs at the front of her new book , Tempests and Slaughter .
Tempests is the first book in a new series , the Numair Chronicles . `` It is the story of a very popular character , '' Pierce says . `` He 's an incredibly powerful wizard , or as they 're known in my universe , mage . And this is his story from the time he was about 10 or 11 or 12 . '' Arram , the young man in the book , is also Pierce 's first male protagonist in a career of writing about female knights and mages .
Interview Highlights
On writing her first male hero
I thought it was fair . I thought I owed the boys some . And Arram is so popular , and gets into so much trouble , that I knew I could do it . Which was an act of hubris on my part that still leaves me breathless . See , I 'm kind of notorious for one thing in particular as a writer — I 'm pretty straightforward about teenagers and sex . I 've lost count of the mothers and father 's who 've come up to me and said , `` Thank you for explaining it to them . '' The thing was , in my first book , I had a girl disguised as a boy . And when you 're a girl disguised as a boy , going through puberty , the changes in your body become a major part of the plot . So I just stuck with it as I went on . And when I was working on this book , I got to a point and I went , `` Oh my god , I can skip it , but that would n't be right . '' So I went to my writing partner , Bruce Coville , and first he laughed himself silly at me , but all those embarrassing little questions , he answered them for me . But it was important , it had to be done . I had to be as fair to the guys as I was to the girls . Which is one reason why I 'm going back to girls after this is over .
On her beginnings as a writer , in the sixth grade
I 'd tell myself stories while I did the dishes , and what [ my father ] said was , `` You should write a book . '' And if he thought so , it was important to me , so ... I asked him what I should write about . And he thought about it for a minute , and he says , `` How about travels in a time machine ? '' And the thing that really made it , that told me more than words — because he was n't that kind of guy — that this was a big deal for him , he said I could use his typewriter . And up until that moment , if I had touched the typewriter , I would be missing that hand today .
On her influence and the growing number of women in fantasy narratives
I do n't know , I think they would have happened anyway . The third wave of feminism really gave young women permission to just break out . The idea that yes , you can be a strong woman , but there are roles opening up in traditionally masculine fields , and if they 're opening out here , then why ca n't they open out in fantasy ?
On whether she sees current events like # MeToo reflected in fantasy
I try very hard to include elements of reality in everything I do . I think the one thing fantasy does , and science fiction as well , is we give kids exposure to parts of the real world at a safe distance , so that they can read about it and think about it , and turn it over , close the book , go away , talk about it with people they trust , then come back and think about it again . So definitely , the # MeToo movement , I would like to see way more of that , because I 've been so energized by women finally coming forward and people having to listen to them . That is just so important to me .
A former manager of the Nassau County emergency operations center stressed Tuesday from the stand that he believed former County Executive Edward Mangano was behind the push to award restaurateur Harendra Singh an emergency , no-bid catering contract in the wake of superstorm Sandy .
John Maguire , testifying for a second day in Mangano 's federal corruption trial in Central Islip , again recounted how Mangano 's then-assistant Laura Munafo asked him : “ Who the [ expletive ] are you to pick the caterer ? ”
But then Assistant U.S. Attorney Raymond Tierney asked Maguire on whose behalf he thought Munafo was speaking .
“ The county executive , ” Maguire responded .
It was Singh who ultimately received the contract to provide meals to county emergency workers who were toiling during Sandy 's aftermath in 2012 , though Singh was n't on the list of three approved vendors for the task .
“ Do you think Harendra Singh 's friendship with Ed Mangano had anything to do with the awarding of this contract ? ” Tierney asked .
“ Yes , ” Maguire said .
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider 's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Singh , 59 , of Laurel Hollow , who testified in the trial 's first four weeks , pleaded guilty to providing Mangano and former Oyster Bay Town Supervisor John Venditto with bribes in exchange for county contracts totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars and town-guaranteed loans totaling about $ 20 million .
Mangano 's defense attorney , Kevin Keating of Garden City , earlier in the trial sought to distance his client from the contract that Singh won for the Sandy response .
Singh had acknowledged then that the contract was initiated by Health Commissioner Larry Eisenstein and negotiated with Craig Craft , who is now deceased but was then the Office of Emergency Management commissioner , and his aide Raquel Wolf , a former Singh employee .
Singh had said that during the Sandy cleanup efforts he served the VIPs including Mangano “ special food ” such as shrimp and veal while the rank-and-file ate meals such as chicken and pasta .
Mangano , 56 , of Bethpage , and Venditto , 68 , of North Massapequa , have pleaded not guilty to charges that include conspiracy to commit federal program bribery and honest-services wire fraud , extortion for Mangano and securities fraud for Venditto .
Mangano 's wife , Linda , 54 , of Bethpage , who is also standing trial , has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to obstruct justice , obstruction of justice and making false statements to the FBI .
Their trial is in its seventh week .
Singh has testified that he bribed Edward Mangano and Venditto with perks including free meals at his restaurants , free limousine services for Venditto , his aides , his family and their guests , free vacations for the Mangano family and a no-show job for Linda Mangano that paid her $ 450,000 over four and a half years .
On Tuesday , Maguire testified to Mangano 's influence during the Sandy recovery process .
He said that as the county was reeling from the storm 's devastation , Mangano was in charge and that Craft would speak to Mangano on any big decisions .
“ He called him ‘ the boss , ' ” Maguire said of how Craft referred to Mangano .
Tierney , the prosecutor , asked if stores and restaurants reopened near the emergency operations center in Bethpage as power was restored after Sandy struck .
Maguire said they did .
Yet food was supplied to the center by Singh for about a month , Maguire said .
Keating , Mangano 's attorney , asked if the food supplied was more like 16 days , rather than a month .
Maguire said he could n't recall , but agreed that the amount of food tapered off as various agencies demobilized and left the emergency operations center .
He also agreed that Singh 's H.R . Singletons was significantly closer to the center in Bethpage than Freeport is , where one of the approved vendors was .
The next witness Tuesday , former county Office of Emergency Mangano employee Heather McNeill , formerly known by her maiden name , Senti , said Craft became commissioner in 2011 or 2012 , and she witnessed that he was friendly with Mangano .
Craft referred to Mangano as “ the boss ” and to Chief Deputy County Executive Rob Walker as “ Walker , Texas Ranger , ” she said .
Tierney asked about Craft 's management style .
“ My mother always told me it 's not proper to speak ill of the deceased , but Mr . Craft ran OEM like a frat house , ” McNeill said .
She added that he left important decisions to the “ adults ” who worked there .
The Office of Emergency Management had nine employees when Mangano came into office in 2010 , but by the time Sandy hit in 2012 , it had expanded to 15 , McNeill said . Among the new additions were Wolf and Munafo , who started about six months before Sandy , McNeill said .
McNeill said she was unaware of any emergency management experience that Munafo had , but she said Munafo made about $ 10,000 a year more than she did .
McNeill said Munafo had a “ close personal relationship ” with Mangano and referred to him as “ Ed ” during her frequent phone calls with him .
Tierney asked how she knew that .
“ She would leave it on speakerphone and scream quite loudly , ” McNeill explained .
Scholars who attempt to elucidate the crime perpetrated on 9/11 – who are commonly referred to as 9/11 truthers – are often criticized for relying on conjecture and speculation in support of their claims . Such criticism may at times be justified , though often made in bad faith . There is actually no need to resort to speculative arguments that the official account of 9/11 is a fraud since there are hard facts that support this conclusion . Here are 10 such undisputed facts :
1 . U.S. authorities have failed to trace , arrest , try ( prosecute ) , and punish anyone responsible for the crime against humanity committed on 9/11 .
The mass murder committed on September 11 , 2001 represents , under international law , a crime against humanity . The State where it was committed – in this case the United States of America – bears the obligation to the international community to trace , arrest , try , and punish individuals responsible for that crime .
Since 2002 , U.S. authorities admit they have detained a handful of persons at Guantánamo Bay who are accused of helping to orchestrate 9/11 . Their identities remain in doubt ; their alleged confessions were made behind closed doors ; and their trial by a military court does not fulfill minimal international norms of due process .
U.S. authorities claim to have sentenced Zacarias Moussaoui to life imprisonment for not having warned the FBI about the preparations for 9/11 , an allegation he denied . No evidence was presented that he was involved in the preparations for 9/11 or knew anything about these preparations . No evidence was presented that he even knew the alleged hijackers . U.S. authorities also claim to hold , since 2003 , a man by the name of Khalid Sheikh Mohamed ( KSM ) in Guantánamo who allegedly confessed to have masterminded 9/11 and more than 30 other terrorist operations . He also allegedly confessed to having planned an attack on a bank in Washington State that did not exist until after he was already in Guantánamo . The man , whose identity remains murky and whose connection to 9/11 is limited to what he said in his ludicrous confession , has not been prosecuted , let alone sentenced . No one seriously expects him to be ever brought to trial , let alone a trial fulfilling international norms .
2 . When announcing to the United Nations their decision to attack Afghanistan , U.S. authorities failed to provide evidence that the crime of 9/11 was in any way connected to Afghanistan . In fact , such evidence has still not been produced .
See the letter from U.S. Representative John Negroponte to the President of the UN Security Council , October 7 , 2001 ( mirrored here ) .
3 . The United States government did not authorize an investigation of the events of 9/11 that could have fulfilled minimal international standards : The 9/11 Commission was neither independent nor impartial , and its investigation was neither thorough nor transparent .
Regarding minimal standards of investigation , see Elias Davidsson , “ The Events of 11 September 2001 and the Right to the Truth. ” ( See this or this )
4 . Despite vilifying Osama bin Laden as a terrorist leader , judicial authorities in the United States have failed to charge him in connection with 9/11 . He was not even wanted in connection with this crime .
The FBI admitted in June 2006 that it possesses no concrete evidence linking Osama bin Laden to 9/11 . ( See : Ed Haas , “ FBI says , it has no ‘ hard evidence connecting Bin Laden to 9/11 , ” Information Clearing House , June 18 , 2006 , mirrored here )
5 . Authorities in the United States have failed to produce clear and convincing evidence that the 19 persons named by the FBI as 9/11 hijackers even boarded aircraft that they are alleged to have subsequently hijacked .
To be precise : U.S. authorities have failed to produce authenticated passenger lists that would include the names of the alleged hijackers ; witnesses who saw these alleged hijackers in the airports or boarding the aircraft ; authenticated security-camera videos proving their presence in the airports of departure ; and DNA identification of these individuals ' bodily remains ( see detailed analysis in Elias Davidsson , Hijacking America 's Mind on 9/11 [ Algora Publishers , New York , 2013 ] , Chapter 2 ) .
6 . U.S. authorities have failed to produce clear and convincing evidence that passenger airliners crashed at the known landmarks on 9/11 .
The FBI admitted in a letter to the Nevada District U.S. Court on March 14 , 2008 , signed by Assistant U.S. Attorney Patrick A . Rose , that records detailing the collection and positive identification of the wreckage of the crashed aircraft do not exist ( Letter mirrored here ) . He thus admitted that the FBI failed to formally identify the wreckage found at the various crash sites as belonging to the allegedly hijacked aircraft . It is , therefore , not established that the allegedly hijacked aircraft crashed at these locations .
7 . U.S. authorities have failed to explain why more than 1,100 persons , who were present at the World Trade Center on 9/11 , vanished into thin air .
Vast parts of the Twin Towers were literally pulverized as can be seen from video recordings , photos , and testimonies . Of more than 1,100 missing persons , not a single tooth , nail , or bone has been found as of 2011 ( See , inter alia , Anemona Hartocollis , “ Connecting with lost loved ones , if only by the tips of fingers , ” The New York Times , September 11 , 2011 [ mirrored here ] ) . U.S. authorities have never explained what could have caused more than 1,100 persons to vanish without leaving a trace . They bear the obligation , under human rights law , to determine the reason for such disappearances .
8 . U.S. authorities compensated families of 9/11 victims that agreed to waive their right to further court action . The compensation exceeded by at least seven times what was paid to the families of firefighters who died in rescue operations on 9/11 .
The families of 9/11 victims received from the U.S . Compensation Fund , established in October 2001 , an average of $ 2.1 million if they agreed to waive their right to engage in civil proceedings ( see , inter alia , Brian Bernbaum , “ 9/11 Fund Chief Faults Payments , ” CBS News , 4.9.2003 [ mirrored here ] ) . As of 2013 , spouses of firefighters who die in line of duty can obtain $ 333,605 under the Public Safety Officers ' Benefits ( PSOB ) Act ( 42 U.S.C . 3796 ) . The figure for 2001 was undoubtedly lower . The 95 families , who did not apply to the Compensation Fund and preferred to let courts determine their rights , obtained an average of $ 5.5 million in out-of-court settlements ( see , Ashby Jones , “ The 9/11 Victim Settlements : A Chat with Skadden 's Sheila Birnbaum , ” The Wall Street Journal , 13.3.2009 [ mirrored here ] ) .
9 . U.S. authorities have failed to explain the effect of numerous military drills conducted on the morning of 9/11 – including the simulation of aircraft hijackings – on the commission of the mass murder .
Military drills caused confusion and surprised military and civilian personnel responsible for air traffic , as reported in U.S. media . For example , NORAD Major General Larry Arnold said that , “ By the end of the day , we had twenty-one aircraft identified as possible hijackings. ” ( See , Eric Hehs , “ Conversation with Major General Larry Arnold , ” One Magazine , January 2002 [ mirrored here ] ) . Colonel Robert Marr , NEADS battle commander , said he had been told that across the nation there were “ 29 different reports of hijackings. ” ( See , Robert A. Baker , “ Commander of 9/11 Air Defenses Retires , ” Newhouse News Service , March 31 , 2005 [ mirrored here ] ) . U.S. authorities failed to explain how these drills affected the commission of the crime , including the apparent failure to intercept hijacked aircraft .
10 . U.S. authorities promoted numerous officials who , according to the official account on 9/11 , had failed to carry out their duties with regard to 9/11 . Not a single person has been held accountable anywhere in government for what went wrong on or prior to 9/11 .
Here are few examples : Richard Myers , in charge of the Pentagon on 9/11 , was promoted to Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on October 1 , 2001 ; Ralph Eberhart , in charge of NORAD on 9/11 , was promoted to head the new “ Northern Command ” a year after 9/11 ; Captain Charles J. Leidig , acting NMCC Director on 9/11 , was promoted in 2004 to the rank of admiral ; Brigadier General Montague Winfield , who on 9/11 was in charge of the National Military Command Center ( NMCC ) , was promoted in May 2003 to the two-star rank of major general ; Marion ( Spike ) Bowman , who blocked FBI investigations into the alleged hijackers before 9/11 , was given an award for “ exceptional performance ” after a 9/11 Congressional Inquiry report claimed that his unit gave Minneapolis FBI agents “ inexcusably confused and inaccurate information ” that was “ patently false . ”
Conclusion
The above facts are sufficient to reject the official account of 9/11 and consider the administration of President George W. Bush as the main suspect for this crime against humanity . While the facts are not sufficient for leveling criminal charges against specific individuals , they permit general conclusions to be drawn regarding the dangerous nature of the U.S. regime and the complicity of the political class , mainstream media , academia , and the justice system of NATO member states in covering-up the crime of 9/11 and shielding those responsible for that crime .
*
This article was originally published on Truth and Shadows .
by Michel Chossudovsky ISBN Number : 9780973714715 List Price : $ 24.95 click here to order
Special Price : $ 18.00
In this new and expanded edition of Michel Chossudovsky 's 2002 best seller , the author blows away the smokescreen put up by the mainstream media , that 9/11 was an attack on America by “ Islamic terrorists ” . Through meticulous research , the author uncovers a military-intelligence ploy behind the September 11 attacks , and the cover-up and complicity of key members of the Bush Administration .
The expanded edition , which includes twelve new chapters focuses on the use of 9/11 as a pretext for the invasion and illegal occupation of Iraq , the militarisation of justice and law enforcement and the repeal of democracy .
According to Chossudovsky , the “ war on terrorism ” is a complete fabrication based on the illusion that one man , Osama bin Laden , outwitted the $ 40 billion-a-year American intelligence apparatus . The “ war on terrorism ” is a war of conquest . Globalisation is the final march to the “ New World Order ” , dominated by Wall Street and the U.S. military-industrial complex .
September 11 , 2001 provides a justification for waging a war without borders . Washington 's agenda consists in extending the frontiers of the American Empire to facilitate complete U.S. corporate control , while installing within America the institutions of the Homeland Security State .
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Elias Davidsson and Craig McKee , Global Research , 2018
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/ten-irrefutable-devastating-911-facts/5637525
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man allegedly stabbed his teenage sister to death with '53 ' knife wounds just because she had taken too long in the family bathroom , a court heard .
On Monday , Detective Jesus Maldonado told a court in Georgia that the 15-year-old had been stabbed more than 50 times allegedly by her older brother who 'could not stop ' .
Det . Moldonado testified Gavin Henderson had moved in Lacota Apartments , Alpharetta , with his mother , Rochelle , and his siblings after he got out of prison in Florida last year .
The career criminal was known for being violent and had served several years behind bars for his appallingly vicious crimes , a preliminary hearing held yesterday heard .
The detective told the silenced court that on one occasion in the past , the 27-year-old had held a knife to another sister before the family calmed him down without the police being called .
On the day the teenager died , Henderson needed to use the bathroom at about 3pm , the court was told .
Keaira Henderson , a student at Alpharetta High School , was in it and her sister , 12 , was also in the house .
The mother was at work in Alpharetta .
Det . Maldonado told the court : “ She said there was an altercation about Keaira taking too long in the bathroom , which led to the fighting . ”
It is alleged the brother than fetched a monster 10-inch hunting-style knife and followed Keaira as she ran outside and started banging on neighbours ' doors for help .
The terrified 12-year-old stayed in the apartment and called her mother at work .
The mum raced home while dialling 911 , but was unable to really say what was going on at that moment .
In his statement , Henderson reportedly said he realised after the first stab he was going back to prison and then could n't stop . He reportedly told police there was “ no turning back ” .
The 12-year-old had opened the front door and saw the killing as Keaira screamed : “ No ! Please stop ! ”
Meanwhile , soaked in his sister 's blood , Henderson went to a local convenience store and reportedly turned himself in .
Placing the bloodied knife on the counter , he asked the assistant to call 911 .
He told her there had been an “ accident ” , reports AJC .
When officers looked over Keaira 's body , they could n't count how many times she 'd been stabbed , except that it was far too many to survive . The medical examiner 's office reportedly said it was 53 times .
Police arrived and arrested Henderson , soon filing murder charges against him .
The judge decided there is enough evidence for the case to go to trial .
PUMPED UP : Lismore BP owner is pleased to reopen following extensive flood damage repairs .
A LISMORE fuel station has opened its doors since $ 400,000 worth of damage from looters and the flood forced closure .
The BP on the corner of Conway and Dawson streets in Lismore was broken in to while the flood water was rising .
Owner Shahz Rana said the looters `` destroyed all the cabinets and pinched all the smokes '' .
The Dawson St site also lost every piece of stock , equipment , and machinery .
Every pump needed fixing , as well as the line and tanks needing testing .
`` While it was happening they also left the front door open - the water was quite high , '' Mr Rana said .
`` We ca n't salvage anything . It was quite a costly procedure . ''
Mr Rana also owns the BP near Trinity Catholic College in Lismore and said between them he would have `` easily lost up to $ 400,000 '' .
While there 's still a decent amount to do , the small business has done enough to start basic operations again .
`` Now we 've finally got enough to get it going again ( but ) we need local support , '' he said .
Keep your ears to the ground as in the next few days the BP might be running an opening special , with discounted fuel costs potentially running at cost price .
`` Hopefully people will come up and see the new shop . By Wednesday we should have more stock and everything set up . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Henrikh Mkhitaryan will not be able to wear his number 7 shirt in the Europa League this season , due to a UEFA rule .
The Armenian midfielder took the number from Alexis Sanchez , after arriving at the Emirates Stadium in a swap deal , with the Chilean also taking the number 7 shirt upon his arrival at Old Trafford .
A UEFA rule prevents clubs from registering more than one player with the same shirt number for a European competition each season .
Sanchez has already worn the number 7 shirt for Arsenal in the Europa League , meaning it technically belongs to him for the remainder of the campaign , despite the fact he 's left .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
As a result Mkhitaryan will now wear the number 77 shirt when he plays in Europe , and will revert to the number 7 when he features in the Premier League .
The bizarre rule was seen in action during Liverpool 's 2010/11 Europa League campaign , when Fernando Torres wore the No . 9 shirt in the first half of the season before moving to Chelsea in a £50m deal in January 2011 .
( Image : AMA/Getty )
Andy Carroll then took the No . 9 upon his arrival at the club from Newcastle , but was forced to wear the No . 29 during the Reds ' 1-0 aggregate defeat to Braga in the round of 16 .
Mkhitaryan could make a European appearance for Arsenal when they face Swedish side Ostersunds FK in the last 32 of the Europa League in the middle of February .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shaun Derry said that he wo n't shy away from the challenge of turning around Cambridge United 's fortunes after their 2-0 defeat to Yeovil Town .
It was a desperately disappointing result for the U 's with a lack of clinical finishing coming back to bite them again .
After dominating for best part of an hour , and having three wonderful opportunities to take the lead , they conceded from a set-piece , finished off by Nathan Smith , before Alex Fisher scored with his first touch to make it 2-0 .
And the U 's head coach , who is without a win on the road since September , said he was “ sick and tired ” of his side not making the most of their chances .
“ Goals change games and we had three fantastic opportunities to score , ” he said .
“ Two in the first half , one in the second half and we did n't take them and goals change games , it 's as simple as that .
“ It does n't really matter what you do in between both 18-yard boxes . It 's all about scoring goals and defending for your life .
“ We did n't score goals today and we did n't defend for our lives when we needed to and we ended up losing 2-0 .
“ And that 's what it 's going to say in the papers tomorrow morning and I 'm sick and tired of it .
“ I 'm sick and tired of it , I 'm sick and tired and it 's like a broken record – going in there and saying you have to take your chances , you 've got to be more ruthless in both boxes .
“ And at this moment in time we 're not . I can not wait for certain people to come back into our starting XI , I can not wait because I need more from the boys at this moment in time . ”
After a run of three games away from home , the U 's are back at The Abbey on Friday against Lincoln .
And the U 's head coach said that he was “ determined ” to take them into that game .
“ I 'll tell you what , one thing is for sure . I wo n't be shying away from the challenge , absolutely not and the boys wo n't shy away from the challenge , ” he said .
“ I am determined to take them into the next battle and that 's what my intentions are . ”
News
The fourth annual Chase the Music/Bonfils Easter blood drive is coming to Lyons on Easter Sunday , April 1 , from 9:30 a.m to 1:30 p.m . Yes it 's April Fools ' Day , but it 's no joke ! Chase the Music and Bonfils are bringing the bus to Lyons for this critical mission . Give the gift of life !
Blood has a limited shelf life and it 's critical that we keep the blood banks supplied .
This year we need forty-two donors to maximize the bus ' utilization , and to tell the world that we 're `` Lyons Hearted . '' Bonfils now takes donors as young as sixteen ! However ,
those under the age of eighteen do require a signed form from the parent . Lyons has had a number of youth participate over the years , and it 's super to report that we hear that they have become regular donors ; even as they leave town and go to college .
We will have several slots for the Power Red donations . These donations take twice the number of red blood cells , returning other components back to the donor . It only takes an extra fifteen minutes , but doubles your donation impact ! If you 're interested , please call Clark Hodge at the phone number below .
It 's important to make an appointment . To do so , please either visit the registration website - donors.bonfils.org , or call ( 303 ) 362-2300 . If you have questions about your eligibility to give , their website - bonfils.org has all the information . For all other questions , please contact Clark Hodge on ( 303 ) 859-3321 , or This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
As Colorado 's community blood center since 1943 , Bonfils ( www.bonfils.org ) proudly provides a safe and adequate blood supply for patients statewide and beyond .
Chase the Music ( chasethemusic.org ) is a Lyons based 501c3 non-profit that gives children battling critical conditions strength , hope , and joy by having original music composed and performed just for them .
May you always - Chase the Music !
The Environmental Protection Agency turned down the White House 's offer to help its administrator , Scott Pruitt , prepare for two congressional hearings later this week , the Daily Beast reported Tuesday .
The publication cited two unnamed sources familiar with Pruitt 's preparation for the Thursday hearings , which will be held before subcommittees of the House Appropriations Committee and the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
One unnamed source told the Daily Beast that the EPA 's reaction to the White House 's offer of help was , essentially , “ get lost . ”
The EPA did not immediately respond to TPM 's request for comment on the report .
TPM asked the White House about the report about whether Pruitt had the President 's confidence .
“ We refer you back to Sarah 's response regarding Administrator Pruitt at the briefing yesterday , ” assistant White House press secretary Kelly Love wrote in response to TPM 's request for comment . “ Nothing further to add . ”
On Monday , reporters asked Sanders about the multiple scandals currently facing Pruitt , from handing close advisers five-figure raises using a loophole in administrative law to renting a dirt-cheap townhouse from a lobbyist power couple whose clients had business before the EPA .
Sanders said the White House was “ continuing to review ” and “ monitoring ” the various reports on Pruitt 's alleged misconduct .
A waterfall of damaging scandals in recent months has marred the administrator 's reputation as a fierce deregulator dutifully carrying out the White House 's policy goals .
Bloomberg reported Tuesday that the White House had told congressional Republicans to soften their defenses of Pruitt , one sign that the administrator 's future is uncertain .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Huge flames and black smoke have brought traffic to a standstill after a lorry blaze at junction 17 of the M25 .
It is not immediately clear what caused the fire , which has caused major disruption .
Traffic is being diverted via the exit and entry slips following the accident on the anticlockwise side , in which a lorry left the carriageway and caught fire . The main carriageway has been closed due to the accident .
The sections of the roundabout directly beneath the motorway have been closed and some traffic remains trapped .
Highways England tweeted : `` Traffic remains diverted up and over the M25 J17 Heronsgate A405 in both directions due to an HGV fire .
`` We are working to get traffic within the closures cleared as soon as we can - please follow instruction from police . ''
—Photo courtesy : Yahoo
NEW YORK : An explosion rocked the area near the Port Authority bus terminal in Manhattan on Monday , police said .
The only person injured is a man detained in connection with the blast , police said on Twitter .
They said subway trains were ordered to bypass that bustling part of New York .
Early media reports said the blast came from a pipe bomb .
President Donald Trump was briefed on the explosion , White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders wrote on Twitter .
A truck attack in lower Manhattan on Halloween killed eight people . It was the first deadly terror attack in New York since the September 11 suicide airliner attacks.—AFP
He will sign with the Pirates , and pass on playing at K-State next season .
He will sign with the Pirates , and pass on playing at K-State next season .
The last students from the spring semester had just packed up and moved out of Pittsburg State University 's residence halls when the hall staff began preparing the buildings for the thousands of new residents -- high school students who come to PSU to participate in a variety of athletic camps every June and July . This year , volleyball , baseball , softball , track and field , men 's and women 's basketball , and football will all hold camps for individual players , teams , ...
The last students from the spring semester had just packed up and moved out of Pittsburg State University 's residence halls when the hall staff began preparing the buildings for the thousands of new residents -- high school students who come to PSU to participate in a variety of athletic camps every June and July . This year , volleyball , baseball , softball , track and field , men 's and women 's basketball , and football will all hold camps for individual players , teams , ...
The Fort Scott Community College Volleyball Program will host several camps this summer to help students who wish to develop or enhance fundamental volleyball skills . The camps will be held at Arnold Arena , 2108 South Horton , Fort Scott , Kansas . Kids ' All Skills Training Camp The Kids ' All Skills Training Camp , open to students grades 3 – 6 , will be held from 9:30 am – 12:00 pm on Tuesday , June 20 . Emphasis will be placed on form and movement training for pas ...
The Fort Scott Community College Volleyball Program will host several camps this summer to help students who wish to develop or enhance fundamental volleyball skills . The camps will be held at Arnold Arena , 2108 South Horton , Fort Scott , Kansas . Kids ' All Skills Training Camp The Kids ' All Skills Training Camp , open to students grades 3 – 6 , will be held from 9:30 am – 12:00 pm on Tuesday , June 20 . Emphasis will be placed on form and movement training for pas ...
The purpose of this camp is to focus on the basic fundamentals of Baseball . Catching , throwing , running , hitting and pitching . Players should bring their own equipment , drinks will be provided for the campers . Dates : June 5th , 6th , & 7th
More > >
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America 's car and light truck fleet .
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025 .
`` We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards , consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations , '' EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday . The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes .
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s . During the Obama administration , the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies . The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles .
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough , especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles . Earlier this year , the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent .
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards . With the announcement , Mitch Bainwol , president and CEO of the Auto Alliance , a group of auto manufacturers , says , `` the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards . ''
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move . `` By reopening the midterm evaluation , EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered , '' said Consumers Union , the policy arm of Consumer Reports .
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer 's Union says her organization 's studies show people want to save money on gas . According to a recent survey , 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency . Baker-Branstetter says adds `` In fact , consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they 've been gravitating toward in recent years . ''
`` What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear '' , says Stephanie Brinley , senior automotive analyst , IHS Markit . The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination , specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior , she says .
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes .
`` Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive , '' Brinley says .
Even if the U.S. scales back , she says , the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries . Already this year , several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades . Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Henderson will try to persuade Philippe Coutinho to turn his back on Barcelona because every Liverpool player “ wants him to stay ” .
Liverpool will have to play their crucial Champions League showdown with Hoffenheim in the play-off for Europe 's biggest prize without the injured Brazilian , who has submitted a transfer request .
But Henderson says that wo n't affect the Reds tonight or stop the Kop skipper from trying to talk round his teammate .
Henderson said : “ It 's a difficult situation for Phil and whatever I say wo n't help matters - but we want Phil to stay because he 's a world class player .
“ Ask anybody in the team and they want him to stay .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty )
( Image : Liverpool FC )
“ As players , when windows are open , things like this happen . Players come and go . You 've got to except things like this and focus on what 's important .
“ I do n't think I can influence the situation if I 'm totally honest with you . That 's down to Phil and the club .
“ But at the same time I 'm good friends with Phil and I have a lot of respect for him . Of course I 'm going to talk to him but those conversations will remain private . ”
( Image : Liverpool FC )
( Image : AFP/Getty Images )
( Image : AFP/Getty Images )
Henderson is far more concerned by what is a daunting straight knock out with a tough Hoffenheim side for a place in the Champions League proper .
And he insisted nothing will knock his team-mates out of their stride , not even Barcelona 's pursuit of their best player .
“ The focus wo n't be affected at all , I can tell you that now . The most important thing is tomorrow , ” he bluntly stated .
“ For us the biggest focus is Hoffenheim . We 'll stay together and make sure we take a good result back .
“ I feel as though we 've got a great group of players . It 's a great opportunity for us and one we look forward to - we 've got to take the opportunity . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped down from daily operations at his restaurant company after allegations of sexual misconduct . NPR 's Kelly McEvers speaks with Amanda Kludt , Editor-in-Chief of the online publication Eater , which broke the story .
Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Food Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Audio will be available later today . Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped down from daily operations at his restaurant company after allegations of sexual misconduct . NPR 's Kelly McEvers speaks with Amanda Kludt , Editor-in-Chief of the online publication Eater , which broke the story . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Donald Trump will sign , later on Monday , a memorandum directing his administration to probe whether any Chinese laws , policies or practices discriminate against or harm US innovators and technology companies . Photo : AP
Beijing : China warned on Monday that nobody would win in a “ trade war ” with the US as President Donald Trump prepared to launch an investigation into Chinese intellectual property practices .
Trump was due on Monday to sign a memorandum directing US trade representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether any Chinese laws , policies or practices discriminate against or harm US innovators and technology companies .
The investigation could lead to sanctions against Beijing .
Asked about the US move , foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said any member of the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) must respect WTO rules .
“ Fighting a trade war has no future . There will be no winner and everybody will lose , ” Hua said at a regular news briefing .
“ I believe China and the US should continue to work together for the stable and sound development of China-US economic and trade relations , ” she said .
US officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , bluntly accused China on Saturday of “ stealing our intellectual property ” —long a concern of Western companies seeking a share of the enormous Chinese market .
The looming investigation follows high tensions between Washington and Beijing . Trump has accused China of failing to rein in the nuclear ambitions of its ally North Korea .
The US officials , however , said the North Korean issue and the investigation into China 's trade practices are not linked .
China on Monday announced that it would ban from Tuesday imports of iron , iron ore and seafood from North Korea as it follows through on new United Nations sanctions approved in early August .
“ I want to say that China-US cooperation should be based on mutual respect and mutual trust , ” Hua said .
“ The Korean peninsula nuclear issue and the China-US trade issue are totally different and it 's not appropriate to use one issue as a tool to keep pressure on the other issue . ”
Derbyshire has one of the highest rates of carbon dioxide per person , according to research .
With 8.6 tonnes of the toxic gas to each of its 1,036,600 inhabitants , the county came sixth on a list of top CO2 emissions compiled by the Department of Business , Energy and Industrial Strategy .
Vehicle finance provider Moneybarn released the statistic in light of new pollution taxes which are being implemented this month .
Simon Bayley , sales and marketing director of Moneybarn , commented : “ The development of sustainable , energy efficient transport networks in the UK will be a huge step towards reducing emissions . ”
Rutland came top of the list of air polluters , with 27.50 tonnes of CO2 per person . Northumberland came last with -7 tonnes per person - a figure which is put down to the fact that a large industrial power station was converted from generating electricity for its own use to exporting electricity to national grid users . The county also benefits from several large wind farms , both on and offshore .
Mr Bayley continued : “ Although our analysis has shown that the spread of innovation remains mixed , there are signs in regions such as Greater London , Manchester and the West Midlands that effective strategies are being introduced and making a positive impact . ”
The analysis also unveiled an imbalance across the UK . For example , North Yorkshire and Lincolnshire , both with populations over a million , produce over three times the emissions of larger counties such as West Midlands and Greater Manchester .
Surprisingly , Cornwall was the fourth highest emitting county , perhaps due to having fewer green transport initiatives in more built-up areas . Transportation contributes to 27 per cent of Cornwall 's total emissions .
Date Taken : 04.24.2018 Date Posted : 04.24.2018 15:01 Category : Newscasts Audio ID : 51847 Filename : 1804/DOD_105554893.mp3 Length : 00:00:59 Year 2018 Genre Blues Location : US
Web Views : 2 Downloads : 0 High-Res . Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 15
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work , Air Force Radio News 24 April 2018 A , by SSgt Nicholas Koetz , identified by DVIDS , must comply with the restrictions shown on https : //www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright .
`` In typical BBC style John Tulsa spun the true subversive political objectives as 'assistance in transition i.e . help for vulnerable people . '' The reality is that the BBC Marshall Plan of the Mind was the opposite . A vast , dangerous and subversive media propaganda exercise to break up and reframe nation states into a new British and BBC designed model , whether they wanted it or not . ''
`` Analysis of the 30 September 2013 BBC Panorama documentary 'Saving Syria 's Children ' and related BBC News reports , contending that sequences filmed by BBC personnel and others at Atareb Hospital , Aleppo on 26 August 2013 purporting to show the aftermath of an incendiary bomb attack on a nearby school are largely , if not entirely , staged . ''
The 'Truths ' to be Capitalised Upon
`` ( The UK Government ) simply can not operate aid projects like that with so little scrutiny or accountability ''
`` Chemical weapons scientists at Porton Down , in the United Kingdom , have analysed samples obtained from Khan Shaykun , and these have tested positive for the nerve agent sarin , or a sarin-like substance . The United Kingdom therefore shares the US assessment that it is highly likely that the regime was responsible for a sarin attack on Khan Shaykun on the 4th of April . ''
`` The money of British tax payers is being spent very poorly , it is unfortunately strengthening the extremists and Islamic groups , currently in control of the majority of `` opposition '' areas ''
The Conflict Stability and Security Fund in Detail
`` International law is indifferent to the perceived legitimacy of the state and to the form of government ; both democracies and authoritarian regimes have the right to fight insurgencies and to defend themselves from external powers which aid the insurgents . Either way , it falls under the domestic jurisdiction of the state . Foreign powers are prohibited from assisting insurgents . General Assembly resolution 2131 ( XX ) declares that `` no State shall organize , assist , foment , finance , incite or tolerate subversive , terrorist or armed activities directed towards the violent overthrow of the regime of another State , or interfere in civil strife in another State . '' This was reaffirmed by the International Court of Justice in Nicaragua v. USA . The injured state is even entitled to adopt countermeasures against the intervening state . '' ~ Amal Saad .
`` It is the responsibility of your government to ensure robust scrutiny and transparency processes are in place to prevent such grotesque abuses of UK aid money .
`` Given the humanitarian crisis in Syria , with millions of Syrians internally displaced and millions of Syrian refugees in neighbouring countries , it is a real concern that your government has appeared to use aid funding to support sectarian division rather than humanitarian need . ''
ELLIOT LAKE , Ont . — Provincial police say three people are facing charges after an argument over a dog that got off its leash in a park ended with three women being assaulted .
It 's alleged the women were walking their dog in an Elliot Lake , Ont. , park late Monday afternoon when it got off its leash .
Investigators say this upset another group of people in the park , each group taking pictures of the other group 's actions — and a verbal altercation ensued .
Police say the altercation ended when the women were allegedly assaulted by three people in the other group .
Icarus
the answer is
not the history
of flight but
a question of
wings a notion
born of desperation
and fright each
quill ruffled by
the delicate tongue
of air can
only reflect this
fortune a dream
but never a
tragedy the gift
of gravity 's denial
Written probably in 1985 or 1986 , this is the first poem I titled “ Icarus. ” It 's fun to unearth these old pieces .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
By The Associated Press
Sporting Kansas City has traded midfielder Kevin Oliveira and defender Tyler Pasher to Atlanta United FC for forward Kenwyne Jones and goalkeeper Alexander Tambakis .
Sporting KC also sent its second-round pick in next year 's draft to Atlanta while getting back that club 's fourth-round selection in the 2021 draft .
The deal was struck Sunday during Major League Soccer 's half-day trade window .
The 21-year-old Oliveira and the 25-year-old Pasher were developmental players who spent most of last season with Swope Park Rangers , the USL affiliate of Sporting KC . Jones is a longtime Trinidad and Tobago national team member while Tambakis was the first signing in Atlanta United history .
In other moves :
— FC Dallas traded 24-year-old defender Walker Zimmerman to Major League Soccer expansion club Los Angeles Football Club in exchange for $ 500,000 in allocation money and the No . 1 position in the MLS Allocation Ranking .
Zimmerman appeared in 52 games over the past two seasons , scoring five goals . He was Dallas ' leader in minutes on the 2016 team that won the Supporters ' Shield .
Zimmerman debuted with the U.S. national team earlier this year .
LAFC also received FC Dallas ' No . 11 ranking in the MLS Allocation Ranking . And in another deal , it acquired an international player slot for next season from Atlanta United for a fourth-round draft pick .
— The Portland Timbers traded 27-year-old forward Darren Mattocks to D.C. United for a 2018 international roster slot .
— New York City FC traded 32-year-old defender Frederic Brilliant to D.C. United for $ 75,000 in general allocation money and a 2018 international roster spot .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
From strippers to journalists , there have certainly been some interesting housemates in Celebrity Big Brother over the years .
However , Channel 5 bosses have secured their first-ever psychic medium in the form of Derek Acorah .
But who exactly is he ? Here is everything you need to know about the spooky star ...
Who is Derek Acorah ?
Born on 27 January 1950 in Liverpool , Derek Francis Johnson started working on TV in the 1990s .
A self-proclaimed spiritual medium , he would claim to communicate with the deceased on daytime chat shows .
( Image : PA )
Diversity star Robert Anker moved to Canada to marry love of his life just months before he was killed in horror crash
He still lives in Merseyside with his wife , Gwen , whom he married in 1995 .
Why is he famous ?
Although Derek was a relatively regular face on television in the 1990s , he hit the big time when he joined Yvette Fielding on smash-hit paranormal show Most Haunted in 2001 .
The programme 's resident psychic , his most memorable moment was when he declared that a fame ghost , called Mary , `` loves Dick '' - her late husband from the physical world .
( Image : Facebook )
From then on he became something of a cult figure , but , sadly , their working relationship died a death when Derek was accused of fabricating his readings .
Specifically , he claimed to have been possessed by the spirit of a ghoul called the Kreed Kafer - which is actually an anagram of Derek Faker .
He dropped from the show in 2005 .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Living )
Brand-new Celebrity Big Brother trailer gives fans first glimpse of celebs taking part
What else has he been in ?
Since then he 's continued to tour the UK and still works in broadcasting , occasionally .
In fact , he now fronts a programme called Derek Acorah 's Ghost Towns and a second called Paranormal Egypt , which follows a similar format to Most Haunted .
His CV also includes a cameo appearance in Doctor Who is a episode Army of Ghosts , Bo Selecta and Celebrity juice .
Has he ever been controversial ?
CBB contestants 2017
Oh yes .
In May 2012 , just a few years after the alleged Most Haunted fraud , he claimed to have received a psychic message from missing youngster Madeleine McCann .
Specifically , he told her worried parents via The Sun newspaper that she had died several months earlier and would have seen be reincarnated as a different person .
After widespread media outrage , Acorah published an apology to McCann 's parents .
Sexuality , Mortality , Failure — 'My Ex-Life ' Has Fun Asking Big Questions
My Ex-Life by Stephen McCauley Hardcover , 324 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
I did n't know how much I needed a laugh until I began reading Stephen McCauley 's new novel , My Ex-Life . This is the kind of witty , sparkling , sharp novel for which the verb `` chortle '' was invented .
I found myself `` chortling '' out loud at so many scenes , I even took screenshots of certain pages and started texting them to friends . Some of those friends texted back , `` Love this ! '' or , `` Send more , quick ! '' To which I replied , `` Support the arts ! Buy the book ! ''
Let 's leave the transcript of my text conversations there . The point is , My Ex-Life is a smart comedy of manners about McCauley 's signature subject : namely , the disconnect between erotic desire and intimacy and the screwball paths that people take on the way to finally arriving home .
As he did in his 1987 debut novel , The Object of My Affection , which was made into a movie with Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd , McCauley focuses his story on two main characters — a man and a woman , soulmates who do n't `` click '' sexually .
Julie Fiske has now entered that phase of life where , we 're told , her face had acquired that `` yesterday's-dessert '' look common to the late middle-aged . Julie 's husband has recently left her , and her teenage daughter , Mandy , suffers from a lack of affect and ambition .
Determined to raise enough money to buy her ex 's half of the charming , rickety Victorian house they once shared on the seacoast north of Boston , Julie has been renting out rooms on Airbnb — a source of much comedy here . Meanwhile , her ex-husband has been getting antsy about the money and their daughter 's slacker behavior . That 's where Julie 's first ex-husband — our other main character — comes in .
David Hedges lives in San Francisco and is self-employed as a pricey `` independent , full-service , college counselor , '' which means he reads a lot of college application essays — about 99 percent of which , we 're told , start off with a mention of a grandparent and/or cancer .
David 's just been dumped by his long-time lover . Back when he was young and married to Julie , David was n't quite sure of his sexuality ; when he became sure , their brief marriage ended .
Now , out of the blue , the phone rings : It 's Julie , whom David has n't talked to in almost 30 years . After an awkward catch up , she asks if David would give Mandy some guidance about the college application process . Turns out , he 's happy to do more than that .
Binge eating because of his break-up , drained from years of dealing with helicopter parents and terrified that the carriage house he rents in San Francisco is about to be sold , David decides to deal with his problems by escaping from them . He catches a flight to the East Coast and settles into Fawlty Towers for a while with Julie and Mandy .
Hilarity and mayhem ensue , but what helps make My Ex-Life so striking is McCauley 's droll precision with language . David 's insights into the college application industry are reason enough to savor this novel . Take this gem , courtesy of McCauley 's omniscient narrator :
David thought of his true mission as helping his teenaged clients gain a realistic understanding of who they were and what they could achieve in life once they stepped away from their parents ' self-aggrandizing fantasies of them . Their parents had been so insistent about instilling self-esteem , they 'd fallen into the trap of telling their kids they could do anything . Unfortunately , almost everyone interprets doing `` anything '' as doing the same three or four glamorous and impressive things — going to Harvard , retiring before ever working , giving an Oscar acceptance speech , and becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg , except hot .
I said a moment ago that McCauley 's droll way with words is the element that makes this novel special , but it 's more than that : His social satire is suffused with generosity , an awareness that most of us are destined to make colossal mistakes out of the best of motives .
By the end of this story , as Julie and David revisit their own original blunder of a marriage , McCauley summons up a conclusion that makes a profound statement about time passing and the shifting mirage of life goals . Like the best of comic fiction writers — I 'm thinking , in particular , of the immortal Laurie Colwin — McCauley draws his readers into reflecting on some of the big questions — sexuality , mortality , failure — with the lure of laughter .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A judge hearing the case of Alfie Evans has rejected the pleas of his family for the sick toddler to be flown to Italy for treatment .
But he asked doctors if `` other options '' are possible to allow his family to take the 23-month-old home after life support was withdrawn .
Alfie has been at the centre of a life-or-death treatment battle , with his parents , Tom Evans and Kate James , trying to stop his doctors at Alder Hey Children 's Hospital in Liverpool from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles .
A `` last-ditch appeal '' by the Italian ambassador and the Pope , to grant Alfie citizenship of Italy to take him for treatment at a hospital in Rome , failed on Monday .
A late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life-support , helping Alfie to breathe , to be withdrawn .
Justice Hayden said the decision was the “ final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy ” , according to a reporter for The Guardian .
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans , click here .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Internet Unknown )
( Image : Facebook )
Mr Justice Hayden , speaking to lawyers representing Alfie 's parents and Alder Hey Hospital , said : `` If there were a more constructive attitude from the family might other options become possible , away from Alder Hey ?
`` I 'm not suggesting this , I do n't want it to be taken as an indication from me .
`` One of the things Tom Evans said , if it ca n't be Italy or Munich , which it can not be , was whether they could take Alfie home . ''
( Image : Photoshot )
An Alder Hey clinician , part of the team treating Alfie overnight , told the court that the soonest he could move is between three to five days .
He also said hostility to medics makes it “ impossible ” to move him at present .
He added : `` It 's heartbreaking we 're here again arguing when all we want to do is the best for Alfie 's family ” .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Andy Stenning daily mirror )
At that point the court adjourned for an Alder Hey consultant in the courtroom to consider the matter .
Earlier on Tuesday Mr Evans claimed medics had been `` gobsmacked '' as his son continued to breathe for himself for 21 hours after medical intervention was withdrawn .
But Mr Justice Hayden cut down Paul Diamond , representing the parents , as he began the family 's appeal hearing .
Mr Diamond said : `` This really is an appeal , in our submission for common humanity and common sense ... ''
The judge interjected : `` I do n't think it 's helpful to use emotive terms . As a barrister confine yourself to the law . ''
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Mr Diamond gave a witness statement from Mr Evans , taken on Tuesday , to the court suggesting his son 's condition is `` significantly better '' than had been previously believed .
Mr Diamond said the child had been breathing unaided for 19 hours .
He continued : `` We do have a human being ... ''
Again the judge cut across him : `` I do n't need to be reminded we have a human being . You do not have the moral high ground in this court . It is treacherous terrain . ''
Alder Hey doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie .
Medics say he has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain , and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support , but his parents want to take him abroad for treatment .
All legal avenues appeared to have been exhausted for the family until a further hearing by Mr Justice Hayden was announced earlier on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester .
The hearing continues .
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States , India 's software services companies are worried . Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year , and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry .
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas : the H1-B . It 's `` a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer , '' explains Stephen Yale-Loehr , a Cornell University immigration law professor .
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy strengthening , the program is in particularly big demand . Last year , U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas , the legal cap . The bulk of the winners : Indian computer specialists , many of them graduates of U.S. universities .
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent , but that the United States does n't .
`` We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B , and it 's getting more difficult every year , '' he says .
For many H1-B holders , the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years — has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card . That grants permanent residence in the U.S. , and in turn provides a path to citizenship .
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House that could limit the H1-B program .
Executives from the software services firms will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures taking aim at one of India 's most successful industries — which last year earned 60 percent of its $ 108 billion in export revenues from the U.S .
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders , which by law is set at $ 60,000 . Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers , and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper .
Shailesh Chitnis , with the data mining and analysis company Compile , says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $ 71,000 , most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that . If they had to double salaries , Chitnis says , Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model .
`` Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $ 120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive , '' he says . `` They 'll have to look at some other alternatives . ''
But Shevendra Singh with India 's National Association of Software Services Companies , or NASSCOM , refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor . Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science , technology , engineering and math .
`` The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S. , '' Singh says .
In its 2012 report , the U.S. president 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that `` fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree . '' The council concluded that by 2022 , economic forecasts suggested a need to produce `` approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions . ''
R. Chandrashekhar , president of NASSCOM , says that if the skills are n't available in the U.S. — and companies ca n't bring workers in — the jobs either wo n't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely .
`` Talent has become more important than investment or trade , '' he says . `` And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing . ''
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley , and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States , and what makes it unique .
`` America is No . 1 , '' Chandrashekhar says . `` What has really helped them to rise , absolutely , to the top , is that they have attracted talent from across the world . ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through . ''
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr , co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law , agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge , and says it should be inviting more , not less , IT talent to its shores .
`` In a globalized economy , the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they 're unable work in the United States , or it takes too long or is too difficult , they 'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated , '' he says .
If implemented , Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct , immediate impact .
However , he says `` it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we 're all about only U.S. workers .
`` That is eventually going to hurt us . ''
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
In India , tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers . A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians , but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs . From New Delhi , NPR 's Julie McCarthy has more .
JULIE MCCARTHY , BYLINE : In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas , the H-1B is arguably the most coveted .
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR : An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer .
MCCARTHY : Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand . Last year , U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas . The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists , many graduates from U.S. universities . Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent .
YALE-LOEHR : We do n't , and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B . And it 's getting more difficult every year .
KELLY MCEVERS , HOST :
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program . The stakes are high for Indian IT firms . Using H-1Bs , they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders .
Critics say there 's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap . Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $ 71,000 , several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that . And if they had to double salaries , he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model .
SHAILESH CHITNES : These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $ 120,000 to fill those jobs . It would simply be too expensive . They 'll have to look at some other alternatives .
MCCARTHY : India 's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers . There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent , they argue , because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science , engineering and math . The president of the group representing Indian software services companies , R. Chandrashekhar , says talent has become more important than investment or trade .
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR : And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing .
MCCARTHY : Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique .
CHANDRASHEKAR : America is number one . What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world , from every corner of the world . And that 's what has made them who they are . It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through .
MCCARTHY : Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented , the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact .
YALE-LOEHR : But it sends a strong signal that we 'd no longer like foreign workers . We 're all about only U.S. workers . That is eventually going to hurt us .
MCCARTHY : Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India 's most competitive businesses . Julie McCarthy , NPR News , New Delhi . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
April marks sexual assault awareness and prevention month and the military has focused much effort on its prevention and care for victims of sexual assault . One program lauded as an innovative approach to victim support is the U.S. Navy 's Victims ' Legal Counsel Program .
Lt. Peter Dahlquist , a military lawyer with the Navy 's Judge Advocate General 's Corps , was chosen as one of the Navy 's Victims ' Legal Counsel ( VLC ) in Ventura , California to carry-on this new program . Dahlquist provides legal services to eligible victims of sexual offenses , including assistance and advocacy in the investigative and military justice processes . The VLC Program became fully operational on Jan. 1 , 2014 and now consists of 33 specially trained judge advocates in 25 fleet locations around the world .
Dahlquist started his career in private practice with Cooley LLP in San Diego where he worked in the firm 's litigation department . He joined the Navy in 2014 and completed his first two years in the Navy at the Navy Legal Services Office in Norfolk , Virginia . In July 2016 , Dahlquist was personally selected by the Judge Advocate General of the Navy to serve as a VLC .
“ The Navy is committed to protecting the rights and interests of victims of sexual assault and ensuring the administration of a fair , transparent and efficient military justice system that guarantees due process for the accused and promotes good order and discipline , ” said Vice Adm. James Crawford III , Judge Advocate General of the Navy .
The Navy implemented the VLC Program to offer a military attorney to represent and assist victims of sexual offenses . VLC assist victims with legal decisions ; represent them in military courts ; advocate on their behalf to investigators , commanders , and prosecutors ; and provide other legal advice and assistance connected to the sexual offense . VLC operate independently and are not within the chain of command of the offender , the victim or prosecutors . Since the Program 's inception , Navy VLC have assisted more than 2,780 victims around the world ( as of April 2017 ) .
“ Navy VLC are an important part of the sexual assault survivor support team . Clients appreciate having an independent legal advocate they can turn to throughout the process , ” said Dahlquist .
The VLC Program helps victims understand the investigative and military justice processes , which can sometimes become overwhelming to a victim .
“ While it is disheartening to witness the traumatic impact sexual assault , I am proud to help my clients by promoting and protecting their rights and interests , ” said Dahlquist .
Dahlquist is making an impact on the world as a Navy lawyer .
NEWS INFO Date Taken : 04.01.2017 Date Posted : 04.17.2017 13:59 Story ID : 230605 Location : US Hometown : POWAY , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Poway California native joins innovative advocacy efforts in the U.S. Navy for victims of sexual assault , by Natalie Morehouse , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Legendary Pokémon Mewtwo has finally been released inside the Pokémon Go universe , sending fans of the smartphone game into a frenzy .
Mewtwo has appeared as a Raid Boss in the Pikachu Outbreak stadium event , which is taking place in Yokohama , Japan , today .
Several people attending the 10-hour event have posted pictures of Mewtwo on their phones , and some even claim to have caught the elusive Pokémon .
Developer Niantic Labs has yet to officially announce the release of Mewtwo to the rest of the world , but there is some speculation it could arrive in the UK as early as tomorrow .
Pokémon Go players in the UK are currently trying to capture Zapdos as part of this week 's Legendary Raid .
However , when the raid ends at 01:00 BST on August 15 , it is thought that Zapdos will be swapped out for another Pokémon .
It now looks like the extremely strong psychic Pokémon Mewtwo could be the one to replace it , and become the target of the next Legendary Raid .
( Image : Pokémon Go Live )
Millions of gamers are still hooked on Pokémon Go a year after it was first launched - and the arrival of the so-called Legendary Pokémon has given the game a new lease of life .
Niantic previously hinted that Mewtwo would be available to catch , with the character appearing right at the end of the Pokémon Go Legendary Raids trailer .
Announcing the Zapdos Legendary Raid , the company also made reference to `` more legendary adventures '' to come , leading many players to speculate that Mewtwo or Ho-Oh could appear next .
Congressional Republicans Hope To Pass Tax Overhaul Bill By Dec. 25 Congressional Republicans are working to merge House and Senate versions of a GOP tax bill . They 're hoping to reach their first major legislative milestone by Christmas .
Despite vague information about when it will launch and for how much , Hulu 's upcoming live TV service is at least sure to arrive with another major broadcaster 's support .
NBCUniversal announced today that its suite of cable networks will come to Hulu 's live service , granting both live and on-demand access to channels such as NBC , Telemundo , USA , Syfy , Bravo , E ! , MSNBC , CNBC , NBCSN , and more .
According to a press release , the inclusion of NBCUniversal content brings the total number of channels available in Hulu 's live service to `` more than 50 . ''
In addition to NBCUniversal , Hulu 's take on cable-less cable has also made partnership deals with companies like A & E Networks , 21st Century Fox , The Walt Disney Company , Turner Networks and CBS Corporation .
While Hulu 's yet-to-release live television service has yet to make its formal debut , Hulu CEO Mike Hopkins continued to promise that the monthly price will stay `` under $ 40 . ''
Also unspecified is the service 's launch window , which is currently advertised as `` this Spring . '' Hopefully , this means we 'll see concrete details on what Hulu has cooking within the next month or so .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Endeavour Morse may have finally got his hard-won promotion , just do n't expect him to crack any more smiles than usual . Five series in , and the Oxford copper has perfected his hardest glare , devastating put-downs and general disinterest in enjoying all the Swinging Sixties has to offer .
In short , he 's just like the gruff TV detective he will become in the later Morse series .
The scene has shifted to 1968 and episode one sees Detective Sergeant Endeavour ( Shaun Evans ) join the dots between the murder of an Oxford don , a bare-knuckle fighter and a flame-haired exotic dancer .
( Image : ITV )
His new job means he 's no longer under the wing of DCI Fred Thursday ( Roger Allam ) . And he has his own constable to mentor , George Fancy . He gives the lad short shrift for his leery attitude to WPC Trewlove ( Dakota Blue Richards ) . He also dismissively informs him : ‘ I do n't go in for small talk . Or first names . ' ( We did n't find out the Christian name of John Thaw 's Morse until the 11th series of Morse ) .
This attitude extends to the detective 's reaction to a flirtatious working girl : ‘ Save it for your clients , I 'm immune . '
( Image : ITV )
However , Joan Thursday ( Sara Vickers ) is back , and still shaken after the events of last year , which saw Endeavour 's ill-fated proposal to his boss 's daughter .
‘ Joan Thursday is still part of the story , ' says Shaun Evans , but reveals that Endeavour may have other dalliances . ‘ There 's a little bit of action , ' reveals Shaun .
‘ Not before time , if you ask me ! '
( Image : ITV )
This series is double the usual run , at six feature-length films . This means there 's more room for running plots involving the return of Thursday 's estranged brother ( played by Phil Daniels ) , the possibility that he 'll retire and the attempt to bring down local crime boss , Eddie Nero ( Mark Arden ) .
And as ever real historical events pop up : most interestingly , the merger of Oxford City Police into Thames Valley Constabulary . Will Endeavour lose his views of Oxford University 's dreaming spires to be banished to a new divisional HQ – with computers ?
Endeavour is on Sun 8pm ITV
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Housemates can expect to hear some singing in the shower of Celebrity Big Brother 2017 - as this big star has had huge chart success .
Blonde bombshell Sarah Harding is one of the famous faces who has voluntarily locked themselves away for the summer in the CBB house .
Reports had already suggested Sarah would be headed into the CBB house after Cheryl Tweedy unfollowed her on social media as speculation of her CBB entrance mounted .
But who is Sarah Harding ? Here is everything you need to know…
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
Who is Sarah Harding and where is she from ?
Sarah Harding is a British singer and actress born on 17 November 1981 in Ascot , England .
The star was raised in Surrey and Manchester and had a musician father - but initially studied hair and beauty .
Before fame , she reportedly worked as a waitress at Pizza Hut and was a club promoter .
Why is Sarah Harding famous ?
Sarah shot to fame in 2002 when she auditioned to be part of a girl band as part of ITV 's reality talent show Pop Stars : The Rivals .
As part of the competition , Sarah won a place in the band alongside Cheryl Tweedy , Nadine Coyle , Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh .
( Image : PA )
The group went on to release five albums ( including 2008 's chart topping Out of Control ) and 21 Top 10 singles ( one more landed at Number 11 ) including chart topping tunes Sound of the Underground , I 'll Stand By You , Walk This Way ( with Sugababes ) and The Promise .
What has Sarah Harding done apart from sing with Girls Aloud ?
Away from ruling the music charts , Sarah has had a babble in acting both on screen and on stage .
In 2007 she had a small role in big screen comedy St. Trinian 's - before retuning with a bigger role in 2009 sequel St Trinian 's 2 : The Legend of Fritton 's Gold .
( Image : ITV )
She also appeared on Coronation Street in 2015 - and last year she featured in a critically mauled stage adaptation of Ghost .
Is Sarah Harding married ?
Sarah Harding is not married - but was engaged to DJ Tom Crane in 2011 before they split in the same year having been together since 2007 .
In the past she has also dated fellow Popstars singer Mikey Green and has been linked to Hollywood star Stephen Dorf and Calum Best .
Tata Motors recently launched compact SUV Nexon . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : Tata Motors on Monday said it will increase prices of its passenger vehicles by up to Rs25,000 from January to offset the impact of rising input costs . “ The changing market conditions , rising input costs and various external economic factors have compelled us to consider the price increase , ” Mayank Pareek , president , passenger vehicle business , Tata Motors said in a statement .
The introductory prices of the recently launched compact SUV Nexon will be ending by 31 December and this entire range will also witness a price hike from January 2018 by up to Rs25,000 , the company said .
Various automakers like Toyota Kirloskar Motor , Honda Cars India , Skoda and Isuzu have already announced their decision to hike prices from January next year .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Roberto Firmino very nearly opened the scoring for Liverpool in their Champions league semi-final clash with Roma - despite being offside .
And no , before you begin , the assistant referee did n't overlook the fact the Brazilian had mistimed his run and strayed into an offside position .
Instead , the linesman lost the flag from his , well , his flag . This meant he could only hold a little black stick aloft , which looked like a wand , as many pointed out on social media .
Fortunately Firmino fired wide as the assistant referee attempted to flag furiously , and the match official read the situation , to relieve some of the confusion .
( Image : BT Sport )
( Image : BT Sport )
Well can you imagine the linesman trying to explain the situation inside a packed Anfield after apparently failing to flag Firmino offside if he had scored ?
BT Sport cameras kept an eye on the situation as the linesman tried and failed and tried some more to fix his flag .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : BT Sport )
( Image : REUTERS )
Eventually the assistant referee received some assistance of his own , and a member of stadium staff came to the rescue .
But he could n't fix the flag either ... what a disaster . Eventually the linesman was handed a brand-new flag . What a stressful shift for the poor chap , eh ?
IPTV is gaining in popularity and offers ample opportunities for additional revenue generation depending on the IPTV application TV service providers use and the app developer . Ecosmob , with its expertise in IP technologies and association with IPTV , is perfectly positioned to offer IPTV app development services .
Ecosmob , a global technology leader in IP technologies , announced the launch of IPTV application development services for TV service providers . TV services can reach out to more people and generate more revenues .
The suite of services from Ecosmob includes IPTV software development , IPTV app development , IPTV game development , middleware , application integration , maintenance and support . Given their expertise , teams of IPTV developers at Ecosmob can integrate various modules into a flawlessly performing solution that will enhance reputation of TV service providers . Besides , customers also have a happy user experience . Ecosmob has proven expertise since it has already delivered outstanding solutions to various TV services and helped them enhance revenue streams .
Ecosmob IPTV software is an end-to-end solution that takes care of source digitization of live streams delivered as multicast streams , video on demand with an appropriate delivery and payment method , interactive portals and a scalable content delivery network with smart incorporation of media protocols that give a highly satisfactory user experience . The user side interface offers a seamless customer experience through an intuitive menu system . IPTV can be delivered on any device like smart TV or desktop or to mobiles through apps . Digital rights management ( DRM ) is also factored into the IPTV development process . The process itself is aligned to suit existing networks and infrastructure of the TV service operator with facility for future upgrades .
However , Ecosmob , said the company 's VP , goes beyond the technical aspects . Ecosmob extended IPTV services extend to planning and consulting on IPTV strategy . Ecosmob IPTV related services include guidance on system deployment and integration , defining architecture , third party integration , creation of electronic program guide , billing system , operational model development , vendor selection and value added services . Ecosmob involvement helps TV services generate additional revenue streams through TV subscription , video on demand , advertising and interactive services as well as gaming platforms . Superior technology and ease of use will surely help TV services retain customers and reduce churn .
If TV services are planning to launch IP TV services then Ecosmob can be their perfect partner for IPTV implementations that give the same , if not better experience as traditional cable or satellite TV . Ecosmob checks and field tests its solutions to ensure that the first impression is the best impression .
Interested TV services may contact Ecosmob by phone on 91 79 40054019 , 1-303-997-3139 or via email sales @ ecosmob.com or via website https : //www.ecosmob.com
An image of a morale painting designed , funded and created by members of a New Jersey Air National Guard propulsion element at the engine test cell facility , also known as the `` Hush House ” , located at the 177th Fighter Wing , Atlantic City Air National Guard Base , N.J. , on Jan. 31 , 2017 . The engine shop personnel wanted to create a feeling of Esprit de Corps and a reminder of just how amazing it is to work on such a complex and important military machine . The General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan , prepped and ready for testing , produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner , which can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound . ( U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt . Andrew J. Moseley/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.31.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID : 3165530 VIRIN : 170131-Z-YH452-012 Resolution : 2938x1961 Size : 3.55 MB Location : EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP , NJ , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Air National Guard unit 's propulsion element creates powerful Esprit de Corps [ Image 1 of 9 ] , by MSgt Andrew Moseley , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Partly , it is a jihad against the Little House on the Prairie books themselves , which are popularly understood as paeans to old-fashioned Protestant virtues and the westward expansion of the United States , two things that give progressives the screeching heebie-jeebies . Partly , it is a jihad against Rose Wilder Lane , the daughter of Laura Ingalls Wilder , a well-known writer in her day whose silent role in the Little House books was something between editor and author . Lane , who still enjoys a following among libertarians with literary interests , was a trenchant ( and cranky ) critic of the New Deal who protested Social Security and war rationing , denounced Franklin Roosevelt as a dictator , and wrote as a fierce anti-Communist , having seen the ghastly results of that philosophy up close when reporting from the Soviet Union .
Two streams of conservatism , she argues-not in themselves inherently compatible-converge in the series . One is Lane 's libertarianism , and the other is Wilder 's image of a poster family for Republican `` value voters '' : a devoted couple of Christian patriots and their unspoiled children ; the father a heroic provider and benign disciplinarian , the mother a pious homemaker and an example of feminine self-sacrifice . ( In that respect , Rose considered herself an abject failure . `` My life has been arid and sterile , '' she wrote , `` because I have been a human being instead of a woman . '' ) Fellman concludes , `` The popularity of the Little House books . . . helped create a constituency for politicians like Reagan who sought to unsettle the so-called liberal consensus established by New Deal politics . ''
Every year , thousands upon thousands of people arrive in De Smet , South Dakota in minivans filled with sweaty and excited children . They are here to see a small , nondescript white frame house with a sign in front of it that explains why everyone is here : Ingalls Home & Museum : The House that Pa Built in 1887 . My brother and I spent an afternoon exploring there in 2011 , driving out to the ancient graveyard on the edge of town where a shiny new sign points the way to the Ingalls grave sites . The little town was full of people , there to pay pilgrimage to America 's most beloved pioneer family , who had in so many ways come to symbolize for so many all that was good and true about the United States itself.But of course , in the America of 2018 , we can celebrate the vilest forms of entertainment and hand out Oscars for perverse and sex-soaked storytelling that makes a mockery of everything America once was , but Laura Ingalls Wilder is simply too offensive . This week , the Association for Library Services decided to strip her name from a prestigious award for authors of children 's literature ( a genre which Wilder can be given significant credit for developing . ) Her crime ? Insufficiently predicting the complexities of 21century race relations , and thus writing things perceived as insensitive to Native Americans and blacks-although Wilder herself rebuked racism and assured her critics that none was intended in her books , and her stories portray these characters very positively.This decision is stupid for a wide range of reasons , and sadly indicative of the cultural milieu for others . Wilder 's books-my entire family read and reread them , from my grandparents to my little sister-are an invaluable way of teaching both history and literature , for starters . They open a window into another world , and that Wilder 's simple storytelling has captured the imagination of so many people indicates that there are yet elements of the life she describes that draws people in . That , says commentator Kevin Williamson , may be one of the reasons that many of the elites despise her books in the first place : Worse , one professor noted , the self-sufficiency that throbs from virtually every page of the Little House books may have actually had something of a political impact , considering the fact that more than sixty million copies of the books have been sold . The sheer usefulness of the pioneer people that populate the pages of Wilder 's memoirs is a rebuke to a generation that finds many such concepts utterly foreign . In a paper titled `` Little House , Long Shadow , '' Dr. Anita Clair Fellman of Old Dominion University argues that Wilder 's books actually outline something of an ideology that man found themselves attracted to : I 've long wondered about the enduring modern popularity of Wilder 's books , considering the fact that much of what Wilder describes is no longer recognizable not simply because a century has passed , but because many of the values that informed the lives of the settlers now simply do not exist . How many modern readers can actually understand the rigid observance of the Sabbath day that Wilder describes so vividly in Little House in the Big Woods and Farmer Boy , where one day was set aside for church and quiet reflection on the Bible ? How many of them still understand biblical references at all , for that matter ? Things that were simply part of the collective cultural consciousness a few decades ago now seem to be ancient history.It is not particularly surprising , when all things are considered , that Wilder 's beautiful books are falling out of favor with the cultural elites . After all , much of what she tries to convey in her books is out of fashion : Basic virtue , Christianity , self-sufficiency , suspicion of government , and the beauty of family life.I suspect that Wilder 's readers will dismiss this latest slander as the feeble ridiculousness that it is-and that this award , whatever it is called now , will be forgotten long before she is .
ARIES
Singles , it 's possible that developing a crush on someone is in you future but your confidence is at an all-time low right now . You could miss out on the love of your life because you 're too busy being hard on yourself . For couples , it 's not perfect between you two in the relationship but try to see the glass as half-full and not half-empty . Professionally , you 're so close to signing an important contract that you have to remain vigilant at work this week .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
TAURUS
You 're more concerned about making friends this week than with trying to forge a romantic connection . It 's possible that you 're so upset about being lonely that you 're too afraid to look for love . For those already in relationships , the bond between you two has the potential to thrive if you put more in more effort with your partner . Do n't forget to stand up for yourself at work this week . You need to be upfront with your views .
GEMINI
Everything is going well for you this week and you have such a full social calendar that it 's hard for you to say no to any party invitations or outings . The most important thing is to have fun and hopefully someone special will catch your eye . As for those with partners , a spring vacation will give you plenty of opportunities to please your other half . For work this week , you 've been really dialing down when it comes to putting effort into your career . Apply yourself more and more prospects will be in your future !
CANCER
Singles are n't having a great time this week . You 're still attracted to all of the wrong people who are bad for you and are still making the same mistakes . Re-assess your attitude and go for someone who treats you the way you deserve to be treated ! For couples , you 've let too many emotions between you two result in you becoming too immersed in the relationship . There needs to be more breathing room between you and your partner . Professionally , you need to play it cool this week or else you might develop a bad reputation with your co-workers !
LEO
You have more wind in your sails when it comes to socializing and no one can resist your charm ! As soon as you decide who you want , you 'll be able to launch a new relationship . As for those already with partners , it 's not possible to keep the same spark you had when you two first met , but be sure to prioritize your significant other and plan your lives together . You 're also catering to the whims of your boss at work this week . It 's good to respect authority but do n't hesitate to also stand up for yourself .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
VIRGO
Singles are craving love and emotional stability so much that they 're willing to go to any lengths to find a soul mate . It 's not up to you to force destiny and finding true love . As for couples , do n't put everything on the table for your partner but a little communication never hurt in a relationship . Professionally , you feel frustrated at work this week because all your co-workers want to talk about finance , budgets , and productivity but you really want to discuss new creative ideas .
LIBRA
After you learn that a couple close to you has broken up , you 've begun to lose hope when it comes to finding true love . You 've grown cynical and thought maybe love is too complicated to work out , but do n't let that impact your attitude too long ! You might push away someone worth pursuing . For couples , you feel sorry that you have friends around you that are unhappy and you 're doing the best you can to bolster your friendships , along with staying attentive to your partner . You 'll also feel motivated and driven at work this week .
SCOPRIO
You 've been flirting a lot at the office and it 's convenient , but is it really the wisest decision for you ? It probably wo n't be that productive , especially if the flirting does n't really lead anywhere ! As for those in relationships , communicate your true values and beliefs with your significant other . You 'll end up having a better connection in the long run . When it comes to money and your career this week , do n't stop pushing yourself to earn even more .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SAGITTARIUS
There 's no competing with you . Nothing will stop you from flirting with anyone who catches your eye and you 'll even make a few new friends out of it ! For couples , you 're feeling passionate , yet calm in your relationship and there 's nothing but joy between you two . At work this week , do n't take the contracts that have been promised to you for granted . Wait until the ink is dry on the paper before you start celebrating a new promotion or raise !
CAPRICORN
It 's important that you remain strong and logical this week . You have a lot of regret when it comes to your former lovers and romantic life , but looking to the past is n't the solution ! Bet on the future and the love that awaits you . For those already with partners , you 'll have some problem communicating with your lover this week and feel frustrated because your other half does n't really listen to you . Do n't be discouraged and remember to forgive small issues when they come up ! Professionally , you 're expecting a lot of progress when it comes to your career but the most you can do is put in as much effort as you possibly can .
AQUARIUS
Singles are making great connections right now and the only problem is that you are n't sure if anyone is open to a real relationship . Do n't put all of your heart into one person just yet . For those already in relationships , you want to communicate with your partner as much as possible and the feeling is mutual , but the problem is that he or she always feels overwhelmed . Career-wise , even though you may have everything going for you at work , it 's up to you to put in extra hours at the office in order to truly succeed at your job .
PISCES
You 've met someone who you really do n't want to let go and you 're willing to go up against any other competing suitors ! You 're not someone who 's willing to give up once you know what you want . For couples , stop playing games with your partner and aiming to win every argument . Prioritize the relationship over your own selfish needs or else there is no winner in this situation . There 's also some conflict for at the office this week , but it 's not a big enough problem that it 'll impact you negatively . Keep working hard and it 'll all soon pass !
After Harvey , One Group Is Hoping Giving Away Cash Will Help Houstonians Rebuild Give Directly is a group trying an approach to rebuild Houston modeled from anti-poverty work in Africa . Just give away cash , no strings attached — but there 's hopeful logic behind the method .
Qualcomm has revealed a new artificial intelligence ( AI ) engine as part of a wave of MWC 2018 announcements today . While the engine is more of a background player , you 'll likely see improvements on your mobile device wherever the engine is implemented .
The Qualcomm AI Engine is n't made up of new parts , Gary Brotman , Qualcomm 's director of product management , said in a briefing . Rather , the engine itself is the new arrival . It brings together different hardware and software components to enable faster AI user experiences through on-device processing .
The various parts now occupying one roof include hardware architectures , like the Adreno GPU , software components , such as the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine and Android Neural Networks API , and frameworks , like TensorFlow and TensorFlow Lite .
To support the new AI Engine , devices will need to house a Snapdragon 845 , 835 , 820 or 660 chipsets . No devices with the Snapdragon 845 are official yet , but the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will be some of the first arrivals next week . The chip should also make its way to some of the year 's best Android phones .
Qualcomm notes that many of the manufacturers that already support parts of the new AI Engine , which include names like OnePlus and Motorola , are on board to utilize the full thing on future flagship devices running Snapdragon .
Make it snappy
From a user standpoint , the new engine is said to cut down on the time it takes to do certain tasks on your phone , such as zeroing in on a subject when taking a photo . What 's more , battery life does n't suffer as much in the process .
Voice and natural language processing are other areas billed as having reduced latency . Conversation is more natural with on-device processing , Brotman said , and gone is the lag that creates the sensation of talking to a robot .
Brotman put the improvements expected with the new AI Engine like this : `` Anything to do with the time that it takes perform a specific task and the accuracy of the task are two key areas where the experience will improve for users . ''
BURLINGTON , Vt. ( AP ) — Several states around the country on Saturday asked cybersecurity experts to re-examine state and utility networks after a Vermont utility 's laptop was found to contain malware U.S. officials say is linked to Russian hackers .
The Burlington Electric Department , one of Vermont 's two largest electric utilities , confirmed Friday it had found on one of its laptops the malware code used in Grizzly Steppe , the name the U.S. government has given to malicious cyber activity by Russian civilian and military intelligence services .
A Burlington Electric Department spokesman said federal officials have told company officials the threat was not unique to them .
The Department of Homeland Security said it had no information indicating the power grid was penetrated in the cyber operation . A spokesman would n't say whether any other utilities , organizations or entities had reported similar malware on their systems but said any such information would be confidential .
Officials in New York , Rhode Island , Massachusetts and Connecticut said they 're more closely monitoring state and utility networks for anything suspicious .
“ We have not detected any activity matching the reported malware at this time , ” Connecticut governor 's office spokesman Chris Collibee said .
New Jersey 's homeland security director said the state had no reports of malicious activity associated with Grizzly Steppe at major utility systems .
In New York , Democratic Gov . Andrew Cuomo directed all state agencies to re-examine their computer systems for security breaches . Nothing had been found .
An attack on a U.S. power grid has long been a nightmare scenario for top U.S. officials . The National Security Agency and U.S. Cyber Command chief Adm. Michael Rogers have previously warned it 's not a matter of if when attackers target U.S. power systems .
On Dec. 23 , 2015 , a highly sophisticated cyberattack on the power grid in Ukraine hit three regional electronic power distribution companies , blacking out more than 225,000 customers .
Democratic Vermont Gov . Peter Shumlin said his administration has been in touch with the federal government and the state 's utilities . He said people should be “ alarmed and outraged ” that Russia “ has been attempting to hack our electric grid , which we rely upon to support our quality-of-life , economy , health and safety . ”
Burlington Electric noted it was n't connected to the grid system and did n't explain how the malware got onto the computer .
The company said U.S. government authorities alerted American utilities about the malware code Thursday in a report released when Democratic President Barack Obama announced the U.S. response to election hacking . Obama ordered sanctions on Russian intelligence agencies , closed two Russian compounds and expelled 35 diplomats the U.S. said were spies .
A Russian state television channel on Saturday sought to discredit reports linking the malware to the Kremlin .
If Russia is found to be connected to widespread hacking of U.S. utilities , it will make it more difficult for Republican President-elect Donald Trump to soften anti-Russian sentiment on Capitol Hill , where hearings on hacking are scheduled next week .
Rep. Peter Welch , a Democrat from Vermont , said the incident proves Obama 's response was warranted .
“ This attack shows how rampant Russian hacking is . It 's systemic , relentless , predatory , ” Welch said in a statement . “ They will hack everywhere , even Vermont , in pursuit of opportunities to disrupt our country . ”
The Washington Post first reported on the Vermont utility 's malware discovery .
The Rossiya state television channel said the Post provided no confirmation Russia was involved . It said the Post report spoke only about the identification of malicious software code that Washington previously concluded had been used by the Russian intelligence services in the cyberattack on U.S. political institutions .
In a report released Thursday , Homeland Security and the FBI provided technical details about the tools and infrastructure they say Russian civilian and military intelligence services have used to compromise and exploit networks “ associated with the U.S. election as well as a range of U.S. government , political and private sector entities . ”
“ This activity by the Russian civilian and military intelligence services is part of an ongoing campaign of cyber-enabled operations directed at the U.S. government and its citizens , ” the report said .
___
Associated Press writers Deb Riechmann in Washington , Jacob Pearson in New York , Jennifer McDermott in Providence , Rhode Island , Holly Ramer in Concord , New Hampshire , and Christina Paciolla in Philadelphia contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
PRESS RELEASE Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping Have a ‘ Win-Win ' Telephone Call Feb. 10 , 2017 ( EIRNS ) —Following up his letter to Chinese President Xi Jinping , President Donald Trump had what can clearly be described as a win-win telephone discussion with his Chinese counterpart today . While the Western media seem to be fixated on reporting Trump 's agreement with the One China policy , the Chinese side puts this further down in its reporting , in order to concentrate on the prospects for bringing China-U.S. relations to an historic high . Both sides described the telephone call as `` lengthy '' and `` extremely cordial , '' with both leaders expressing best wishes to each other 's peoples . `` They also extended invitations to meet in their respective countries . President Trump and President Xi look forward to further talks with very successful outcomes , '' the White House statement said . `` President Trump agreed , at the request of President Xi , to honor China 's 'One China ' policy , '' a Chinese statement said . The two sides also signaled that with the `` One China '' issue resolved , they could concentrate on enhancing bilateral relations . `` Representatives of the United States and China will engage in discussions and negotiations on various issues of mutual interest , '' the statement said . . Xi responded that he appreciated President upholding the one China policy . `` The development of China-U.S. relations can be complementary , '' he told Trump . `` Both sides can become good partners , '' Xi said . President Trump said that maintaining high-level cooperation was important and that both nations should promote bilateral relations to an historic high level . They also extended invitations to meet in their respective countries . `` President Trump and President Xi look forward to further talks with very successful outcomes , '' the White House statement said . Unlike the wild media coverage , Xi noted that both countries have maintained close communication on issues of common concern since Trump 's inauguration and noted the necessity and urgency of strengthening China-U.S. cooperation in the face of the current complicated international situation and various challenges . Xi said China is committed to coexisting peacefully with other countries in the world , as well as conducting win-win cooperation with them and is ready to boost mutually beneficial cooperation with the United States in various fields such as trade and economy , investment , science and technology , energy , culture and infrastructure . He also said China will strengthen coordination and communication with the United States in international and regional affairs to jointly safeguard world peace and stability . Xinhua reported that Trump said he was glad to speak by phone with Xi , and said that it is very important for both countries to maintain high-level communication . He expressed admiration toward the Chinese people for the historic accomplishment they have achieved in developing their country . Trump said developing U.S.-China ties has won wide support from the U.S. people and that the two countries , as cooperative partners , can make joint efforts to help the bilateral relationship reach an unprecedented level . The United States is committed to enhancing win-win cooperation with China in economy , trade , investment and international affairs , Trump said .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tina Turner 's eldest son Craig Raymond Turner has died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , it has been reported .
59-year-old Craig was found dead at his home in Studio City , California on Tuesday , according to TMZ .
Los Angeles County coroner 's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed it was reported at suicide , although the official autopsy is pending .
Tina , now 78 , gave birth to Craig when she was 18 years old - before her marriage to Ike Turner .
After they wed , Ike adopted her son with Craig taking his surname .
( Image : Michael Ochs Archives )
But Craig 's biological father is Kings of Rhythm saxophonist Raymond Hill , who was a member of Ike 's band .
Raymond and Tina - then known as Little Ann - were in a relationship in 1957 when she was just 17 and a new backing singer for Ike Tuner 's band .
Raymond died in 1996 from heart failure aged 62 .
Tina was married to Ike between 1962 and 1978 . The singer also has another son , 57-year-old Ronnie Turner .
( Image : French Select )
( Image : French Select )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
In 2013 Tina tied the knot with long-term partner Erwin Bach .
Earlier in the day , just horus before the sad news broke , Tina posed for pictures at the Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture Fall Winter 2018/2019 show in Paris .
The legendary singer , who is now a permanent Swiss resident , has lived with Erwin in Switzerland for many years and they were reported to have got engaged in April 2013 .
They originally met in 1985 when Erwin worked as a record producer for music label EMI .
* Samaritans ( 116 123 ) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year . If you prefer to write down how you 're feeling , or if you 're worried about being overheard on the phone , you can email Samaritans at jo @ samaritans.org
Asian markets open lower on Tuesday . Hemant Mishra/Mint
Asian markets fall in morning trade
Asian markets opened lower , tracking the losses in the US stocks . Overnight , the US markets closed lower as investors positioned to US Federal Reserve policy .
L & T set to win EPC contract for new dry dock
Larsen & Toubro Ltd has emerged the lowest bidder in a tender issued by Cochin Shipyard Ltd for the engineering , procurement and construction ( EPC ) contract of a new dry dock , reports The Hindu Business Line .
Godrej Agrovet may join race to acquire Ruchi Soya
Godrej Agrovet Ltd plans to bid for Ruchi Soya Industries Ltd , which is undergoing bankruptcy resolution , with an eye on its palm oil business , reports Mint .
GTL lenders agree to sell off firm 's assets
Lenders to GTL Ltd have agreed to a sale of assets of the company , which will be divided among them under an agreed formula . Read more
UltraTech offers to acquire Binani Cement
UltraTech Cement Ltd has upped the ante in its bid to acquire debt-laden Binani Cement Ltd by initiating talks with its parent Binani Industries Ltd outside the bankruptcy process , reports Mint .
Nalco to form joint venture for auto-grade aluminium unit
National Aluminium Company Ltd ( Nalco ) has firmed up plans to set up a joint venture with Canada-based Almex for the production of automotive-grade aluminium , reports Business Standard .
Stringent norms , extended lull seen weighing on realty sector
Stringent norms in the new regulatory regime and an extended lull in the real estate sector are likely to make it tougher for many developers to keep their heads above water going forward , with no revival in sight , reports Mint .
Govt proposes to ease environment rules for construction sector
Lastly , the government has once again proposed to ease the environment rules for the building and construction sector , stipulating that projects of less than 50,000 square metres size would not require environment clearance .
Give this , at the very least , to James Corden . As host of the 2015 CFDA Fashion Awards at Alice Tully Hall on Monday night , the late-late-night talk show personality can carry a tune .
His was called “ To Sew the Impossible Seam , ” and included lyrics the evoked the dream of fashion design , sung before a roomful of fashion designers , as “ to act like the fate of the world is tied to the launch of your line , to speak of your side-ruffled peplum as if you are Einstein , ” and “ to fit your whole life on an Instagram square. ” I 've left out the expletives here , but still , you can imagine how well this went over .
In many ways , this was one of the more bizarre and puzzling CFDA Awards in recent memory—absurdly long , punctuated with less-than-heartfelt speeches , overly self-conscious about the omnipresence of social media on the runway , subject to egregious use of the word “ brilliant , ” and generally unstylish . And yet , as Diane von Furstenberg , the president of the fashion council and reality television star , remarked after the show ended , it also reflected our times very well indeed , including an award presented to Instagram by none other than Kim Kardashian ( @ kimkardashian , 34.8 million followers ) , who wore a see-through dress , while pregnant and , heroically , under the weather . How many likes does she have now ?
Normally , everyone who is sort of famous feels not famous enough at fashion 's big night , but now even the designers are struggling to stay relevant . While it 's true that we 're all just a number—who was sitting front row , just a few spots from Tom Ford , other than the social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky ( @ thefatjewish , 4.4 million followers ) ? —substance still carried the night . At least the designers still get awards—and there were plenty of them to go around in the top 10 moments of the night :
1 . The Row Wins Big
Reclaiming the top prize of womenswear designers of the year , Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen of The Row said they never expected to be so honored when they started their fashion label a decade ago , though their closets must be lined with CFDA trophies by now , having last won the womenswear title in 2012 and the award for accessories just last year . But understated elegance is a very important part of their brand message , and it was heartening to hear them thank their customers , rather than the usual suspects , when accepting their latest trophy .
2 . Familiar Faces in Accessories and Menswear
Tabitha Simmons won the top prize for accessories design , and Tom Ford for menswear ( and for sexiest acceptance speech , it should be noted ) . Just last year , Ford received a lifetime achievement award , which in the fashion industry , is shorthand for being put out to pasture . But not Ford , who has been turning out consistently powerful collections . As he said , “ I 'm so glad to know there is still life after lifetime achievement . ”
Larrry Busacca/Gett
3 . Speaking of Lifetime Achievement ...
Betsey Johnson received this year 's designation , and celebrated with a cartwheel that ended in a split—her customary signoff at every runway show for the last 50 or so years . Somewhere along the way on Monday night she lost one of her shoes . But Johnson is a legend , as much for her longevity as for her fashion , and to her credit she never acknowledged from the stage that her footwear had gone astray . Bonus points for bringing along her granddaughters , who were dressed in tulle tutus and sneakers , a look grandma all but trademarked as a Betsey Johnson original .
4 . The Talented Up-and-Comers
Swarovski , the Austrian crystal company , sponsored the prizes for emerging talent once again this year ( its 14th in partnership with the CFDA , and bravo for that ) . But the winners seemed a little bored . Rachel Mansur and Floriana Gavriel of Mansur Gavriel , originators of the biggest bucket-bag trend of recent times , won the accessories prize , but struggled to come up with anyone to thank , besides “ our husband. ” Shayne Oliver of Hood by Air , as expected , won the menswear prize , and sort of acknowledged Swarovski and the CFDA before strutting offstage , prompting presenter Zachary Quinto to deliver the best ad-lib quip of the night— “ They really want to get you to the party. ” Womenswear honoree Rosie Assoulin was more gracious , noting she once had to crash a CFDA party—and now she 's a certified award winner .
5 . And Now a Word About Our Host
Corden hit a few highs , but mostly a lot of lows in his exceptionally course routine , which touched on recent controversies surrounding the photographer Terry Richardson and Michael Jeffries , the chief executive of Abercrombie and Fitch who was dispatched from his job following the company 's economic decline . It was a bit like listening to a record player on which the needle skips with hair-raising screeches , over and over , causing you to grimace and cover your ears , as when Corden threatened to greet Kanye West by licking his face . Or when he described the crowd as especially diverse : “ White gay men from all different areas of Manhattan have traveled to be here tonight to celebrate the best and brightest fashion designers of the past 12 months. ” Or , when he said , “ Asking me to host the CFDAs is like asking Terry Richardson to host your daughter 's birthday party , ” which , I am certain , no one asked , ever .
6 . Remembering Oscar de la Renta
Chelsea Clinton delivered a tribute to the late Oscar de la Renta , recalling how the designer , after they had become friends through her parents , had pulled her aside one day to ask her why she always dressed like she were trying to blend into the walls . This she acknowledged heartily was her intention , before explaining how the gift of a beautiful dress from the designer changed her approach to fashion , and to life .
Kim 's baby bump made its red carpet debut at the CFDA Awards in a sheer Proenza Schouler number . Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
7 . Acknowledgement of Social Media 's Most Powerful
The Kardashian media complex continues to thrive , producing an astonishing amount of news , the latest tidbit being that Kim Kardashian has now officially been named the “ Queen of Instagram , ” as per Kevin Systrom , the chief executive of the company . And while Kardashian is pregnant with her second child , she still managed to attend the awards wearing a sheer black Proenza Schouler dress with lots of grommets and fringy bits at the shoulders . Also , Kim Kardashian has a cold .
RELATED : Kim Kardashian 's Baby Bump Makes Its Red Carpet Debut at the CFDA Awards
Rabbani and Solimene Photography/Getty
8 . Gigi Hadid 's Gilded Outfit
Gigi Hadid ( @ gigihadid , 3.7 million followers ) in a gold Michael Kors jumpsuit . Like .
9 . Kanye West Compares Himself to Pharrell
Introducing Pharrell Williams as the icon of the year , Kanye West , wearing a sort of martial arts jacket , started out well with a knowing aside about his reputation for fashion rants : “ You know how Obama brought out the angry version of himself ? I 'm sort of like the angrier version of Pharrell , ” he said . He then went a bit deep on the problem of the “ gross misconception about the idea of a celebrity creative ” in our society , perhaps playing to the wrong audience .
Kevin Mazur/WireImage
10 . The Longest Acceptance Speech of the Evening
Pharrell ( @ pharrell , 5.1 million followers ) , accepting his award in a 12-minute speech , revealed the true secret of his fashion awakening . Early in his career , having spent his entire first paycheck on Ralph Lauren 's RRL label , the artist Kelis read him like a book : “ She explained that I needed to diversify , ” he said . As he began to buy designer clothes ( shoutout to Tom Ford for a caramel colored leather coat from Gucci ) , Williams discovered Comme des Garcons , Junya Watanabe , and Mark McNairy , and his do-it-yourself style became internationally recognized . Still , Williams said of the achievement , he learned a lot of humility . “ It 's a privilege to be acknowledged , ” he said , “ not a guarantee . ”
PHOTOS : The Best of the 2015 CFDA Awards Red Carpet
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's believed that around 42 per cent of marriages now end in divorce .
In many of these instances young children are involved , which can make the process a lot more painful - and calls for an even more sensitive handling .
If you and your partner have young children , and are calling time on your relationship , communicating this with your kids can be fraught with worry .
Depending on their age , they may not understand the nuances behind your decision , or may blame themselves - and there may be difficult questions to answer .
( Image : iStockphoto )
Some planning can go a long way , however , and BabyCentre have put together a list of tips to follow , and questions you may be asked ...
1 . When should we tell our child that we 're getting divorced ?
If you and your partner are considering a separation or divorce , wait until you 've made your final decision before talking to your child .
Changing your mind further down the line is likely to be confusing and upsetting .
Let them know as soon as a final decision is made , but do n't do this week 's in advance .
Choose a moment - where possible - where all members who need to present are relaxed and calm , so you can take your time .
Avoid doing it before they go to bed or are being dropped off at school .
Offer plenty of hugs and warmth , and tell her that you 're happy to answer any questions that she thinks of now or later .
( Image : Getty )
2 . How should we talk to our child about separation or divorce ?
Children are literal creatures , so talk to your child in a simple and open way .
They may not have heard the words `` divorce '' or `` separation '' before , so if you use these terms , explain clearly what they mean .
Be sure to let them know that ever though you and your partner wo n't be living together any more , you 'll still be their parents , and they 'll still see both of you .
Most importantly , reassure her that she 's still going to be cared for and loved by both of you , even if you are n't living together .
Also , be prepared for any kind of reaction when you break the news .
Your child is likely to feel sad , frightened , confused or insecure - and it 's also possible that she may feel relieved . Reassure her that however she 's feeling is perfectly normal .
( Image : Getty )
Your child may not react to the news at all to begin with . This is also a natural reaction , and it does n't mean that she does n't care about what 's happened .
Instead , she 's just processing her feelings , and will probably want to talk things through at another time .
3 . Tell her together
This once can be tough - especially if you and your partner are n't on good terms .
But try to agree on how you 'll break the news of the separation and try to do this together .
Not only does this help to show both of you were involved in the decision , but it also helps you to start parenting without being a couple , and reassures your child that you 'll both continue to be there for her .
4 . Tell them it 's not their fault
Young children do n't understand adult relationships , and often see themselves as the centre of the world .
As such , they often think that it 's their fault if their parents argue .
Reassure your child by explaining gently that separation or divorce is a difficult decision tht adults make , and that it is n't ' t happening because of anything she 's done .
5 . Avoid blaming your partner
You and your partner may be feeling angry or upset with each other , but try to avoid blaming each other for the break-up when talking to your child .
If you 're feeling very emotional , wait until you 've calmed down to explain the situation to your child .
( Image : Getty )
Do n't mention issues such as infidelity or financial problems to your preschooler .
They 're too young to understand what they really mean , and may end up feeling confused and insecure .
Right now , the most important thing is helping your child to adjust , and showing her that you 're both still there for her .
6 . And do n't give details
Once you 've told your preschooler that you 're getting divorced , try not to have conversations about it in front of they unless she asks .
Avoid discussing legal issues when she 's around . And try your best to talk to your partner in a calm and civil way .
What questions might our child ask about divorce ?
1 . `` Why ? ''
Your child will be curious about what 's going on , and may want to talk to you about it in depth .
Let her ask as many questions as she wants to , and do your best to answer them honestly . Just try not to talk to her about concepts that she wo n't fully understand , such as infidelity .
Explain gently that you and your partner were n't getting along , and felt that separating was best for everyone .
Avoid saying that you fell out of love , as they may assume that you could fall out of love with them , too .
2 . `` When 's Mummy/Daddy coming home ? ''
Your preschooler may not understand that divorce is permanent , and may expect that things will go back to normal .
Be clear that you and your partner wo n't be living together any more , but reassure her that you 'll always be their parents .
Let them know that you wo n't stop loving them or taking care of them , even though you are n't together anymore .
You may be feeling angry and upset with your partner , and relieved that you 're separating . But your child is likely to be feeling sadness and loss .
Let them express her feelings , and do n't ask them to choose between you .
Reassure your child that their other parent still loves her , and misses them , too .
If you 're in touch with family on both sides , tell her that her grandparents , uncles , aunts and cousins will still be there for them .
4 . `` Who will look after Mummy/Daddy ? ''
Your child may worry about the parent who 's moving out .
Reassure them that while your partner will miss her , and is sad to be leaving , adults can look after themselves .
When they 're feeling particularly concerned , a quick phone call to the other parent will reassure her that everything 's OK .
5 . Use stories to help her understand
You may find that your child keeps bringing up the subject of divorce .
If you feel like you '' ve answered all her questions , you could try another way to help them understand by reading a story about divorce together .
Try Two Nests by Laurence Anholt and Jim Coplestone , or When My Parents Forgot How To Be Friends by Jennifer Moore-Mallinos and Marta Fabrega .
China 's Top Employers Routinely Publish Sexist Job Ads , Study Says A new report from Human Rights Watch claims that in China , despite economic growth and more opportunities for women , gender discrimination in job recruitment remains a serious problem .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tory defence secretary Gavin Williamson is at the centre of a sexism storm - after delivering a speech in which he made an inappropriate jibe about women in the Israeli army .
Mr Williamson 's political future was in doubt tonight after the prime minister repeatedly declined to say she believed he told her the truth about why he left a fireplace firm after a reported affair with a colleague .
Mr Williamson said he almost threw away his family after a “ flirtatious ” relationship - but denied suggestions of harassment .
Speaking to reporters during her trip to China , Theresa May was asked whether she was confident Williamson had told her the whole truth about his departure from the firm .
( Image : Getty )
The prime minister said : “ Gavin has told people about something that happened before he became a member of parliament , let alone became a minister . ”
But the Mirror can reveal that the defence secretary , who has been tipped as a future leader , stunned guests at reception in Westminster for the Conservative Friends of Israel group as he recalled his only visit to the Jewish state as a teenager .
To a mix of laughter and shock , Mr Williamson , who was promoted to Defence Secretary by Theresa May , told the audience that his visit to Israel had left him very impressed by “ your female defence forces . ”
Later one guest at the CFI reception on Tuesday evening suggested it had been “ unwise , to say the least ” for Mr Williamson to make the joke while he faced questions about his account of an affair with a former colleague with a married former colleague in 2004 that almost cost him his marriage .
( Image : PA )
Another attendee at the annual CFI event said : “ Some people found Mr Williamson 's reference to female Israeli soldiers funny .
“ But many found the attempt at telling a joke on this matter awkward and in bad taste . ”
The reception , attended by many MPs and peers , including the veteran Europhile Ken Clarke , the former Chancellor , was addressed by the CFI parliamentary chair , Stephen Crabb MP , and Israeli ambassador Mark Regev .
A friend of Mr Williamson said : “ This was a light-hearted story from when he was 13-years-old . It prompted a lot of laughter and simply showed he was once a teenage boy . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Spending eight weeks in the sunshine in Mallorca flirting with a bunch of hot singletons sounds like a dream holiday .
But that 's the reality for the new set of Love Island contestants .
Of course , it 's not all sunbathing - there 's a hit show to get out - so the stars will be expected to bring the drama .
But what can they expect to earn for offering round-the-clock entertainment ?
Apparently they earn £200 a week , or £2.80 an hour according to The Sun .
( Image : WENN )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : WENN )
`` All the islanders are getting £200 a week to be on the show , '' a source said .
`` If you break it down to how many hours they 're filming every day it 's absolutely nothing ! But they know the end goal is mega-money and fame .
`` If they win , it could be £50,000 they leave with or £25,000 if they split the pot . Then they 'll make loads off the back of magazine deals and sponsorships .
`` They 're all prepared to take the hit now because this time next year they could be rolling in it . ''
( Image : WENN )
But it 's not just magazine deals that bring in much-needed cash .
One of the biggest sources of income for ex-Islanders is Instagram - pushing out sponsored posts for everything from black toothpaste to skimpy clothing ranges .
It 's thought Kem Cetinay can earn up to £8,600 for one post to his two million fans .
Meanwhile , the ladies are big earners too , with Olivia Attwood , Camilla Thurlow and Montana Brown expected to get £6,450 , £5,590 and £5,160 per post .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
She 's yet to turn 25 , but Laura Dahlmeier is already Winter Olympics royalty - dubbed the Queen of the Biathlon .
The German , 24 , was largely responsible for her country 's strong showing at the World Championship a year ago , winning five of the six events .
In fact , she made history , becoming the first athlete ever to win five gold medals at a single Championship .
Unsurprisingly , in 2017 she was ranked No.1 in the world , so she 's definitely one to watch .
At the Games in PyeongChang , South Korea , Dahlmeier will be aiming to go one better than before by winning gold in all six events .
And she stands a good chance ! But what else do we know about Laura Dahlmeier ? Here , we 're giving the inside track on the brilliant biathlete from Bavaria .
Who is Laura Dahlmeier ?
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Standing at just 5ft 4ins tall and weighing 8st , Dahlmeier is relatively diminutive - but when it comes to the biathlon , she certainly packs a punch .
Hailing from Garmisch-Partenkirchen , a ski town in Bavaria , southern Germany , she was introduced to winter sports at a young age .
A prolific medal winner in junior championships , her hot streak has continued into the senior ranks .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What is biathlon ?
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Biathlon is a Nordic skiing event that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
It comprises six different events - individual , sprint , pursuit , mixed relay , women's/men 's relay and the mass start race .
Is Laura Dahlmeier likely to win a medal ?
( Image : AFP )
It looks as though the wise money is on Dahlmeier for a clean sweep .
Given her form going into the Games , she certainly looks a safe bet to win one or more medals .
After her
NEWARK , N.J. ( AP ) — Mario Batali has surrendered oversight of daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years .
The online site Eater New York , part of Vox Media , reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women , three of whom worked for Batali . One of women , none was named in the story , said that Batali groping her chest after wine had spilled on her shirt . Another said he grabbed her from behind and holding her tightly against his body .
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press , Batali said that the complaints “ match up ” with his past behavior .
“ I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family , ” Batali said .
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October . The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training .
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show , “ The Chew . ”
“ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention , ” the network said Monday . “ ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . ”
A wave of sexual misconduct allegations have upended the political scene and embroiled Hollywood , gaining momentum after shocking allegations of abuse and assault by Harvey Weinstein .
The # metoo movement has brought down Kevin Spacey , Louis C.K. , Matt Lauer , and led to resignations in the U.S. House and Senate . There are new calls for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he 's faced . Last week Time magazine named the “ silence breakers , ” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment , as Person of the Year .
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles , taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco .
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s , and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “ Molto Mario , ” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years , until 2004 . It was there that his signature look , a fleece vest , shorts , and orange Crocs , became instantly recognizable to most people .
The Food Network , which was planning to relaunch “ Molto Mario , ” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold . “ Food Network takes matters like this very seriously , ” it said .
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities . The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants , including Babbo in New York , Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles . It 's also a partner in Eataly , an Italian food hall and grocer , which has locations in New York , Chicago and Boston .
Batali has long been socially active . The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition . He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing , a method used to extract oil and gas .
___
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has said he has been banned from every John Lewis and Waitrose in the UK after buying and returning 12 TV sets .
Paul Chambers , 54 , is no longer allowed to purchase any item from any of the company 's outlets after a long-running dispute .
He is last week received a letter from John Lewis 's operations boss , which informed him the firm `` will also not process any orders you attempt to place by telephone or online channels , '' Birmingham Mail reports .
But Mr Chambers , who has severe epilepsy , says the 12 TV sets he has bought and returned in three years were faulty with `` ghosting '' `` calibrating '' and `` pixelating '' issues .
( Image : Birmingham Mail/BPM MEDIA )
Mr Chambers , from Solihull , West Mids. , said : `` I have experienced lots of problems with the TVs . I have always bought Samsung and Panasonic makes from John Lewis .
`` There have been problems with ghosting , calibrating and pixelating . I do suffer from epilepsy and I need the TV to be visually perfect .
`` Every time I have taken them back the staff have been very friendly so I was shocked to receive this letter .
`` I could n't believe it when I opened the letter . They have banned me from every John Lewis in the country and I ca n't buy anything off them online . The TVs were faulty so I returned them . I had all sorts of problems with them so I simply returned them . I was paying up to £900 for the TVs so they had to be right .
`` My friend has let me borrow his old TV now and it has been fine . But I would have liked to have gone back to John Lewis to buy another TV in the future . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail/BPM MEDIA )
John Lewis , which has more than 50 different outlets in the UK in addition to its Waitrose branches , said in the letter it has no option but to `` terminate its business relationship '' with the client .
The letter reads : `` In light of your recent enquiries we now feel it necessary , and prudent , to terminate our business relationship with you . This decision applies to all John Lewis Department stores , JohnLewis.com and Waitrose . This will take immediate effect . Please advice we shall not process any orders you attempt to place by telephone or online channels .
`` We have taken this decision to our firm belief that that we are unable to meet your service needs , nor do we believe our range of products will meet your expectations .
( Image : PA )
`` We would therefore ask you not to visit the Solihull store or any other John Lewis branch . if you do we shall ask you to leave immediately , we would not wish to embarrass you in this way so we would kindly ask you to comply with this request . ''
Mirror Online has contacted John Lewis for a comment .
The high-end department store chain was founded in the UK in 1864 and now has concessions in Australia and Republic of Ireland .
More than 38,000 people work for the company as partners .
Over the last 30 days , Deepinder Goyal has posted two different kinds of job openings on Twitter and LinkedIn , the last one just six days ago . “ About 90 % of company culture comes from how you hire , ” says Goyal , the 35-year-old co-founder and CEO of Zomato , a restaurant search and discovery service platform that operates in 23 countries , including India . Zomato 's culture , he says , is all about “ you have to get to outcomes and you ca n't give excuses ” .
It certainly seems to be working . According to a 31 March Mint report , revenue at Zomato Media Pvt . Ltd doubled to Rs399 crore in the year ended 31 March 2017 . At the same time , net loss fell to Rs389 crore in the year ended 31 March 2017 from Rs590 crore in the previous year ,
Alternate Saturdays at Zomato are supposed to be non-working days—and sometimes they are designated as hiring days . Staff members sift through résumés and conduct one-on-one interviews with potential candidates all across the office . “ Between Monday-Friday , we do n't normally conduct interviews . We believe in focus on business ( days ) and focus on hiring ( day ) . It 's easier for us and it 's easier for people to come in and meet us on Saturday because they do n't have to take time off their regular jobs , ” says Goyal , who is dressed in a grey T-shirt , jeans and sneakers , ready for interviews on a Saturday morning .
Zomato 's workforce is young , in the 24-26 age group , and Goyal likes to be actively involved in the hiring process . “ At senior levels , I tend to interview 100 % of the applicants for at least 15 minutes . For other positions , if it is in Delhi and a Saturday , I meet everyone . ”
Almost 99 % of the hiring happens through social media reach-outs , like posting messages and referrals , but Goyal says responses that do n't follow the process are n't treated as applications . “ Questions about the position are okay but otherwise responding or posting your résumé on my LinkedIn makes no sense because there is a process to follow , an email ID where you should send your application to , ” he explains .
He is quite categorical when it comes to flexible work hours : “ I do n't know this phrase . We have an external image of being a tough place to work at , so it keeps people who have this kind of expectations out anyway . ”
According to Goyal , these are the hiring practices that have made all the difference :
Do n't hire for the job description
Goyal believes more in conversations than formal interviews . “ Within a conversation , we try to get as much of the sense of a person , ” he says . He does add that candidates who are willing to share why they are who they are are the ones who tend to linger on in memory rather than those who sound perfect . “ It can be something on the lines of why you grew up to be a certain kind of person because perhaps you had a certain kind of relationship with your dad . It 's the backstory that helps us to know why a person is the way he or she is , ” he says .
Deepinder Goyal at the Zomato office in Gurugram . Photo : Pradeep Gaur/Mint
So take time out to draft your life story and be honest about your failures while highlighting your achievements .
Goyal , who believes he is a better communicator on email , adds : “ Usually , in interviews , interviewers spend about an hour to get to know the candidate but if the candidate can do that job in an email , it just cuts the time . One example that stands out was this person who had a start-up in Bengaluru and it had failed . He had succeeded at something else but did not find it worth doing . He wrote us quite a long but very honest email in 2012 . At that time I did not have a role for him , but a couple of years later , when a position opened , I remembered that email and reached out . He works with us now . ”
Look for the straight talker
Quirkiness in résumés or email introductions for the sake of it do not work for Goyal . What tops the chart for him is honesty in communication . “ Honesty is the most important criterion when it comes to hiring . So tell the truth , even if it is uncomfortable truth . For example , if someone lies on their CV or over-exaggerates about a project or campus initiative , I do n't hesitate to call them out . Sometimes , people just participate in an initiative and make it sound like they drove it . Once you dig deeper as an interviewer , you can find out how much of second-level details the person knows beyond the final outcome , ” says Goyal , adding that such a candidate would not make the cut .
He says candidates should n't hold back on any tough questions they have about the company . “ An interviewer does get to sense that a candidate has a question . That 's where honesty comes in . If people have a question at an interview and hold back at that point , when they are not even part of the organization , when they do not have much to lose , then it indicates they will hold back a lot more when they join the company . That is not going to work , ” he says .
Think you deserve a raise ? Frame it right
An advocate of the win-win formula of negotiating , Goyal is also clear that interviews should be a process between equals . “ For talented people , there are always lots of jobs . Some companies think they have leverage because they are offering jobs but that is not the case if you are looking to hire talented people . If an interviewer from my end has bossy body language , we do n't let them interview further , ” he says .
He believes any offer or deal has to be fair . “ When we make a job offer , we make sure it is fairly balanced . For example , if someone comes in and says that I was getting X at my last company , so to switch I should get a 40 % hike , I do n't really understand that . Why should you get a salary hike simply because you are switching ? Are we incentivising switching ? That 's not cool . However , if someone tells me that I am being undervalued at my previous position and I want you to value me fairly , then that 's a very different conversation , ” he says .
Goyal is not a fan of bargaining . “ It 's not about maximizing what you can get because if you start getting more than what you deserve , things will not work out in the long term anyway , ” he says .
Prioritize people who use your product
The minimum requirement for any applicant before applying for a job at the company is to at least use their products or services . “ Candidates do n't need to always have the app on their phone but they should have had it at some point of time . They should be able to clearly tell us why they do n't use it now and should be able to give us feedback , ” Goyal says , adding that these are indicators of candidness and ability to give feedback .
As someone whose aim is to hire people better than himself , Goyal believes he too would not be able to sail through Zomato 's hiring process—and that , he thinks , is a good thing . “ I do try to up my skills , but lowering the bar to accommodate myself is not something that will work . ”
Millennial Managers is a series which will decode the management techniques and wellness practices of leaders under 40 .
There inevitably comes a time in a young girl 's life when she wants to start wearing earrings . It 's a normal part of growing up and becoming a woman , but how safe is it ? Many parents are worried that ear piercings put their child at risk because of the potential of nickel allergy . At the moment , [ … ]
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shona puts the Platts in danger again . She had planned to give £1,000 to Dane , but David changes her mind . Her ex is furious and , after fighting with David , jumps into the car with Max and Lily . Will he harm them ?
Julia Goulding who plays Shona Ramsay tells us more :
Why is Dane back ?
He thinks , ‘ How dare Shona be happy ? '
Poor Shona ...
She ca n't catch a break really , can she ! ?
Are you glad we 're learning more about Shona 's past ?
It needed to be done , especially with all the rumours going round that Nathan was Clayton 's dad ! Yeah , she does n't make the best decisions but she 's trying her best to put right her wrongs .
Daniel is on Phelan 's case !
( Image : ITV )
There 's a surprise for Phelan when his daughter Nicola tells him she 's pregnant with Gary Windass 's baby .
Meanwhile , Phelan has more than becoming grand-dad to worry about . Intrepid reporter Daniel goes to the nursing home as he continues to snoop into Phelan 's past . He meets a woman there called Mrs McArdle – will she help him out ?
And in honour of Friday the 13th , Phelan is ready to unleash more terror . He sits in his office with a gun in his lap , pondering his next victim .
Robber Billy
( Image : ITV )
Billy steals money from Adam and gives it to the factory girls as compensation for the lawyer putting them out of a job .
Meanwhile , the naughtiest kids on the Street – Amy and Asha – get a new partner in crime , Summer . But when Summer gets in trouble at school , Billy and Todd are summoned for a meeting , which wo n't look good for their bid to keep custody of the young girl .
—Photo by AP
ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will represent Pakistan at Extraordinary Summit of Organization of Islamic Cooperation on Al-Quds Al-Sharif being held in Istanbul on Wednesday .
The summit will discuss the recent US decision to shift its Embassy from Tel Aviv to occupied Jerusalem .
The OIC leaders will also explore ways to deal with the situation .
The Prime Minister will convey the sentiments of the people and Government of Pakistan of the unequivocal support to the people of Palestine .
He will stress upon the OIC for a united stance on the issue of Al-Quds Al-Sharif and call upon the US Administration to review its decision .
The Summit will be preceded by the Council of Foreign Ministers Meeting which will be attended by Foreign Minister , Khawaja Muhammad Asif .
The Extraordinary Summit has been called by the President of Turkey in his capacity as the Chair of OIC . Most OIC Member States are expected to attend.—Radio Pakistan
SHE stole from the Australian taxpayer and gave it to the poor .
Riverview woman Margaret Rita Muliaga defrauded close to $ 17,000 from Centrelink and after satisfying her gambling addiction used the remainder to help homeless people .
The 45-year-old spent the cash she had lied to obtain to buy food to donate , support homeless people and `` people worse off than her '' .
Muliaga was on bail for other fraud-related offending in 2009 when she began five-year period of over- claiming Newstart benefits .
The $ 16,650.77 she swindled was originally used to gamble before Muliaga 's teenage daughter encouraged her to turn to the Samoan Independent Seventh Day Adventist Church at Bellbird Park to tackle her crippling gambling addiction .
She solved her addiction and turned her attention to those less fortunate .
Friend of 15 years and church member , Sina Mokalei said Muliaga made a significant impact on church members and the community .
`` She 's definitely been a great help with youth activities , youth fundraising and also visiting and feeding homeless and visiting the elderly , '' she said .
`` She was the taxi lady in church , if someone needed a lift to church she never hesitated or denied anybody .
`` We 've done so many activates within the church so she 's always been a great help in that area . ''
Ms Mokalei said she hoped Muliaga could move on from her criminal activity and return to her church work .
`` As humans , we all have our struggles but she is definitely a very humble person , '' she said .
`` It would be a great impact on the church if we were to lose Margaret .
`` We all make mistakes and we hope this does n't overshadow or overpower the good she has done , I hope the good outweighs the bad and she has a chance to get through this . ''
Muliaga 's community work was the difference between her being jailed and walking free from Ipswich Magistrates Court on Tuesday .
The court heard she committed the fraud while on bail for similar offending .
Magistrate David Shepherd said Muliaga was `` seen by others to be a generous person '' .
`` There is nothing to suggest you used the money for unnecessary and luxury items but rather simply to sustain yourself when you had a gambling problem , '' he said .
You are in a different category to people who take from the Australian taxpayer and use it to prop up your own ego and lifestyle .
`` This is a very close call .
`` Under slightly different circumstances you would be spending some time in custody . ''
Muliaga pleaded guilty to four counts of obtaining financial advantage and was sentenced to 10 months ' imprisonment , but released on a good-behaviour bond .
She was also sentenced to two years ' probation and ordered to repay $ 16,650.77 to the Commonwealth .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 23-year-old woman called Georgia Toffolo last night won a popularity contest with someone off Hollyoaks and a troubled TV presenter .
Not a high bar for a pleasant-natured skinny blonde to vault over , despite claims this makes her the most beloved human in Brexit Britain and will rake in £5m as a result .
The sad truth about the ritual humiliations of reality shows like I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here is that winning them is usually the last thing you want to do .
The most successful winner of I 'm A Celeb , and who changed their lives the most , was Scarlett Moffatt . From being a chubby north eastern lass sat on the sofa saying stupid things on telly , she 's now a better-paid chubby north eastern lass sat on an uncomfortable chair in Australia saying stupid things on telly .
Unlike many of her fellow winners , Scarlett is a reasonable human being who seems to be fully aware that her career has another 7mins 30secs to run , and intends to make the most of it .
Funnily enough , last year it was reported SHE 'D be raking in millions . She 's managed an E4 programme , a couple of turns on Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway , and got stuck backstage at the National Television Awards . It 's better paid than being down the pit , but millions it is not .
( Image : Channel 4 )
Jade Goody was the only person to make millions as a result of being discovered by reality television . After being adored nationwide , she was reviled for racism , despaired of for her terrible taste in boyfriends , diagnosed with cervical cancer and dead at 27 .
She spent the last months of her life working to build up a multi-million pound trust fund for her two sons , only for it to be all but wiped out 4 years after her death by a tax demand .
Towards the end of her life , during an interview about her cancer , she broke down . Aware they needed a shot of her tears she turned towards the photographer so he could get the picture as she sobbed .
She paid a high price for fame , but each bit of her life that she sold amounted to nothing in the end . There are still two motherless boys who 'll know more about her from Wikipedia than memory .
How did the other winners do ? Craig from the first Big Brother reportedly has a £15m building empire , but as he was a builder before he went on TV he might have done that anyway .
Tony Blackburn won I 'm A Celeb , was fired and then reinstated by the BBC in the backwash of unfounded celebrity sex allegations . Cricketer Phil Tufnell was the first celebrity to get dropped from The Jump in 2015 , because even falling down a mountain was too tricky for him .
Kerry Katona , who screamed every time she touched a jungle tree , can now `` frequently be seen on the Loose Women panel as a guest where she freely gives more details about her tragic life '' , Vicky Pattison was fired from presenting Blind Date before it even aired and Carole Thatcher has `` stepped back from the limelight since 2009 '' .
And that 's before we even think about bigoted Christopher Biggins , silly Joe Swash , or Stacey Solomon , whose main claim to fame now is that she 's dating Joe Swash .
Some have turned a win to their advantage , but for most it 's a sign that their showbusiness career has entered its terminal phase , if it ever breathed in the first place .
I 'm A Celeb is about ogling women in the shower , something Myleene Klass seems contractually obliged to keep forcing us to do . X Factor is about making Simon Cowell money , Big Brother is about rampant personality disorders , and Strictly Come Dancing is usually about who 's boinking who .
But not this year . Because Debbie McGee is finally proving what use the reality show format is when you have something of use to offer .
( Image : BBC )
This is a woman who has just turned 59 . Other contestants in that age range - recruited by producers for the same reason , to be the half-amusing old git who satisfies an audience demographic - have been clodhopping buffoons .
Ann Widdicombe , John Sergeant , Lynda Bellingham , Phil Tufnell ( again ) : charming in their own ways , but plainly there for the cash or the craic . Deserving perhaps , along with Judy Murray , for a contest of their own where non-dancers are n't judged against stage school graduates half their age .
Debbie did ballet as a 20-year-old , but not since . She 's kept herself fit , but she 's still about to enter her 7th decade . And she has shown she can do BETTER than the twinkle-toed youngsters whose ligaments have yet to creak .
Any one of us would be knackered just thinking about that task , but she 's doing it while also in rehearsals for panto . The woman 's a ruddy marvel .
( Image : PA )
Look at what Debbie 's achieved in just 3 months : she 's emerged from the 40-year shadow of being Paul Daniels ' assistant ; she 's lost her widow 's weeds and found purpose and work ; she 's shown every older woman what she can do and plenty of younger ones what they ca n't .
Solely by doing the splits 3 times during an Argentine tango Debbie has proven age is no barrier , grief is no reason to stop and that the man by her side could n't do half so well without her .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Her fellow finalists Alexandra Burke , Gemma Atkinson and Joe McFadden are ambitious young gym-bunnies hoping to improve their existing careers . Debbie , by comparison , is improving every viewer 's state of mind - she is positivity writ large .
Whatever her aim in doing the show in the first place , she 's achieved more than any of the others . She 's lifted the aims of people half her age , and she 's finally admired for a reason beyond being able to smile while knives are chucked at her .
It 's not just that Craig Revel Horwood worshipped at her feet or that she got the first perfect score of the series . It 's that her response was saner than Alexandra 's when she got a 40 , that her performances emote more than Joe 's when emoting is his job , that her athleticism is better than Gemma 's when she 's 36 years younger .
Reality shows are all too often for the desperate , the crazed , the broke , the egotistical and talent-free .
In the lovely Debbie McGee , they actually have a life-enhancing purpose at last .
TORRINGTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Torrington Police are investigating an alleged sex assault case that they say started online . They arrested 21 year-old William Hill . They say Hill met a woman online and the two ended up at the home Hill is staying at for a few days . Police say while there , Hill and the woman got into an argument and they say Hill stabbed her .
It happened inside Hill 's uncle 's home — that 's where Hill is staying .
“ He 's from South Carolina , ” said Hill 's uncle Fred . “ He just come up here to get some warrants taken care of and they dismissed everything . ”
Fred says he was asleep at around 1:30am on June 13th — when police say the stabbing occurred . Fred says he did n't hear any signs of any kind of confrontation and did n't see any blood on the walls or on the floors . He questions whether anything like this happened on the deck at his home .
“ If a girl got stabbed more than one time , she would 've been yelling , ” Fred said . “ I would 've heard something . I 'm not that sound a sleeper . ”
“ I ca n't say my nephew did n't do it or did it , but I can say it did n't happen on this deck , ” Fred said .
Torrington Police say something did happen there . They charged Fred 's nephew with assault , first degree sexual assault and tampering with evidence . At Hill 's arraignment on Wednesday , his bond was increased to $ 200,000 .
“ I mean , I feel bad but I just do n't think he did it , you know ? ” said Fred . “ Not here anyway . ”
The group describes itself as a forum for `` bloke-related discussion and banter '' . Picture : Facebook
The group describes itself as a forum for `` bloke-related discussion and banter '' . Picture : Facebook
PEOPLE with disabilities , amputees and bashed cyclists are being savagely ridiculed in an Aussie men 's banter group with more than 180,000 members .
Now , some of the controversial Facebook group 's members say comments on the page have gone too far after people with Down syndrome were slammed as `` freaks '' in a vile thread .
Aussie Man Cave has more than 500 member requests a day . One of the administrators told news.com.au that almost anything goes on the page and its members are merely using their right to free speech .
A spat between members began earlier this week when a video of people with disabilities dating was uploaded with the caption `` At home with Mr and Mrs Potato '' .
Some members attacked the video 's poster and the no-holds-barred comments which quickly began to stack up under the controversial post - saying those ridiculing the couple had `` no morals '' and they were `` taking it too far '' .
The page also includes posts where violence towards cyclists and `` lefties '' is condoned and laughed at .
Chris * of Bankstown generally loves the freedom of the group , but feels these type of attacks went `` way too far '' and that a `` sick minority '' is bringing the page down .
He joined the closed group after his mates showed him a few funny videos on the page of drunken people falling over .
`` It 's pretty funny stuff and there 's always something being uploaded , '' he said . `` I knew there was going to be some offensive stuff on there , but I think people just whinge about anything these days so I did n't really care . ''
However , there were a few posts among the lewd pictures of women , memes mocking the Greens and videos of Aussie blokes doing stupid things , that caught his eye for all the wrong reasons .
`` The right-wing stuff is fair game , but there is a sick minority of people ruining it by just taking it way too far with videos taking the p * ss out of disabled people , amputees and overweight kids , '' he said . `` They just have no respect for others . ''
A video of a cyclist being attacked was praised by some members . Picture : Facebook
The member who posted the video mocking the couple with Down syndrome has since been removed from the group , but he had one last message for his haters .
`` For all the sooks , snowflakes and whinging little b * * ches plaguing Man Cave now , these ones for you ! ! ! '' he posted before sharing one last video of an expletive-laden parody song .
Several other videos have also caused a spat between members of the controversial page in recent days .
One post features a video of an elderly man being viciously pushed off his pushbike by man in a passing car .
The bloke who posted it said the attacker should be the prime minister of Australia and dozens of others chipped in celebrating the attack .
`` If this video does n't prove normal people 's dislike for Lycra glad ( sic ) road toads nothing will ! ! ! '' one commenter wrote . `` Start abiding by the road rules or f * * k off into a bush ! ! ! ! ! Lol . ''
However , not everybody condoned the video .
`` If it was your family member , child etc you 'd be trying to find the guy to bash the s * * t out of him . Idiots , '' wrote one commenter .
`` This guy could have seriously been hurt , '' wrote another . `` He could have kids waiting at home or could be the main carer in his household and if he is seriously injured because someone thinks this s * * t is funny . ''
Another contentious post earlier this week showed far-right protesters in Portland , Oregon , launching a savage assault on demonstrators from the Left-wing anti-fascist group Antifa .
`` Likes '' and laughing face emojis came flooding in and the comments thread began to fill up with remarks such as `` look them lefties get hooked haha classic '' .
Jye * , an administrator for Aussie Man Cave , said the group started out as a `` casual meeting point where people can come in and rant , rave , complain or talk about something good '' .
He said the video of a couple with Down syndrome had been taken down , but those posting offensive comments calling them `` freaks '' were not removed from the group .
`` Part of free speech is the right to voice your say over something offending you , '' he said .
However , he said the three administrators of Man Cave did `` have to draw a line somewhere '' .
`` Nudity is deleted instantly and repeat offenders are banned on the spot , '' he said . `` This is a Facebook rule , not ours , but we have to enforce it if we want the group to keep existing .
`` Anything with cruelty to animals is taken down instantly and usually the original poster is banned .
`` Outside of that , we do remove hideously offensive or cruel videos , but as it 's run as a team these are generally things that need to be done as a group decision , particularly if I 'm offline . Unfortunately these group decisions do take a while .
`` I 've seen some horrific videos in there , and I 'm quite proud of the fact I 've taken them down instantly . Again I 'm not against free speech , but I 'm not a fan of harm or cruelty . ''
However , he was concerned about some of the things that were posted .
`` I do n't agree with them at all but I do n't feel I should delete posts based on my personal feelings , outside of the obvious boundary-pushing posts , '' he said .
`` Man Cave is for everyone , but people need to understand somebody might post something that they do n't like and , if it is n't awful , it 'll likely stay .
`` People are significantly more outspoken behind a keyboard ; this is just a part of social media . ''
And , just in case you were wondering , women are allowed to join the group .
`` Chicks are welcome but only if they are cool as f * * * and respect that this is a blokes group with blokey topics and banter , '' the group 's rules read . `` Annoying sooky drama queens are booted immediately . ''
* Surname has been omitted at interviewee 's request
On today 's episode of Wild Animal Wednesday we have our baboon baby Layla . Layla is an Olive Baboon that 's 3 months old , full of energy , and was born at the Wild Animal Safari facility ! The Olive Baboon is native to Africa and at birth they have black hair , which changes to an olive color as they grow older . Wild Animal Safari is now scheduling tours between the hours of 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. Monday – Saturday . Come on down to see Layla !
Advertisement
Barcelona completed what was the greatest-ever comeback in the history of the Champions League knockout stages when they overturned a four-goal first-leg deficit against Paris St Germain but now they have to perform another escape act against Juventus .
The Italian champions won the quarter-final first leg 3-0 in Turin with goals from Paulo Dybala ( 2 ) and Giorgio Chiellini , leaving Luis Enrique 's side facing another uphill task to make it to the semi-finals .
Here , Press Association Sport looks at some of the more memorable occasions on which teams have overturned big deficits to go through after a rousing second-leg performance .
Barcelona 6 Paris St Germain 1 ( Barcelona win 6-5 on aggregate ) - March 2017
After being humbled 4-0 in the first leg in Paris , few gave them a chance of overturning such a big deficit in the second leg at the Nou Camp but in Luis Enrique 's final season as head coach that is exactly what Lionel Messi and Co pulled off .
Barcelona surged ahead through Luis Suarez , an own goal from Layvin Kurzawa and a Messi penalty only for Edinson Cavani to hit back for PSG . All looked lost for the Spanish giants but Neymar scored on 88 minutes and with an injury-time penalty before Sergi Roberto struck the final blow five minutes into stoppage time .
Deportivo La Coruna 4 AC Milan 0 ( Deportivo win 5-4 on aggregate ) - April 2004
No eyebrows were raised when Serie A giants Milan thumped Deportivo 4-1 in the first leg at San Siro , with superstars Kaka , Andriy Shevchenko and Andrea Pirlo living up to their star billing .
But three goals in a remarkable first half at Riazor , sparked by Walter Pandiani 's opener , turned the tie around . The Rossoneri were hanging on until the 76th minute , when Fran sent Deportivo through .
Monaco 3 Real Madrid 1 ( Monaco progress on away goals after 5-5 aggregate score ) - April 2004
Real Madrid should have read the small print when they sent Fernando Morientes to Monaco on loan in 2003 . Annoyingly , he scored against them in the first leg of this quarter-final tie , but they won 4-2 .
A healthy lead established , Los Blancos headed for Monte Carlo full of confidence , only for Morientes to once again stick the knife into his employers , with Ludovic Giuly 's brace sealing their fate .
Barcelona 4 AC Milan 0 ( Barcelona win 4-2 on aggregate ) - March 2013
Milan , by 2013 no longer the all-conquering side of old , had scored two unanswered goals in the first leg at San Siro .
Never before had a team recovered from 2-0 down without an away goal , but there was no reckoning with the magic of Messi , as his brace preceded goals from David Villa and Jordi Alba .
Manchester United 3 Olympiacos 0 ( Manchester United win 3-2 on aggregate ) - March 2014
Patience with Sir Alex Ferguson 's successor David Moyes was already wearing thin among the Old Trafford faithful , and a 2-0 defeat to Greek side Olympiacos a month earlier did little to aid the Scot .
But Robin van Persie gave Moyes a little longer in the hotseat by scoring a hat-trick in Manchester to steer United into the quarter-finals , a stage at which Bayern Munich proved too strong for them .
How A Teenager 's Actions Changed Punishments For Violent Juvenile Offenders
Forty years ago this month a 15-year-old boy in New York went on a crime spree that shocked the city and helped change the nature of sentencing minors in America . As part of a new WNYC podcast about the juvenile justice system called Caught Radio Rookies brings this story .
Hull pair Ahmed Elmohamady and Dieumerci Mbokani are both available for Monday 's game at West Brom .
Midfielder Elmohamady has been allowed to arrive late for Egypt 's training camp ahead of the African Nations Cup and striker Mbokani will join up with DR Congo 's squad after the match .
Boss Mike Phelan has no new injury or suspension concerns , while midfield pair Tom Huddlestone and Sam Clucas are both pushing for recalls after starting on the bench in Friday night 's home draw against Everton .
Dell has revealed a new 2-in-1 convertible notebook over at CES , and it 's another offering in the Latitude range providing plenty in the way of flexibility while also delivering performance with Intel 's newest CPU on board .
The Latitude 5285 boasts dual-core Kaby Lake processors ( with vPro support ) and integrated graphics ( Intel HD Graphics 620 ) , backed up with either 4GB , 8GB or 16GB of 1866MHz system RAM .
This hybrid has a 12.3-inch Gorilla Glass touchscreen display with a 1920 x 1280 resolution , which also benefits from anti-glare and anti-smudge countermeasures to keep that screen fingerprint-free .
Although you may need your prints if you go for the optional fingerprint sensor – other security measures include TPM 2.0 and optional Dell data protection and management software .
Storage options include up to a 256GB SATA SSD , or up to a 1TB PCIe NVMe SSD , or a 512GB PCIe OPAL SED solid-state drive .
Optional facial recognition
You also get a pair of cameras – 8-megapixel on the back , 5-megapixel on the front ( with an optional infrared camera to support Windows Hello login via facial recognition ) – and for connectivity there are two USB Type-C ports , one USB 3.0 connector , and a microSD plus microSIM card slot .
The tablet comes with an integrated ‘ auto-deploy ' kickstand that can tilt back 150-degrees , and the slate is 9.8mm thick , weighing just over 900g ( the total weight of the 2-in-1 complete with travel keyboard is just over 1.2kg ) .
Other available options include 4G LTE mobile broadband , alongside the laptop 's 802.11ac dual-band ( 2x2 ) Wi-Fi , and a FIPS 201 smart card reader , along with a contactless smart card/NFC reader .
Dell 's Latitude 5285 will be available on February 28 with prices starting at $ 899 ( around £735 , AU $ 1,245 ) .
A cruise turned into a dream trip for a Burnley woman when she met her idol on board and even got the chance to sing on stage with him .
Keeley Scott has followed the career of Gareth Gates since he was a teenage singer at the church she often attended in Bradford .
And Keeley was one of the millions of viewers who tuned in to watch Gareth when he was runner-up on the first ever series of Pop Idol in 2002 .
Illness prevented Keeley from seeing Gareth in concert a couple of years ago . But a photograph he sent her with a special `` get well '' message has pride of place at the family home in the Manchester Road area .
So when Keeley , who has Downs Syndrome , found out he was entertaining on board the Sapphire Princess which she was holidaying on with her parents , Peter and Ann Scott , around Spain , Italy and France , she was thrilled to bits .
Ann said : `` Keeley has had a smile on her face from ear to ear since meeting Gareth , it was absolutely wonderful to see her so happy .
`` We had no idea before we booked the cruise that Gareth would be singing so when we found out we could n't believe it .
`` We saw him on board one day with his dad and at first we were a bit nervous to approach him but his dad said to come over and they were both so friendly and charming . ''
An opportunity to take photographs failed when the battery in Ann 's camera died but Gareth invited Keeley and her mum to meet him after the show in the evening .
The duo booked themselves front row seats and to make the dream even more perfect for Keeley , Gareth invited her on stage to sing a number with him .
Ann said : `` He asked who wanted to sing with him and so many people put their hands up , including Keeley .
`` And when he chose her it was just wonderful. ``
The pair sang Spirit in the Sky and Keeley , who attends Burnley Life Church and works at Freshfields in Cemetery Lane in the town , finally got her picture taken with her idol .
Ann added : `` It may not seem like a lot but this means so much to Keeley and we would like to thank Gareth and also his dad for being so kind , caring and genuine .
`` It means the world to Keeley . ''
Monday , December 11 , 2017
SYDNEY , AUSTRALIA—Traces of one of Australia 's first pubs have been uncovered in Parramatta , now a suburb west of Sydney , by a team of researchers led by archaeologist Ted Higginbotham . According to an ABC News report , the pub , known as the Wheatsheaf Hotel , was built in 1801 . The excavation team also found the remains of a wheelwright 's workshop , where carts and wagons were made and fixed , which had been added to an early nineteenth-century convict hut . The hut was demolished for a brick cottage in the 1820s , and the brick cottage was taken down in the 1950s . A well , a baker 's oven , dinner plates , toys , and bottles were also recovered . “ The baker 's oven , the wheelwright 's workshop , the later brick cottage could all be matched with the known historical occupants of the site , ” Higginbotham explained . The archaeological site has been preserved within a new apartment complex . For more on the archaeology of Australia 's colonial period , go to “ Final Resting Place of an Outlaw . ”
After fifteen years at ABC Studios , hit-making showrunner Shonda Rhimes is taking her talents to Netflix .
“ Our current shows will continue to thrive on ABC and Shondaland will be there every step of the way , ” said Rhimes . “ I could not have asked for a better home to begin my career . Starting today , we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix . Everyone at Shondaland is honored to expand both our audience and our creative identity with Ted and the entire team at Netflix . ”
Though the exact figures have not been revealed , the Hollywood Reporter reports that Rhimes and her Shondaland banner will be in a four-year deal with Netflix .
“ Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television , ” said Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos . “ Her work is gripping , inventive , pulse-pounding , heart-stopping , taboo-breaking television at its best . We 're so excited to welcome her to Netflix . ”
Shondaland shows Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , and How to Get Away With Murder will remain at ABC . These shows are also currently featured on Netflix . Rhimes is the first African-American woman to notch the rare 100-episode milestone three times in her career ( for Grey 's , Private Practice and Scandal ) .
SEE ALSO
Team New Zealand made to feel welcome in Bermuda as tensions put aside
Skipper Glenn Ashby - America 's Cup ACEA /Photo Gilles Martin-Raget Skipper Glenn Ashby - America 's Cup ACEA /Photo Gilles Martin-Raget
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/153106
by Dana Johannsen on 17 AprThe increasing hostilities threatened to make Team NZ 's arrival in Bermuda an uncomfortable one , but Ashby said the team have been made to feel very welcome . 'From my side we 've been very well received as a team . Bermuda has welcomed us with open arms and we 're very much enjoying being a part of the environment . I 've seen a few of the guys ( from other teams ) on the water , and everyone has given us a wave and said g'day , ' said Ashby . ' I think everyone is pleased to have us finally over here . There 's absolutely no doubt that all those other teams will be eager to see how we go in the early stages on our training and they 'll be keeping a close eye on when we launch . 'Ashby is hopeful Team NZ 's race boat will be ready to hit the water again next weekend . The shore crew have been working around the clock to reassemble the 50-ft catamaran , which arrived in Bermuda on a cargo plane earlier this week.It is not just a case of putting the platform and wing back together - the time consuming part is re-installing the electronic and hydraulic systems that control the boat . The three weeks of downtime so close to the event kicking off may seem a frustrating interlude , but Ashby still believes delaying their departure to Bermuda was in the team 's best interests.He admits though , now he is there , he 's eager to get going . ' I 'm a cat on hot bricks at the moment , we 're all super excited to get out on the water up here , but from my perspective it 's been a long three years to get to this point , ' said Ashby . 'We want to get out there and there and mix it up and learn as much as we can in the next 40 days before we start racing . We 've got a huge amount on our list to try and tick off and the guys are in a great space to get into that . As group we 're pretty happy with the position we 're in at this stage of the game . 'The team are still undecided as to whether they will take part in the final official practice racing window later this month . A late amendment to the rules granted teams the ability to race in an organised fashion at the Cup venue during nominated periods . The last of those racing windows will be April 24-28 , and while Team NZ are aiming to be on the water by that stage , Ashby said they made not be in a position where they 're ready , or willing , to race . 'We 've done a pretty good job of hiding away in Auckland as much as we can , and we know we will have to show our cards pretty soon , ' he said . 'It 's still not clear at this point whether we 'll be in a position to make it out on the water in time for the next period of practice racing . But even sailing around the Great Sound , it 's going to be pretty difficult to not end up in the same piece of water as another boat . So whether we do the racing or not , I expect in two - three weeks we 'll have an idea of how the other guys are going and they will have an idea of how we 're going . It 's just part and parcel of training in the same playground . 'The original article was published here
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Olivia Attwood has seriously upset Love Island fans with her latest Instagram post about Chris Hughes - but not for the reason you might think .
The blonde beauty shared a gushing post about her beau alongside an adorable selfie of the pair .
Grinning at the camera , Olviia caresses Chris ' hunky jawline with her immaculately manicured talons .
`` I can promise you , this love we have , has never and will never ; be ordinary ( sic ) , '' she commented .
And fans could n't help but pick up on Olivia 's poor - and confusing - use of punctutation .
`` That semi colon is giving me anxiety , '' one fan commented .
`` Surprised she can spell tbh ( sic ) , '' another added .
But others leapt to Olivia 's defence , with one writing : `` Stop commenting on her grammar/punctuation ! You two are a great couple that been through a lot ! ''
( Image : Rex )
Last week , Chris took ti social media to indicate that his romance with Olivia was in trouble .
The pair have seen their romance rocked after Olivia was spotted canoodling with her footballer ex-boyfriend , Bradley Dack .
And despite both taking to social media to declare their romance is still on track , Chris then suggested it is coming off the rails .
Last week , the star posted a graphic of an ‘ inspirational ' quote from the internet on Twitter to provide insight into his hugely documented love life .
( Image : @ chrishughes_22/Twitter )
In the post - which he simply titled : “ Life ” - the star appeared to suggest that his relationship is riddled with “ problems ” and is far from “ ideal ” .
The quote read : `` You ca n't just give up on someone because the situation 's not ideal . ”
It continued : `` Great relationships are n't great because they have no problems . ”
The quote concluded : “ They 're great because both people care enough about the other person to find a way to make it work . ”
The couple 's ups and downs have already been well documented , with their on/off relationship being one of the more entertaining story lines of Love Island this year .
`` Our government will continue to vigorously defend the interests of the Canadian aerospace industry and our aerospace workers against irresponsible and protectionist trade measures . ''
Several U.S. senators and House members also expressed their unhappiness , calling the decision `` shortsighted '' because it threatens thousands of jobs across the country supported by Bombardier and its suppliers .
The latest duty matches the amount originally proposed by Boeing , before it revised its request to 143 per cent because of Bombardier 's refusal to provide certain information to the Commerce Department .
The Chicago-based aircraft giant said it welcomes the decision affirming its view that Bombardier sold the CSeries to Delta at prices below production cost to illegally grab market share in the single-aisle airplane market .
`` This determination confirms that , as Boeing alleged in its petition , Bombardier dumped its aircraft into the U.S. market at absurdly low prices , '' it said in a news release .
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies , while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value .
U.S. aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia said the high duties will hurt CSeries sales efforts to leasing companies and shut the plane out of the U.S. unless the U.S. International Trade Commission effectively ends the challenge in February .
`` If the ITC does n't find that this damaged Boeing then this whole thing vanishes like a bad dream , '' he said in an interview .
Aboulafia says the process appears to have been politicized , which requires authorities to detail their reasonings to avoid further damage to the international jetline sector .
A Bombardier union said it was n't surprised by the new duty given the 48 per cent increase in the number of dumping allegations since the Trump administration took office .
`` These tribunals are like the right arm of the large corporations of Boeing , '' said Dave Chartrand , Quebec co-ordinator of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers .
He said workers will fight even harder to get the duty reversed .
`` We will stand up and we will fight . ''
Boeing petitioned the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016 . The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US $ 5.6 billion , although large orders typically secure steep discounts .
Bombardier has repeatedly stressed that Americans will be hurt by the tariffs because more than half the content on the 100- to 150-seat CSeries is sourced by U.S. suppliers , including Pratt & Whitney engines . The program is expected to generate more than US $ 30 billion in business over its life and support more than 22,700 American jobs in 19 states .
Boeing 's complaint has prompted a heavy political reaction from the Canadian government and British Prime Minister Theresa May , who fears job losses at Bombardier 's wing assembly facility in Northern Ireland .
Canada has threatened to cancel the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornets to temporarily augment Canada 's aging fleet of CF-18s .
By Ross Marowits , The Canadian Press
Centurion : A buoyant India will look to cash in on South Africa 's injury woes , compounded by the loss of captain Faf du Plessis , when the two sides meet in the second ODI here on Sunday .
The visitors won their first-ever ODI against South Africa at Durban on Thursday by six wickets and took a 1-0 lead in the six-match series . That defeat ended the Proteas ' 17-match unbeaten run on home soil stretching back to February 2016 , when they had lost to England at Port Elizabeth .
In the aftermath of the Durban defeat , South Africa have lost skipper du Plessis to a finger injury .
He had suffered a blow during the first ODI and later scans revealed that he had suffered a fracture , thus ruling him out for three to six weeks . He will miss the remainder of the ODI series as well as the entire T20I series against India .
This was on top of AB de Villiers ' finger injury , sustained during the third Test at Wanderers , but he was only ruled out of the first three ODIs .
Even so , the hosts will be very demoralised with this development , especially since they need to fight back to avoid going 2-0 down so early in this contest .
Batsman Farhaan Behardien has been recalled to the ODI squad , after he was left out initially in favour of Khayelihle Zondo as part of their preparation for the 2019 World Cup .
While Zondo did n't play at Durban , it is anticipated that he will continue to sit out , as Behardien will walk into the playing eleven given the circumstances . The latter had last featured against Bangladesh in October 2017 .
Wicket-keeper batsman Heinrich Klaasen , who finished the third highest run-getter in South Africa 's domestic one-day tournament , has also been drafted as backup for Quinton de Kock .
The latter has been struggling for form , and scored a patchy 34 off 49 balls in the first game . It is tough to envisage that de Kock will be dropped just yet , but Klaasen 's inclusion ought to send him a signal of the team management 's intent .
In another major development , Aiden Markram has been named captain for the remainder of the series in the absence of du Plessis .
The hosts will momentarily lose their no.1 status in the ICC ODI rankings should India take a 2-0 lead at SuperSport Park . As it is , the Men in Blue need a 4-2 overall series victory to step up and affirmatively claim the top spot in the 50-overs ' format .
They will be carrying the winning momentum into this second ODI , after a stunning victory at the Wanderers Test and another easy win at Durban .
Unlike Kingsmead , India has a better record at this venue , having won four and lost five matches . Their most famous win here came against Pakistan in the 2003 ODI World Cup .
Against South Africa , they have played five ODIs at Centurion , winning two and losing as many . However , their last ODI win over the Proteas here was in 2001-02 during the triangular series ( involving Kenya ) .
Since then , they have lost an ODI each during the 2006-07 and 2010-11 tours , whilst their last ODI during the 2013-14 tour was washed out .
The Indian team management , of course , does n't pay attention to such statistics . They are more concerned with their players ' current form instead . In that light , the visitors do n't have any selection bothers at the moment .
No.4 was the only spot that saw some experimentation in recent times , but Ajinkya Rahane 's fluent 79 runs off 86 balls in the first ODI has meant that he will occupy this spot in the short term at least .
The Centurion pitch came in for sharp criticism for its 'sub-continental type ' nature during the second Test here , which South Africa won by 135 runs .
After the Durban success , Virat Kohli will be tempted to go in with the same playing eleven . It would mean another trial by wrist-spin for South Africa 's depleted batting line-up , as Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal will look to wreak havoc once again .
The second ODI will be a day-game ( the only one in this series ) on account of a Sunday as is the norm in this country . A full house is expected nevertheless .
Teams :
India : Virat Kohli ( capt . ) , Shikhar Dhawan , Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane , Shreyas Iyer , Manish Pandey , Dinesh Karthik , Kedar Jadhav , MS Dhoni ( wk ) , Hardik Pandya , Yuzvendra Chahal , Kuldeep Yadav , Axar Patel , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Jasprit Bumrah , Mohammed Shami , Shardul Thakur .
South Africa : Hashim Amla , Quinton de Kock ( wk ) , JP Duminy , Imran Tahir , Aiden Markram ( capt . ) , David Miller , Morne Morkel , Chris Morris , Lungisani Ngidi , Andile Phehlukwayo , Kagiso Rabada , Tabraiz Shamsi , Khayelihle Zondo , Farhaan Behardien , Heinrich Klaasen .
Match starts at : 1.30 pm IST .
The remains of Tropical Depression Alberto are moving across the Midwest , causing rainstorms across the Chicago area and flooding in the western and northwestern suburbs.A flood warning was in effect for most of the west and northwest suburbs . DuPage County in particular saw heavy rains , and main roads in west suburban Villa Park and Elmhurst were flooded shut.In northwest suburban Schaumburg the deluge came down fast , and at the worst possible time . `` There was half a dozen cars on Higgins going east that were probably up to their waist in water , '' said Keith Weiner , driver.Water overtook some cars father than the drivers could realize what was happening . `` People were ripping their bumpers off because of water , '' said Christopher Hernandez in Schaumburg . `` We saw bumpers come off . `` In Barrington boats had to come to the rescue , transporting people from flooded out cars to dry ground . Dark , ominous clouds rolled over Plano . Near Minooka , the aftermath is already problematic . `` The sewers just ca n't handle it . Debris comes down from the farms and seems to be clogging the drains , '' said Steve Zeno , resident.The west and northwest suburbs were drenched . Water overtook streets in Elgin and Lombard . In Hoffman Estates , any remotely low-lying intersection or parking lot turned into a puddle.Also in Elgin , a lightning strike may have caused a fire on the roof of a business in the 700-block of Tollgate Road , officials said.Fire officials said they received a call shortly after 5 p.m . Witnesses said they saw a flash of lightning and then smelled smoke in the building , and saw smoke coming from the roof.The fire was extinguished in about 20 minutes . No one was injured.The weather also affected operations at Chicago 's airports . As of 8:30 p.m. O'Hare reported 311 cancellations and delays averaging 48 minutes , while Midway reported 15 cancellations and delays under 15 minutes .
LA RONGE , Sask . - The mother of a young boy involved in an incident in a northern Saskatchewan community where two other children were burned says the whole thing was an accident .
The woman tells CTV Saskatoon the children were playing with gas , pouring it and trying to light it when the gas burst into flames early Sunday near La Ronge .
An eight-year-old boy suffered burns to his face and his 11-year-old sister received minor burns and singed hair .
The eight-year-old was airlifted to hospital in Saskatoon while his sister was taken to hospital in La Ronge . Both have since been released .
The mother of the third child says her son 's eyelashes and eyebrows were burned , and he helped put out the fires on the other two children .
The woman ca n't be named because she says her son is now in the care of social services .
There have been suggestions the boy 's actions were deliberate . On Tuesday , a woman who had called 911 when she saw the injured children on the street said the two burned children blamed the third child .
She said the third child ran away when she said she was calling police .
RCMP says no charges can be laid in the case because all the children involved are under 12 years of age .
La Ronge is about 380 kilometres north of Saskatoon .
( CTV Saskatoon )
Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked His Own Death
Arkady Babchenko , the Russian journalist reported dead , turned up alive on TV today . His friend and colleague Simon Ostrovsky tells NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly that he 's both relieved and frustrated with what was apparently a planned sting to catch the attempted killers .
MARY LOUISE KELLY , HOST :
Well , here 's how we learned late this morning that Arkady Babchenko was alive . One of our producers was calling around to journalists who 'd worked with him - someone who was mourning his death . And one of the people we called was Simon Ostrovsky . He said , look at your TV . Babchenko is n't dead .
Simon Ostrovsky is Investigations Editor with Coda Story . That 's a nonprofit news website . And he is on the line now . Hi there .
SIMON OSTROVSKY : Hi .
KELLY : Hi . So we 're about to have a really different conversation than we thought we were going to have with you . Has your blood pressure recovered from the shock ?
OSTROVSKY : Yeah . It 's been a couple of hours now , and I 'm sort of coming down from the confusion and the excitement of finding out that my friend was alive . And , you know , myself and a lot of colleagues are processing this information to try to understand what it means because we 've been confronted with , unfortunately , multiple deaths of colleagues in the post-Soviet space before , and nothing like this has ever happened .
KELLY : I know you know him because you reported together from the frontlines of the fighting in Ukraine . Yesterday , when the news was breaking that he had been shot - that he had been killed , you tweeted that he was a brave reporter .
And then you tweeted something eerie , in hindsight . You wrote , at this point , I 'm just hoping these reports are a mistake . What was going through your mind when you saw those first reports that your friend had been killed ?
OSTROVSKY : Well , I mean , it was just a genuine , actual emotion . I did n't really believe that it was possible that he could still be alive . I was just hoping for hope out of hope . And lo and behold , now he is .
KELLY : You 're just sitting there watching with your jaw on the floor ?
OSTROVSKY : Yeah , essentially . It was totally unbelievable .
KELLY : So I 'm sure that you 're happy that your friend and former colleague is alive and well . What else has gone through your mind today ?
OSTROVSKY : Well , you know , I 'm asking myself whether this ruse was completely necessary . The question I have is could the authorities in Ukraine have protected Arkady 's life without making all of us believe that he was dead ? Why was it necessary to say that he was dead in order to capture the people who they say were trying to kill him ?
Here we were , spending most of yesterday posting about his death like it happened , only , all of us , to discover that it 'd been mistaken . And at a time when people 's trust in the media is so low , you know , this was sort of a blow .
KELLY : You wrote that back in 2014 , the two of you - you and Babchenko - were reporting together in Ukraine that he got beaten up , that he was put through a mock execution by Ukrainian soldiers . And you wrote , this is going to seem like child 's play compared to the hell he is about to get from his wife .
OSTROVSKY : From his wife and , you know , from the rest of us . A lot of us are really elated and happy he 's alive , but we also kind of want to punch him in the face , to be honest , for doing this . And like I said , I really hope that this was completely necessary in order to save his life and that the bar was set no lower than that .
KELLY : You know , the story that he had been shot and killed was plausible in that he had criticized the Kremlin . He felt that his life was at risk . He had fled Russia and moved to Ukraine out of security concerns . When you worked with him , did he talk about that ? Did he talk about feeling at risk ?
OSTROVSKY : Even back then in 2014 , for journalists who were from Russia but who appeared , you know , to hardcore nationalists to be taking the Ukrainian side , that was tantamount to being a traitor . You would have actual members of Putin 's government saying that these people deserve to lose their citizenship or to be thrown out of the country . Other journalists have been shot and killed .
And this fake story , in a way , I think , detracts from the very many real stories . It 's a very dangerous place - the former Soviet Union , Russia , Ukraine , especially - to do this work , and people do it out of passion because it 's certainly not well remunerated .
KELLY : Have you tried to reach out to him ? When you do , what will you say ?
OSTROVSKY : I sent him a message on Facebook . I think he 's getting millions of them right now , but the content is pretty much - can be summed up in three letters , WTF , or whatever the Russian equivalent of that is .
KELLY : Simon Ostrovsky , thank you .
OSTROVSKY : Thank you .
KELLY : Simon Ostrovsky speaking there about his fellow journalist and friend Arkady Babchenko , who was reported shot and killed . We have since learned he faked his death . He says it was a sting operation to flush out people trying to kill him .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Bengaluru : Stringent norms in the new regulatory regime and an extended lull in the real estate sector are likely to make it tougher for many developers to keep their heads above water going forward , with no revival in sight .
Signals of distress across property markets are stronger than ever , with the fall of many realty firms in the courts of law and unorganized developers and mid-sized firms gradually handing over the reins to so-called branded , credible firms .
Mumbai 's Godrej Properties Ltd has built a portfolio of projects by collaborating with smaller firms , mostly where the latter has been unable to develop the project themselves . “ Smaller developers want to partner with us for multiple projects in one go , but we prefer taking up one by one . Active discussions are on with existing developer partners also for new projects . These developers have fundamentally realised that project development is not for them , ” said Mohit Malhotra , managing director and chief executive officer .
“ Many landowner-turned-developers are now focusing on their core business of land , and specialized firms with strong brand and management teams will continue developing projects , ” he said .
Transactions of distressed assets are happening in various avatars . There are developers who want to get out of the business and are engaging in distress asset sales . Then there are joint development , joint ventures and development management models where a larger developer steps in and takes over the marketing , sales and construction of a project from the existing firm , in return for a share in revenue or profit or a management fee .
Anuj Puri , chairman of Anarock Property Consultants , said the number of developers in the market is shrinking , with smaller firms resorting to different means of staying afloat .
“ RERA ( Real Estate Regulatory Authority ) compliance norms , coupled with steadily declining housing demand , has led to the exit of many small and financially weaker players , including builders , landowners and brokers . Additionally , the extending debt pressure , inability to execute projects and other financial challenges led to bankruptcy and insolvency of many developers , ” Puri said .
To be sure , the distress-led consolidation is going to be a gradual process . “ The ones with low leverage , whether small or big , will survive . Higher leveraged builders will be forced to sell off . But the key takeaway is that the traditional way of doing real estate is fast disappearing and the ones who will succeed will build their business models around the right product , pricing and marketing strategy . It 's not a land-banking business anymore , ” said a mid-sized Pune developer , who did n't want to be named .
The data is worrying . A January report by Knight Frank India said home sales volume hit a seven-year low in 2017 , seeing a 38 % decline from the peak of 2011 . Home launches , too , saw a sharp fall of 78 % last year to 103,570 housing units from 480,424 in 2010 .
Orbit Corp. Ltd 's prime property Baug-E-Sara in south Mumbai 's Nepean Sea Road , which it had bought for Rs80 crore , has been acquired by Sunteck Realty Ltd for around Rs34.20 crore , said a Mint report in February .
Orbit has faced attachment of properties as lenders laid claim , with Vardhman Developers Ltd approaching the Bombay high court to recover around Rs118 crore from the company .
Pujit Agarwal , Orbit 's managing director , said he is focusing on trying to bring stalled projects back on track .
Even as uncertainty looms with the State Bank of India ( SBI ) filing insolvency proceedings in the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) last year , Agarwal is hopeful he will be able to turn around the company .
“ Real estate development is cyclical and one must have the patience and bear the downturn , ” he said .
Another Mumbai firm , Nirmal , faced with debt issues , last year set up a separate vertical Nirmal Ventures to form partnerships with other developers to jointly develop its land . It has inked deals with Godrej Properties , L & T Realty and , most recently , Shapoorji Pallonji Real Estate . “ ... We are still evaluating other projects for further tie-ups . We will do a couple of more tie-ups this calendar year , ” said chairman and managing director Dharmesh Jain . It will “ follow the dual route of developing projects of its own and in partnership as well . ”
In Mulund alone , Nirmal owns land with development potential of around 15 million sq.ft . “ Clearly , we needed more energy in terms of partners to hasten the development process for Nirmal , ” he said .
Anarock 's Puri said many builders who are in trouble or want to exit real estate development have good land parcels .
“ ... There is still demand for land . So the way to come out of the situation is to consolidate with large corporate firms and use the money to deliver earlier commitments . The trouble would have been if there was no demand for land , ” he said .
It has n't helped that banks have continued to be wary of lending to the sector , and there is a lot of capital chasing a few good developers .
Ramashrya Yadav , chief executive-real estate practice , Edelweiss Group , said they have been cautious about lending to small developers . “ Smaller developers would increasingly find it difficult to survive without the backing of large sales platforms or development partners . The cost of sales would be unsustainable for smaller developers driving them out of business . We will see a large consolidation as result of RERA , ushering growth of more institutional players . I wo n't be surprised if 30-40 % of developers are forced to consolidate with stronger firms , ” he said .
As Khushru Jijina , managing director , Piramal Finance Ltd , one of the most aggressive lenders to real estate , said , “ Real estate development will no longer be a minimum capital-high return-low governance model . The more established players in the market will grow from strength to strength , edging out smaller developers in the process . ”
madhurima.n @ livemint.com
Chennai : Public sector general insurer , New India Assurance Company Ltd , on Saturday said it has posted a net profit of Rs 617.28 crore for the quarter ended December 31 , 2017 .
The company drastically brought down its underwriting loss ( roughly premium minus claims paid plus operating expenses ) to Rs 464.30 crore for the quarter ended December 31 , 2017 , from Rs 1,036.89 crore posted during the quarter ended December 31 , 2016 .
In a regulatory filing in BSE , the company said it had posted a net profit of Rs 617.28 crore for the quarter ended December 31 , 2017 , up from a loss of Rs 23.69 crore posted during the corresponding quarter the previous year .
For the quarter under review , the company has earned a total income of Rs 5,900.68 crore up from Rs 4,729.18 crore earned during the corresponding quarter of the previous year .
New India Assurance saw a premium downfall in its aviation and liability insurance business segments while it logged growth in all other business verticals .
`` The results have improved substantially due to improvement in combined ratio . The drop in the combined ratio was aided by lower claims ratio and operating expense ratio due to various steps were taken by the Company . The General Insurance Industry is poised for a great growth and New India as a market leader will play a very significant role in the growth of the market , '' G Srinivasan , Chairman and Managing Director said .
`` The National Healthcare Protection Scheme announced by the Government is a game changer and will contribute to insurance penetration going up in a big way . The Insurance Sector will also be greatly benefitted by various measures announced in the Budget to improve Rural economy and Infrastructure , '' he added .
( With IANS inputs )
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
How a state panel of sports writers and broadcasters rates Ohio high school girls basketball teams in the Associated Press polls , by OHSAA divisions , with won-lost record and total points ( first-place votes in parentheses ) :
Others receiving 12 or more points : N. Can . Hoover 19 . Cin . McAuley 13 .
Others receiving 12 or more points : Warren Howland 25 . Poland Seminary 15 . Cin . Mariemont 15 . Clyde 14 . Shaker Hts . Laurel 14 . London 12 .
Others receiving 12 or more points : Richwood N. Union 18 . W. Liberty-Salem 15 . Coldwater 13 .
Others receiving 12 or more points : Norwalk St. Paul 18 . Cle . Cuyahoga Hts . 14 . Jackson Center 13 .
Comments
comments
Although African Americans make up just 13 percent of the U.S. population , we account for 37 percent of the missing in the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's database under the age of 18 and 26 percent above the age of 18 . Cases involving African Americans also tend to receive less media coverage than missing Whites , with missing men of color getting even less attention .
NewsOne has partnered with the Black and Missing Foundation to focus on the crisis of missing African Americans .
To be a part of the solution , NewsOne will profile missing persons and provide tips about how to keep your loved ones safe and what to do if someone goes missing .
The Richmond County Sheriff 's Office says the missing persons case of Georgia teen Latania Janell Carwell is now a homicide investigation .
“ Our primary focus this week is recovering Miss Carwell 's remains , ” Richmond County Sheriff Richard Roundtree said at a press conference Monday , reports the Augusta Chronicle . “ We had a search team in the metro Atlanta area come out this weekend and conducted multiple searches in the area , and we will be out again this week conducting additional searches based on forensic evidence that we gather in , but we have not yet located the particular area where we think the remains are . ”
Roundtree said the change in the status of the case comes after the interview of a “ subject connected to this investigation. ” He did not divulge further details .
Carwell , 16 , is believed to have left her home on April 17 with her stepfather , just 90 minutes after she turned 16 . Latania 's mother , says she spoke with her husband , who explained he brought his stepdaughter with him to assist with a GPS system to help find a friend who had car trouble . Police said Tripp 's claim was untrue .
A kidnapping warrant was issued for Leon Tripp and he was captured and arrested by U.S . Marshals . He is being held on kidnapping charges . Tanya Tripp was also arrested on charges of hindering the apprehension of a criminal after she was found living with her husband in Atlanta .
Latania has not been seen in public since she left home with her stepfather in April .
Latania 's uncle Charles Carwell said the family is confounded by news the search is now a homicide .
“ It 's been eight weeks and at this point we are looking for some closure . That 's not the news we wanted to hear but we want closure . We want to know more now . We need more . That 's partial closure , ” Carwell told NewsOne in an interview .
Carwell now has custody of Tanya Tripp 's other child .
“ I 'll have to explain this to her little sister one day , ” Carwell said . “ She was a young , innocent kid . She did n't deserve this . No one deserves this under any circumstances . ”
Now , Carwell said he wants Tripp and his sister to come clean so Latania can be properly put to rest .
“ One of those two have to know something . That 's my opinion . Hopefully someone will say something . You 'll get what 's coming to you if you are involved , ” Carwell said . “ Right now we want closure to close it off in your heart and mind . ”
Jeffery C. Mays is a contributing writer for NewsOne . Follow him on Twitter at @ JeffCMays .
SOURCE : WRDW , Augusta Chronicle
SEE ALSO :
Pregnant Baltimore Mom Vanishes , Misses Baby Shower
Virginia Woman Rescued From Alleged Sex Trafficking Ring in New York City
A Look At What Would Happen If Trump Does n't Certify The Iran Nuclear Deal Next week is critical in the Trump administration 's vow to redo the Iran nuclear deal . Options are being prepared for the president to announce by Friday . Here 's a look at how they could play out .
Uber Say It Will Cooperate With Investigation After Pedestrian Killed In Arizona Uber says it is cooperating with an investigation into a fatal accident involving one of its self-driving vehicles over the weekend . A woman in Tempe , Arizona , was struck and killed as she was crossing a street outside of a crosswalk , according to police .
London 's Parliament Square Gets Its First Statue Honoring A Woman
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images
For nearly 150 years , it 's been men only : Winston Churchill , Nelson Mandela , Abraham Lincoln , Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen . But on Tuesday , the statuary in London 's Parliament Square got a new face : suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett .
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country .
`` I would not be standing here today as prime minister , no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament , none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy , were it not for one truly great woman : Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett , '' May said .
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as she was awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women 's Suffrage Societies . In her hands is a placard that reads , `` Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere , '' which was taken from a speech she gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby .
Author Interviews 'The Woman 's Hour ' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage 'The Woman 's Hour ' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage Listen · 8:48 8:48
Born in 1847 , Fawcett dedicated much of her life to fighting for women 's rights . She began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer . She became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group 's base to include working-class women . She died in 1929 , a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote .
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett 's inclusion , or that of any woman in Parliament Square , is long overdue .
`` When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman , it sort of begs the question , are we saying there have n't been incredible women in the past ? That our country has n't been built on the back of great women ? '' Khan said .
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez . She told the BBC that she was jogging past the historic square on International Women 's Day in 2016 when she when noticed the absence of any female figures . She started the campaign `` as she sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of her run , '' according to the broadcaster .
`` If [ Fawcett ] were a man , she 'd have hundreds of statues up to her , '' Criado Perez told the BBC . `` She 's directly facing Parliament with her placard , so the MPs can see her everyday and think , ' I should probably go and sort that problem out . ' ``
Fawcett 's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing , a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997 .
`` Other designers and artists just did n't get it like Gillian did , '' Criado Perez told the BBC . `` For me , it was very important [ Millicent ] was middle aged . I wanted her to be standing there not at all sexualised , but statesmanlike . ''
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain 's 10-pound note .
Pidilite Industries expects the goods and services tax ( GST ) to benefit those in the organized sector , particularly after the e-way bill implementation . Graphic : Mint
The Pidilite Industries Ltd stock touched a 52-week high of Rs1,195.40 on Wednesday after it reported March quarter earnings that beat analysts ' expectations .
For the third straight quarter , the adhesive and industrial chemical maker saw volumes in the consumer and bazaar segment—a key contributor to revenue—report double-digit growth . Volumes in the industrial business too grew in double digits during the March quarter .
In a post-earnings conference call with analysts , Pidilite Industries ' management said there has been a gradual improvement in demand conditions , but it will take a couple of quarters to call this a definitive trend . However , the company expects the goods and services tax ( GST ) to benefit those in the organized sector , particularly after the e-way bill implementation .
It should be noted that Pidilite Industries enjoys a dominant position in the adhesives market . While its share price performance is often compared to listed firms in the paints sector , it does n't have a direct competitor and that makes the company well poised to derive GST-led benefits .
In fact , according to Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd , Pidilite Industries offers investors the second biggest opportunity after Titan Industries Ltd on the so-called “ unorganized to organized conversion ” story . And this is something that is already showing promising signs—over the past couple of quarters , volumes have grown in double digits , with a potential for pickup in momentum going forward , the domestic brokerage firm said in a report dated 25 May .
Since GST implementation in July 2017 , the Pidilite Industries stock has rallied around 47 % , outperforming the Nifty 500 index , which surged 11 % during the same period .
While the company is optimistic about demand , there are headwinds in the form of higher raw material prices .
Cost of vinyl acetate monomer ( VAM ) , a key input material , has moved up from $ 975 per tonne in December 2017 to $ 1,100 per tonne in March 2018 and the current spot price stands at $ 1,300 per tonne , said the management . VAM accounts for 35-40 % of Pidilite Industries ' total raw material cost together with packaging . The company is mitigating this impact via price hikes .
Pidilite Industries has undertaken 2-5 % price hikes in a few rubber-based products during the March quarter as well as the current quarter . Another round of price increase may be in the offing unless raw material prices moderate , said the management .
Though the company foresees operating margin hovering in the 22-24 % range going ahead , its focus remains on volume growth .
As for valuations , the Pidilite Industries ' stock is trading at a one-year forward price-to-earnings multiple of 54 times . Despite the many positives , this is expensive and considering the sharp run-up , the upside in the stock from current levels may be limited .
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force , Fleet Air Wing 31 , security section , handcuffs a simulated attacker during oleoresin capsaicin ( OC ) training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal 's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni , Japan , Feb. 14 , 2017 . After being sprayed with OC , JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads , which represented potential attackers , and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect . The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Aaron Henson )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.14.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID : 3166559 VIRIN : 170214-M-RP664-0099 Resolution : 3500x5250 Size : 10.06 MB Location : MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , PMO , JMSDF conduct OC training [ Image 1 of 7 ] , by Cpl Aaron Henson , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Hugh Brodie
Between this month 's earlier posts about Roswell Rudd 's new video and Joe Lovano 's recent show in Kingston , there 's been some healthy jazz love here at the Daily Dose lately . Today 's entry continues that trend , but , unfortunately , the occasion is a somber one : Renowned area saxophonist Hugh Brodie passed away on April 5 at the age of 84 .
Hugh Abdullah Rashid Brodie was born in Warren County , North Carolina , in 1933 . A cousin of the great Ella Fitzgerald , he played clarinet , flute , and sang but was mainly known for his work on the tenor and soprano saxophones . His discography is , regrettably , thin , and the few records he made are misguided commercial jazz funk exercises instead of the robust hard bop he 's known for ; hopefully , some more representative archival recordings will emerge in the years to come . Brodie played for a time in the Illinois Jacquet Big Band and lived in Monticello , was a regular presence on the Hudson Valley jazz scene . He leaves behind a wife , three daughters , a granddaughter , and three great-grandchildren .
Here he is leading his Cosmic Ensemble at the Falcon in 2007 :
A celebration of Hugh Brodie 's life and music will take place at the Falcon in Marlboro , New York , on a future date . For more information , call ( 845 ) 236-7970 or visit http : //www.liveatthefalcon.com/ .
It was n't but a couple of years ago that Wesley Bryan and his brother George were entertaining the sports blogosphere with their golf trick shot videos , but on Sunday at the RBC Heritage , one of the two won a PGA Tour event .
Wes , who is 27-years-old and the older of the two brothers , earned a battlefield promotion in 2016 after winning El Bosque Mexico Championship , Chitimacha Louisiana Open , and the Digital Ally Open . The wins sent him straight to the PGA Tour , and in his first event , the John Deere Classic , he led after the second round . Even though Bryan did not end up winning the John Deere , he did finish tied for eighth and showed that he is clearly more than capable of competing at the highest level in golf .
This season is Bryan 's first full season on Tour , and in the 13 events he played in prior to last week , he had three top 10 finishes , had missed the cut in only four , and had earned around $ 820,000 .
On Sunday , after four rounds in the 60 's at Harbour Town in Hilton Head , South Carolina , Bryan 's home state , he earned himself three more years on the PGA Tour and a check for $ 1,170,000 . That 's not bad for a guy who finished tied for ninth at Q-school so he could play on the Web.com tour in 2016 .
After his win , Bryan was quite candid with the CBS crew about how he was feeling on the course .
“ Honestly , I was n't nervous at all , all day , and then No . 17 , I got up and honestly I just threw up a little bit in my mouth , and I was like , well , shoot , I guess this is what nervous feels like . ”
Bryan , who is the first player from South Carolina to win the event , is also the first player since Zach Johnson in 2004 to win on the PGA Tour in the season after being named Web.com Player of the Year .
Notes
Luke Donald finished in the top three for the seventh time . Like he said , he 's done everything but win at Harbour Town .
Ian Poulter needs to earn $ 30,624 in his next start , his last available while on a major-medical extension , to secure his PGA Tour card . If he can not , he 'll have to head to the European Tour or Web.com Tour .
Check out these businesses that became wildly successful -- despite turning down their 'Shark Tank ' offers .
Start Slideshow
This story originally appeared on GOBankingRates
On ABC 's Shark Tank show , entrepreneurs present their golden idea to a panel of business-savvy individuals . The entrepreneurs ' goal is to get at least one of the sharks to fund them , and the shark 's goal is to find a potentially good investment and own a piece of the business .
Related : The 15 Craziest Things These Billionaires Spend Their Money on
Click through to see the Shark Tank businesses that became wildly successful -- despite turning down their offer .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Crippling cuts to armed police guarding Britain 's nuclear arsenal could be “ catastrophic ” and “ harm national security , ” a leading officer will warn .
The MoD Police which guards key MoD assets including Trident , is to make the cuts to achieve a £12.5million saving the Defence Police Federation says .
Eamonn Keating , the national chairman of the DPF - which represents MoD police officers , says the move puts financial savings over complexes like Trident .
The force , whose officers are firearms trained , is understaffed with around 2,300 officers when it should have around 2,600 , according to the DPF .
( Photo : PA )
Mr Keating will tell the federation 's annual conference : “ After a decade of budget and personnel cuts , it beggars belief the MoD would demand a further £12.5million from the police force entrusted with guarding Trident .
“ And it 's simply unacceptable for the MoD Police leadership to find this saving by shifting the goalposts and imposing a real-terms cut in our number of officers .
“ We need to be very clear that , at a time of significant threat , this represents a reduction in the country 's armed policing capacity and is damaging to public safety and national security .
“ This ‘ reset ' is an ill-considered decision that prioritises cost over security , and makes no sense given the financial value of the assets we protect . ”
Mr Keating will warn there are fewer armed officers available for deployment in the event of a national incident as part of Operation Temperer - enacted just last month in the wake of the Manchester bombing .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
The MDP boasted around 2,600 officers a year ago , but the workforce had already been reduced by a third due to budget cuts in 2010 .
The federation will also call on the Government to provide further details on plans in the recent Conservative election manifesto for an “ Infrastructure Policing Force ” to be created through a merger of the MDP , the Civil Nuclear Constabulary and British Transport Police .
Mr Keating will add : “ The Government must urgently rethink this catastrophic decision that further undermines police officers hamstrung by fitness tests inappropriate to the job they do , and a pension age different to the Home Office and Armed Forces . ”
( Photo : PA )
The two-day conference is taking place at Stansted Airport in Essex .
An MoD spokesman said : “ We are confident that the strength of our force keeps our people , sites and equipment safe .
“ It also enables us to play our part in protecting the public , as we did when we supported Operation Temperer following the tragic events in Manchester last month . ”
Six houses worth a total of $ 3,633,630 changed hands in deeds filed with Town Clerk Barbara Serfilippi between Feb. 1 and Feb. 6 . The town received $ 9,084 in conveyance taxes from the transfers , which included :
252 Keeler Drive : Frank Amendola Jr. of Continental Drive to Taeyoung Choi and Eunji Li of Prospect Street , Feb. 1 , $ 534,000 .
42 Wilridge Road : William and Ann O'Brien of Olcott Way to Michael Cernak and Rachel Park , Feb. 1 , $ 303,500 .
8 Clayton Place : Michael Bresnan and Mary Sherry to David and Tracey Brady of Millstone Court , Feb. 2 , $ 1,068,380 .
58 Blue Ridge Road : Jordan El-Hag and Marissa Deangelis to Robert and Katherine Peckham of Thunder Hill Lane , Feb. 2 , $ 420,000 .
293 North Salem Road : Christiana Trust of Houston , Texas , to 293 North Salem Road LLC of Torrington , Feb. 3 , $ 582,750 .
3 Old Wagon Road : US Bank Trust of San Diego , Calif. , to Jordan El-Hag , Feb. 6 , $ 725,000 .
Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins today announced funding for 15 projects to increase charging facilities for electric vehicles and switch more trucks , buses and vans to electric power . The projects are the latest to be funded under the Low Emission Vehicles Contestable Fund , administered by the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority ( EECA ) . Ms Collins announced projects that were conditionally approved under the second round of the fund to receive $ 3 million . She also announced the opening of the next funding round with a further $ 3 million available . “ The projects we announced today show there 's an electric vehicle for almost every job , be it rental cars , waste trucks or courier vans . These options make more sense because of how cheap electric vehicles are to run and maintain and how easy they are to charge , ” Ms Collins said . “ We are investing nearly $ 1 million in charging infrastructure with projects on key tourism routes including Christchurch to Picton , Dunedin to Queenstown , and Queenstown to Invercargill . “ Also in the mix are exciting developments such as installing street charging for Wellington residents who do n't have a driveway or garage , and chargers that give buses a boost as they stop for passengers . “ The fund projects will add further momentum in New Zealand where more and more people and businesses are making the switch to electric vehicles. ” The fund is one of 14 initiatives in the Government 's Electric Vehicles Programme , which has a target of doubling the numbers of electric vehicles every year to reach 64,000 by the end of 2021 .
Anyone remembers CNG and LPG conversions ? Anyone remembers busses running on ethanol ? That was going to save us too .
In the end , the combustion engine is one of the most reliable , efficient and high performing engines available .
That 's not to say electric vehicles are bad for every situation . If you have someone that takes a car out of the garage two or three times a week to go bowling or get some shopping in town , electric vehicles will be just the ticket . It charges when it is at home , and it 's ready to go whenever you need it .
But if you want to go on holiday , or visit someone at the end of a lengthy road trip , the whole process falls to bits . Do n't see too many farmers driving the electric ute around either .
In fact , this is so early in development that it really is just a bit of a virtue signalling with some government-filled troughs for people to dip into .
The best thing for electric vehicles is that it sets an artificial price point at which petrol is no longer economical . If EV does make some headway , the petrol prices will drop to make it less economically viable .
I 'll tell you what . By the time Fonterra converts its whole tanker fleet to electric vehicles is when I believe that the economics , reliability , utility and range have arrived at a point where I need to give EVs need a second look .
Also , I 'd like to see Elon Musk enter a vehicle into and win the Paris to Dakar race . That in itself will place demands on design that will require a significant scientific breakthrough for it to succeed . Until we get to that next-level of EV tech , we need to be careful not to get too excited . Especially when throwing buckets of taxpayer money into troughs .
© Getty Images/KJN
`` Should the statements become a reality regarding alternative sources for gas instead of Russia , that will damage first and foremost the consumers , '' Novak told Bloomberg.According to the energy minister , '' Should any company or country opt for another supplier , I do n't think that [ the ] conditions will be as preferential or beneficial for them . `` Britain buys Russian gas through mainland Europe and has also bought from Russia 's brand-new liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) plant in Yamal , Siberia . Last year , Russia sold $ 2.85 billion worth of gas to the UK.The unusually cold winter and pipeline breakdowns have forced London to ask Moscow for help to cover the national gas shortage.The recent gas conflict between Russia and Ukraine , which led to the announcement of contract termination by Moscow , does not hurt Russia 's image as a reliable gas partner to Europe , Novak said . `` We can guarantee the compliance with our commitments . We have been doing this for 50 years already and we have necessary resources , capabilities and opportunities to ensure the long-term and reliable supply of our gas to Europe , '' he added.The minister insisted that gas transit through Ukraine can continue if Kiev offers `` competitive '' conditions for Gazprom .
Manchester United are back in the groove on the domestic front and fresh from seeing off Watford with ease this weekend now have their eyes firmly focused on European progression .
St Etienne stand between Mourinho 's men and the last-16 of the Europa League with Thursday 's first leg at Old Trafford likely to be crucial .
The Portuguese will be with us shortly and expect him to be quizzed on the team news , the latest injury updates , Pogba vs Pogba and everything else in between .
We will have all of that and more for you right here so do n't touch that dial .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Max Branning drops a massive bombshell in tonight 's explosive EastEnders .
The new car lot owner makes out he wants to mend bridges with his neighbours but has something shocking to reveal .
His return has not gone down well with the Albert Square residents , who hate him even more after they discover what he 's been up to .
Mick and Linda Carter , who have not forgiven him for nearly causing them to lose the pub , warn him to stay away from the Queen Vic .
But he managers to find a new ally in the form of Mel Owen , who lets him use the E20 club .
( Image : BBC )
He also has a reunion with Stacey , who is stunned by what she hears .
So what is Max 's big secret ?
Meanwhile , Tiffany fears she will be kicked out of Walford and tries to get on Whitney 's good side by arranging a video call with halfway .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
However , things do n't exactly go to plan as Halfway does n't answer , sparking fears for his safety .
Elsewhere , Arshad discovers that the CCTV around his house has been vandalised .
He warns Masood that they should call the police and the social services to protect baby Harvey .
* EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 7.30pm
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
David Beckham 's plan to build a multi-million pound soccer stadium in one of America 's worst ghettos is getting a kicking – from the people who live there .
Ex-Manchester United legend Becks dreams of creating a 25,000-seat home in Miami for his new Major League Soccer club based in the Florida city .
But he and his billionaire backers have chosen the rundown district of Overtown for their project – and are facing fierce opposition from locals .
Overtown is an area blighted by decades of neglect and historic racial tensions , infested by junkies , dealers , drunks , hookers , pimps , vandals and out-of-control gang yobs .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Miami Beckham United )
It is dubbed Miami 's “ Ground Zero ” for heroin abuse , with kids as young as ten succumbing to the opioid crisis Donald Trump has labelled the greatest scourge in America today .
More than 20 shots are fired in an average day and it has “ starred ” in US detective documentary First 48 Hours .
Yet the inhabitants of this godforsaken hellhole – notorious from coast to coast across the entire country – are up in arms about the bid to plonk a massive sports arena in their midst .
They claim the project 's backers are securing the land at cheap prices and fear the huge redevelopment will see many of them lose their homes .
( Image : MEGA )
( Image : MEGA )
They also believe that despite hundreds of jobs being created , virtually none will come their way .
And locals even forecast a rise in “ harassment ” from police protecting thousands of fans forced to walk through Overtown 's mean streets from rail stations to the stadium , which has no plans for a car park .
When Becks , the former England captain nicknamed Goldenballs , announced his dream he said he wanted to be “ a good neighbour ” .
He said : “ I do n't want to have any problems . We want to make people happy . This is a good positive story . ”
But even locals not violently against the project are baffled by it .
( Image : MEGA )
( Image : MEGA )
They can not understand why the developers want to come to an area that once bore the tag “ Harlem of the South ” in far-off better days when famed Afro-American singers performed in its bars and clubs .
And rather than a gleaming new football stadium for highly-paid players they would prefer to see decent affordable housing given to those living below the breadline , a new grocery store , health centre and school .
Mother-of-four Tarshmarnique Cannon , 32 , said : “ It makes you question why bring it to one of America 's worst ghettos . Of all the places they could have put it they want to build it in a town where crime is a way of life and locals endure a living hell . ”
( Image : MEGA )
( Image : MEGA )
A brief drive around the area showed scores of destitute people living under bridges , drinking out of bottles in brown paper bags or openly feeding their crack addiction from homemade pipes .
Less than half a mile away stand the plush high-rise blocks where the Miami MSL team 's players will no doubt live when the team launches in two years .
Last week the glaring contrast was highlighted at a public meeting in Overtown 's Reeves Park community centre .
More than 100 locals flocked to the meeting after organisers played a trick on them – boosting attendance by distributing flyers suggesting it was a protest against evictions .
( Image : MEGA )
( Image : MEGA )
Bishop James Adams of St John Institutional Missionary Baptist Church , who is leading the fight , apologised to the crowd for the ruse saying : “ It was to get your attention . ”
He said the stadium plan was by no means “ a done deal ” , telling residents : “ When there are drastic situations , we 've got to take drastic measures . ”
The developers , Miami Beckham United , have so far promised around 50 employment positions .
( Image : MEGA )
( Image : MEGA )
But campaigner Kimmi Saunders told the meeting : “ Guys , we have to stand up . A multi-million dollar stadium and they offer 50 jobs . They are going to make money we ca n't even imagine but they 're giving us nothing . ”
However a few locals hold out hope the project could lead to the area being gentrified and finding new civic pride .
Estylin Harrison , 30 , said : “ This area needs change , it needs progress . ”
My only source of Income is ‘ interest ' . I live in a rented house . I have an under-construction flat . Can I claim tax deduction on rent paid under section 80GG for AY2017-18 ? I have already filed my tax return ( ITR 1 ) . Can I file a revised return ? I do n't have a rent agreement or any receipts .
—Sangita Singh
You can claim tax deduction for the rent paid under section 80GG of the Act , but only if all the conditions prescribed ( including the circumstances in which claim can be made , ceiling of the tax deduction , etcetera ) are cumulatively met . If you or your spouse , minor child , or Hindu Undivided Family ( HUF ) of which you are a co-partner , own any house in the city you live in , you may not qualify for this tax deduction . You may also be ineligible for this deduction if you own a house in any other city if such house is not let out .
However , since the flat you own in another city is still under construction , you may still be eligible to seek this tax deduction until such time construction is completed . Once the construction is completed , your eligibility to get the tax deduction would depend on whether you let out the property you own . This tax deduction can not be claimed if the rent paid by you is less than 1 % of your total taxable income ( before claiming this deduction ) and is further capped to the lowest of Rs5,000 per month or 25 % of your taxable total income .
If you satisfy the above conditions , you will need to file a revised return along with a declaration in Form 10BA , any time before 31 March 2018 or before completion of assessment , whichever is earlier .
It would be advisable for you to keep the documents ( rental agreement and/or rental receipts ) evidencing the rent paid in case the tax authorities seek evidence at the time of scrutinizing your tax return . If the rent is paid in cash , you should obtain a rent receipt from your landlord .
I have been working in a nationalised bank since October 2016 . Before this I had worked in a private firm for 6 months and had to pay Rs1 lakh to be relieved . Can I deduct this amount from the total income for the purpose of filing income tax ?
—Nagendra Goyal
There is a school of thought that “ notice pay ” recovered from an employee in connection with termination of the employment contract can be reduced from taxable salary income . A recent judicial pronouncement by the Tax Tribunal in Ahmedabad supports such a claim .
However , since there are no express provisions in the Indian tax law that permit the reduction of notice pay , such a claim could be litigious .
Parizad Sirwalla is partner ( tax ) , KPMG . Queries and views at mintmoney @ livemint.com
Tata Power 's SED division designs , develops and produces strategic defence systems . Photo : Priyanka Parashar/Mint
Mumbai : Mint brings to you your daily dose of top deals reported by newsrooms across the country .
Mercator plans to carve out dredging business
Mercator Ltd is planning to carve out its dredging operations into a separate unit and plans to raise as much as $ 200 million from financial and strategic investors for that business , reports Mint , citing two people aware of the matter . The company has hired investment banker Singhi Advisors to manage the process . Read more
Syntel telecom signs deal to buy Enkay Technologies ' two units
Syntel Telecom Ltd , a unit of Arvind Ltd , has signed a deal to buy two divisions of Enkay Technologies ( India ) Pvt . Ltd , two persons aware of the development said , reports Mint . Mumbai-based investment bank Singhi Advisors was the sole adviser in the transaction . The deal value could not be ascertained . Read more
Bajaj Finance hires three banks to start $ 700 million QIP
Bajaj Finance Ltd has hired three investment banks and started work on a qualified institutional placement ( QIP ) to raise around $ 700 million ( Rs4,500 crore ) , reports Mint , citing two people aware of the development . It has hired investment banks JM Financial , Kotak Mahindra Capital and Goldman Sachs to manage its institutional share sale . Read more
APM terminals to sell gateway terminal to Adani and JSW
APM Terminals is in talks with Adani Group and JSW Group to sell the Dutch company 's 74 % stake in Gateway Terminals India Pvt . Ltd ( GTI ) , reports Mint , citing three people familiar with the discussions . Gateway Terminals , in which Container Corp. of India Ltd ( Concor ) owns the remaining 26 % stake , is India 's largest container terminal , accounting for almost a fifth of the country 's container traffic . Read more
Milestone buys half of IT park in Pune for Rs160 crore
Private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has acquired half of an IT park building in Kharadi business district of Pune for over Rs160 crore , reports Economic Times . Milestone has entered this transaction with an entry yield of around 9.5 % to the property . The building is next to EON IT Park and all of its 2.30 lakh sq.ft office space is leased to multinational companies with periodic rental escalations . Read more
Tata to carve out engineering division of its power company
The Tata Group is said to be exploring plans to hive off the strategic engineering division ( SED ) of Tata Power Company as part of a strategy to consolidate its defence businesses , reports ET . Tata Power 's SED division designs , develops and produces strategic defence systems . It is a prime contractor to the ministry of defence for indigenous defence production . Read more
Saudi Arabia favours NY for Aramco IPO
Saudi Arabia favours New York for the main foreign listing of state oil giant Aramco , even though some financial and legal advisers have recommended London as a less problematic and risky option , people familiar with the matter told Reuters . Read more
Dixon Tech to raise Rs700 crore through IPO in September
Contract manufacturer Dixon Technologies plans to hit the capital markets in the first week of September for raising nearly Rs700 crore through a public offer , which will make the Noida-based company the first Indian mobile phone producer to be listed since the launch of the “ Make in India ” programme , reports ET . Read more
Bob Dylan to Inflict Endurance Test
Bob Dylan hates us , and to prove his point , his next album has been announced as a 3-LP/3-CD set comprised entirely of more “ American Standards ” as only Bob can decimate them . This , of course , follows two similar but thankfully more succinct collections of reworked Sinatra schmaltz , Shadows in the Night ( 2015 ) and Fallen Angels ( 2016 ) , both of which were by and large wastes of wax for anyone other than the usual boring middle aged white guys who gladly gobble up whatever platter fulla turds His Bobness shoves their way . You know who you are .
Triplicate will illuminate , as the press release from Columbia Records puts it with nary a hint of irony , Dylan 's “ artistry as a vocalist , arranger and bandleader , ” on well-worn standards from an array of American songwriters , ranging from “ Stormy Weather ” to “ September of My Years , ” from “ These Foolish Things ” to “ Sentimental Journey ” and many more , too many . Thirty songs , to be precise , divided thematically into groups of ten each on the three discs .
It 's clear that Bob is suddenly intent on taking over the mantle left by the retired Leon Redbone , or perhaps he 's attempting to outdo Rod Stewart 's “ Great American Songbook ” series . In any case , wake us up if he ever decides to try and write a tune of his own again .
How newspapers around the world handled the Yonge Street van attack
How newspapers around the world handled the Yonge Street van attack
Yesterday 's van attack on Yonge Street shocked the city . The alleged perpetrator , Alek Minassian , appeared in court this morning , where he was charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . Meanwhile , newspaper readers around the world are gazing at front pages filled with scenes of carnage . Here 's what those front pages look like .
First , the Canadian papers .
The Globe went with a full-length aerial shot of the scene :
The Star has a few powerful photos , paired with a Rosie DiManno opinion piece :
The National Post zoomed in on a single , blanket-covered body :
The Sun decided to dispense with the pun headlines today :
The Halifax Chronicle Herald led with an image of the taped-off crime scene :
The Winnipeg Free Press had the same wire image and story :
Le Journal de Québec gave over its cover to the attack :
The attack also had prominent placement in many U.S. newspapers .
The Washington Post took a break from Donald Trump for the day :
It was a big day for this one particular Canadian Press photograph :
Here it is again on the front of the Miami Herald :
The Hartford Courant used a different shot :
The New York Daily News broke out the giant font :
As did the New York Post :
The Times were , as usual , more restrained :
The attack also appeared on the front pages of a couple major dailies in Ireland . Here 's the Irish Times :
And the Irish Examiner :
And here 's how the news looked in Iceland :
Collinson FX Market Commentary - Jan 2 - New Year data to define 2017
Start of PIC Coastal Classic - October 21 , 2016 - Oki © Richard Gladwell Start of PIC Coastal Classic - October 21 , 2016 - Oki © Richard Gladwell www.photosport.co.nz
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/150845
by Collinson FX today at 12:53 amJan 2 - The New Year will open with a plethora of global economic data releases , headlined by Manufacturing and Services PMI , closing with Employment numbers.The data releases should define market direction to commence 2017 along with speculation of global economic conditions and Central Bank reaction . The year should see interest rates on the move north led by the USA , which should be reflected in the US Dollar.The EUR will start the year at 1.0500 , while the Yen will trade 117.00 . The AUD will be above 0.7200 , while the NZD sits around 0.6900 , with both vulnerable to a surging US Dollar .
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) _ The Nebraska Cornhuskers ' athletics department plans to fund a new scholarship program for nonathletes .
University of Nebraska-Lincoln Chancellor Ronnie Green and Athletics Director Shawn Eichorst announced the Husker Scholars program at the university system Board of Regents meeting Friday . Green says Nebraska Athletics will contribute $ 5 million annually to help keep an education from the university “ affordable and accessible . ”
He says the first scholarships will be awarded in time for the 2018-19 school year .
Eichorst says the scholarships are made possible through the loyal Husker fan base , which helped the department generate $ 112 million in revenue in 2015-16 , compared with overall expenses of $ 104 million .
“ Affirm Inc. , a startup from PayPal co-founder Max Levchin , is going after millennials with a new kind of credit card alternative that only exists online , ” Julie Verhage reports for Bloomberg . “ People can sign up through the website or at checkout on some web stores for financing from Affirm that 's paid off in monthly installments . On Monday , the company said it 's making the micro-lending program available through Apple Pay , letting customers tap their iPhones to pay in brick-and-mortar stores . ”
“ This essentially makes Affirm a credit card provider without physical cards or credit scores , ” Verhage reports . “ The San Francisco-based company pitches itself as superior to traditional credit cards from American Express Co. or Visa Inc. because it 's transparent about fees and charges no interest on purchases from more than 150 retailers . ”
“ After starting PayPal with Peter Thiel two decades ago , Levchin has dabbled in an array of businesses , ” Verhage reports . “ In 2012 , he returned to his roots in financial technology with Affirm . Venture capitalists are willing to follow Levchin where ever he goes . Affirm is backed by more than $ 700 million from Thiel 's Founders Fund and other investors . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Rolling one 's shirt sleeves is not something many men do with intention , but this seemingly simple habit can have a big impact on your look.So in this guide , we 're going to discuss a few methods for rolling up your sleeves when you still want to look elegant and how to avoid looking like you 're ready for a fist fight .
History of the Rolled Sleeve
Men are rolling up their sleeves before hitting an opponent is the old cliche from movies and television shows , but there are many legitimate reasons to consider rolling your shirt sleeves up . It may be to avoid getting them dirty , wet or stained , or to cool off on a hot day . Nowadays , a rolled shirtsleeve is often employed by high-level executives and politicians in an attempt to portray that they are an everyday guy . Clearly , rolled shirtsleeves can make a statement .
For many years it was considered poor etiquette to roll your sleeves . Part of this was because it looked sloppy for an elegant gentleman to roll up his sleeves , part was due to the protection the shirt sleeve gave from the coarser fabric of the tailcoat or morning coat , and finally , it was because it really did n't make a difference . The coat worn over the shirt was far bulkier , and it was in poor taste to remove one 's jacket before retiring at home .
However , when the prep trends hit the Northeast United States and affluent young men were rebelling against their fathers who wore suits to check the mail , it became less important to keep a jacket on . It was a regular sight on college campuses for men to be seen with their blazer draped over their arm . It was a way to beat the heat in the summer , look cool with strong forearms showing and separate their style from the men who did n't remove their tie until changing for bed . What initially began decades prior with the working class was gradually becoming a trend in the affluent ivy league schools . Soon it was n't just being done outdoors . The trend continued , and as Hollywood stars like James Dean and Steve McQueen wore their sleeves rolled up , it became a way for the dapper preppy to look masculine , of-the-moment and perhaps even a bit tough . Today , rolling up your sleeves is done for a few reasons .
It keeps your sleeves clean if you have to play in the dirt or prevents them from getting wet when washing your hands or cleaning off your car . It keeps you cool on a hot and humid day . It is a style faux pas to wear a short sleeve dress shirt , but not a dress shirt with rolled sleeves It makes a more formal outfit casual if the venue changes such as going from the boardroom to a bar for drinks with friends .
The Dos and Don'ts of Rolling Up Your Sleeves
Do 's
DO embrace a wrinkle here or there . It should n't look like the shirt has been cuffed and you bought it that way . DO keep the sleeve rolled up to the forearm or just above the elbow . No higher or lower for a dress shirt , or it is simply the wrong choice of shirt . DO fold your sleeves . It minimizes wrinkles and looks more polished and less sloppy . DO keep the sleeves even . Do n't leave one two inches lower than the other . DO undo any buttons or remove the cufflinks before you fold . DO remove your vest if you have one on .
Don'ts
DO N'T leave your shirt sleeves folded while wearing a jacket over top . DO N'T roll up jacket sleeves unless you 're deliberately going for the Miami Vice look . DO N'T just shove the sleeves up . Avoid having random buttons sticking out or the cuff hanging off your arm .
When and When Not to Roll Your Sleeves Up
When to Roll Your Sleeves
It is acceptable to roll your sleeves up when :
You need to protect your sleeves from water , dust or dirt such as washing your hands , helping to move office furniture or rendering first aid It is hot or humid and you 're outside When eating foods that could easily make a mess such as crab legs , a hot dog or a hamburger at lunch . When transitioning to a casual atmosphere in business attire such as meeting friends or your date at the pub or coming home to your family without having time to change . When spending time with your children or pets before and after work . When in the privacy of your own office with the door closed . While commuting or traveling .
It is wise to avoid rolling up your sleeves when :
You are in a formal office environment . During any interactions with your boss or a client . During any type of meeting , including dinner meetings or luncheons ( at which point you should skip messy food anyway ) When wearing any other garments on your upper body such as a jacket or a vest . At any formal or somber event such as a wedding , funeral or even a cocktail party . When wearing black tie , white tie or morning wear .
How to Roll Your Sleeves
There are many techniques that offer various looks . Here are three methods we recommend because they 're slightly more stylish and elegant than the rest .
The Classic Fold
For years , the U.S. Marines have rolled their sleeves . Unlike other folds , the Marine-style cuff is done on purpose , ideally before you put the shirt on . We rarely recommend this as it 's not elegant to wear your collared shirt rolled up all day . If that 's the case , there 's no point in wearing business attire . Just put on a polo shirt and call it a day .
However , if you have the privacy and the need to roll up your sleeves – and you 're wearing an undershirt – quickly remove your shirt and consider the Marine cuff .
This only works with a shirt that is n't wrinkled . Just as you would place the sleeve while ironing it , flatten out the sleeve on a clean table such as your desk or a dry restroom counter . At the seam where the cuff of the shirt begins – and with the buttons unfastened – fold the sleeve up with the stitching of the shirt cuff as the seam so the inside of the cuff is now facing out . Straighten the fold , making sure both the bottom and the top are straight and flat . Repeat the same process and fold it up once more , duplicating the initial fold . Straight it out and put on the shirt .
The Italian Method
This style works very well with fashion-forward dress shirts that use a contrasting fabric for the inside of the shirt 's cuff . It adds a bit of sprezzatura to the look and is understated but noticeable at the same time .
While wearing the shirt , unbutton the cuff and fold it so the cuff is roughly an inch past your elbow . This should be a fairly long fold as you are only folding it once . Next , flip the bottom of the sleeve closest to your hand over so it creates another fold and shortens the length of the rolled cuff . However , make sure that you only roll it about an inch less than the first roll . This way , about an inch of the sleeve 's cuff will poke past the fold . This adds layer and dimension to the roll and showcases a glimpse of the lining 's fabric to add a bold dash of flair to your outfit .
The Quick Roll
This is ideal for a quick trip to the restroom where you need to wash your hands or if you 're worried about mustard hitting your sleeve after getting lunch from the hot dog cart by your office .
Undo all the buttons on your sleeve . Turn the cuff up just under your elbow and then fold the edge of the cuff by flipping it down into the cuff so it 's tucked in . Roll the sleeve up by flipping folding it over itself .
This style is far more casual but is quick and easy to do in a time crunch . We do n't recommend doing it for long periods of time , though .
How to Avoid Wrinkles
The finer the fabric and the quality of shirt , the more you have to worry about wrinkles . Here are a few tips to ensure you do n't get wrinkles that will be noticeable after unrolling your sleeves .
Never keep your sleeves rolled up longer than necessary . Immediately unroll them once you no longer need them cuffed . Never leave buttons fastened or cufflinks in when rolling your shirt . Rather than actually rolling the sleeve , fold it and make sure it 's neat and not creased or bulging . Never hang up a shirt or launder a shirt that is still rolled . Make sure the shirt is n't wrinkled prior to rolling up your sleeve.appear
Conclusion
Now you know how to roll your sleeves up properly . The three techniques , if done properly , should give you a sharp roll without sliding down or appearing sloppy . Just remember not to do it regularly with high-quality dress shirts as any rolling will stretch the fabric slightly with each fold . How do you fold your shirts ?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
According to the most recent data from the Office of National Statistics , from November 2017 , the average UK house price now stands at £226,071 .
However , the same data shows Cambridge house prices increased by 16.4 per cent to an average of £461,890 . This number may already be outdated , as we 've previously reported that Rightmove has listed the average Cambridge house price as being in excess of £500,000 .
So , with this in mind , what can you actually buy in Cambridge for the price of the average British property , and how does this compare to the rest of the country ? Here 's the latest in our series of price comparisons .
Cambridge
There are a number of properties currently up for grabs in Cambridge that are slightly under the national average , at £225,000 . First up , a two bedroom top floor flat ( pictured above ) in Ekin Road , positioned close to the River Cam and the city centre .
The property benefits from a balcony and a private garden , in addition to the double bedrooms .
There are four other properties for sale at this price ; a one-bedroom flat in Ditton Lane , a one bedroom maisonette in St Bedes Gardens , another one-bedroom flat in Sturton Street and a one-bedroom house in Bagot Place .
Surprisingly , the prices of the flats and maisonettes above are in line with the national average of £224,390 . However , the terraced house is above the national average of £187,278 .
Manchester
For £226,000 , £71 below the national average , you can also pick up an apartment in Manchester .
However , the difference here is that this two-bedroom apartment is a new build property , that 's fully furnished with a contemporary design throughout - the only catch is that it is being sold as an investment property .
For below the UK average , you 'll be able to pick up noted properties including a three bedroom semi-detached townhouse ( pictured above ) , with features including a modern fitted kitchen , rear garden and a private rear driveway - all for £220,000 .
Liverpool
Priced at just £27 below the average UK house price , you can pick up a two bedroom luxury apartment in the heart of Liverpool city centre .
The high-end development offers stunning waterfront views , strong security and unrivalled concierge services , as well as high class accommodation .
For below the average price , for approximately £220,000 , you can pick up a plethora of stunning homes including a three bedroom detached home in the suburb of Huyton ( well below the £356,726 national average for a detached property ) , just under eight miles outside of the city centre . This new build property is pictured above .
Other properties worth mentioning that are slightly below the national average are a two bedroom semi-detached bungalow and another spacious semi-detached home with five bedrooms . Both are on the market for £220,000 .
Leeds
For something with a little prestige , you can pick up a penthouse apartment ( pictured above ) in a converted Victorian property in Leeds for less than the average UK house price .
The property is located in the neighbourhood of Chapel Allerton , and boasts many original features in addition to the expansive renovations .
Other properties of note that are below the national average include a charming three-bedroom bungalow in Rothwell , a three bedroom semi in LS27 and a two bedroom terraced house in Horsforth .
Newcastle
There are a multitude of properties currently priced in the £225,000 region for sale in Newcastle , which are the closest priced properties to the national average .
The most noteworthy of these is a detached home described as `` immaculate '' , which is over £100,000 cheaper than the £356,726 national average for a detached home .
Other properties of note include another detached home in the same development as the above property ( also offered for £250,000 ) , while closer to the city centre , you can pick up a four bedroom semi ( pictured above ) for the same price .
Edinburgh
In terms of value for money , Edinburgh is probably the closest city to Cambridge on this list . Our pick of the properties priced closest to the national average in the Scottish capital is this two-bedroom flat in the city 's Joppa district . This period property is available for £225,000 , and is located just to the North East of the city centre .
Other properties available in line with the national average include a four bedroom terraced house , but dip below the standard asking price , and you 'll be able to buy a new build two-bedroom apartment ( pictured above ) for £221,995 .
Glasgow
Another noteworthy detached property that 's over £100,000 cheaper than the national average for a detached home , as well as being slightly under the national average for a property in general .
Glenbuchat at Newton Farm is a new build four bedroom home offering contemporary accommodation in a quaint location .
The property is located approximately 12 miles from the city centre , which could explain the relatively affordable price of £225,995 .
This is n't the only residential property on a new build development available below the national average ; you can get a three bedroom detached house in the innovative Calderpark Gardens development for £220,000 , or for something a little different , a recently extended semi-detached villa is available at the same price .
Cardiff
The properties priced closest to the national average are all just over £1,000 beneath the national average , priced at £225,000 apiece .
Of these , one of the more impressive can be found in Pontprennau , just over six miles from the city centre ; a three bedroom semi that has been recently renovated inside and out , with a contemporary fitted kitchen and bathroom , and a landscaped garden .
Closer to the city itself , there are alternatives ; a two-bedroom apartment in the sought-after Celestia development , and a three bedroom terraced home are both available for £220,000 .
Birmingham
Properties closest to the average price over in the UK 's second largest city include a three bedroom detached house , which is one of several homes currently available for £225,000 .
As for properties below the asking price , you have a plethora of choices .
There 's a new build detached home overlooking open fields in a highly desirable new development , and a luxury three bedroom semi on an exclusive development that overlooks Victoria Park .
By TODD RICHMOND , Associated Press writer
Wisconsin legislators will start their next two-year session with plenty of pomp and circumstance Tuesday but the honeymoon will end quickly as lawmakers dive into a thicket of divisive budget issues .
Some key things to know about the upcoming session :
MEET THE NEW BOSSES , SAME AS THE OLD
Republicans rode President-elect Donald Trump 's momentum to their largest majorities in both the Senate and Assembly in decades . The GOP goes into the session with a 64-35 advantage in the Assembly , their largest since 1957 , and a 20-13 edge in the Senate , their largest since 1971 . Republicans re-elected Assembly Speaker Robin Vos and Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald to their leadership posts days after the results came in . Republicans have now held complete control of state government since Gov . Scott Walker took office in 2011 . The party will be free again to pass whatever it can agree upon internally .
INAUGURATION DAY
The session kicks off Tuesday with legislators taking the oath of office . The day is full-fledged production , complete with corsages for lawmakers , prayers and judges swearing them in . Then come handshakes , back-slapping and photos with family members and other well-wishers .
WHEN WILL THE GLOVES COME OFF ?
Almost immediately . Republican Gov . Scott Walker gives his State of the State speech a week later , on Jan. 10 .
Governors typically use the speech to outline their priorities and introduce new programs and initiatives , sending ripples cascading across the state .
In February he 's expected to introduce the executive version of the 2017-19 state budget .
Deliberations on the budget will consume the Legislature through mid-summer .
If the State of the State speech is a thunderstorm , the budget is a hurricane as both parties try to fund key constituencies or protect them from cuts .
BUT IF REPUBLICANS ARE IN CHARGE , WILL THE BUDGET BATTLE BE THAT BAD ?
The stage is already set for GOP infighting .
The hottest topic will be how to fund road projects . The state pays for roads with the transportation fund , which is built on gas tax revenue and vehicle registration fees .
The fund faces a $ 1 billion shortfall but Walker , who faces re-election in 2018 , has said he wo n't raise the gas tax or fees to make up the difference .
Instead he has said his budget will delay major projects and rely on borrowing .
Assembly Republicans have said the governor 's plan is a short-term political solution . They say all potential revenue increases should be on the table , including raising the gas tax and imposing tolls .
The governor also has promised to increase funding for the University of Wisconsin System after cutting it by $ 250 million and extending an in-state tuition freeze in the last budget .
But the system has become a popular punching bag for Republican lawmakers , raising questions about what , if anything , the system will end up getting .
Some GOP lawmakers are already saying the system does n't deserve any additional money as long as a course on racism called “ The Problem of Whiteness ” is offered as planned this spring at UW-Madison .
WHAT ELSE IS ON THE GOP AGENDA ?
Budget deliberations will consume lawmakers until mid-summer , when the Legislature 's budget committee finalizes revisions and kicks it to the full Senate and Assembly for approval . After that , anything could happen .
Some Republicans have talked about preventing candidates with no chance of winning from requesting election recounts after the Green Party 's Jill Stein forced a pre-Christmas recount of Wisconsin 's presidential election that changed nothing . Assembly Speaker Robin Vos has talked about limiting early voting times and locations , even though a federal judge struck down attempts to do just that last session .
Republicans also are expected to resurrect failed bills forcing transgender students to use bathrooms that correspond to their gender at birth , and to allow concealed weapons in college classrooms and on school grounds .
Lawmakers also could be forced to redraw their district boundaries after a federal judge in November tossed out GOP-drawn lines . They also could be forced to grapple with the fallout if Trump repeals President Barack Obama 's health care reforms .
KEY DATES
State of the State speech : Jan. 10 .
First floor session : Jan. 17 .
Governor 's budget introduction : Late February .
Final legislative budget approval : Late June or early July .
Last scheduled floor session : May 9 , 2018 .
HOW TO GET INVOLVED :
The Wisconsin Legislature 's website , allows visitors to track bills ' progress . It also offers a list of all legislators , their phone numbers and their email addresses .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Washington 14 12 .538 8 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 12 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 12 .538 7 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston 91 , Detroit 81
Indiana 126 , Denver 116 , OT
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A rookie NFL kicker struggling to find immediate consistency is n't a sexy storyline . When said kicker was taken by a team that traded up to take him in the second round , it 's much more compelling . Enter Roberto Aguayo , who was set up to fail .
And fail he did , going 22-of-31 on field goal attempts for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2016 , with a few missed PATs to boot . His brief and high-profile erraticism forced Bucs general manager Jason Licht to cut bait and admit defeat .
Aguayo , once the picture of reliability , is the face of uncertainty . The Chicago Bears decided to take a chance on the 23-year-old and are praying he regains the form shown at Florida State . It 's not a cheap gamble as they must pony up $ 428,000 in guaranteed money this year .
If I were a betting man , I 'd be on the side of this rebuilding effort becoming a great success . It 's easy to believe a change in scenery and a change in conversation could be just what the doctor ordered for Aguayo .
From the very beginning , he was a sideshow . He undoubtably enjoyed going far too early in the draft as would any player . But he did n't exactly ask to be judged by a different standard than any other young kicker coming into the league .
The inherent pressure of backing up his 59th overall selection was obvious . Kickers , of course , are paid to navigate both physical and mental challenges . Their specialized skill requires great cerebral soundness . Aguayo assuredly bears most of the responsibility for his failure .
But few , if any , of his colleagues have had third-party observers openly rooting for them to miss wide right , left , and short in the interest of seeing egg caked on the faces of a front office . Taking out any emotion , it is a good story to watch a common fantasy football drafting mistake play out on an actual Sunday gridiron .
Aguayo had an even shorter leash and no time to find his sea legs . His practice misfires were chronicled and fretted over . Once he showed the first signs of cracking , he was jumped on like a wounded animal . Placekickers also bleed .
Comparing what Aguayo does to what a quarterback or offensive lineman does is an apple and orange exercise . But think about if a second-round position player had only 65 plays to prove himself . Think about how small of a sample size that is . If you 're willing to go even further down the line , imagine a baseball prospect being written off after 65 at-bats .
Aguayo was operating in the main ring of a circus , put on a pedestal whether he liked it or not and asked to perform with no net . The potential pitfalls were easy to predict .
It 's hard not to see his disastrous tenure as a very human thing and feel some compassion . An optimist has cause to believe Tampa Bay could be a blip on the radar some day . A realist realizes a lot of Aguayo 's reputation has already been baked , fair or otherwise .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer , a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night .
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon , and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit .
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game , the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury .
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2-1 ) .
Advertisement
Jerry Blevins ( 4-0 ) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
TOLLAND , CONN. — April 24 , 2018 — Transformation in the fashion industry from physical to digital processes is happening quicker than consumers ' demands continue to increase . “ This is an exciting time for fashion — and a demanding one , ” said Mary McFadden , executive director of CAD for Gerber Technology . “ With faster fashion cycles , brands and manufacturers need to digitize their processes to stay competitive and the new version of the AccuMark Platform allows a fully integrated design workflow that translates to the manufacturing equipment . ”
The AccuMark 11 Platform allows companies to embrace their digital reality – giving them tools from design , grading , marker making , 3D simulation to production – allowing efficiency throughout the entire workflow .
Software advancements include :
AccuMark 2D – more than 259 new features including digital print file creation that is automated with batch processing . Enhancements in Version 11 allow AccuMark users to customize and scale image placement and save patterns in full scale PDF formats . Version 11 also supports increased image sizes , notch types in digital print files and longer marker lengths .
AccuMark 3D – version 11 includes the integration of the Avametric fabric simulation engine which not only enhances the realism of fabric thickness and draping it also connects 3D for design with e-Commerce for virtual try on leading to measurably higher shopper conversion rates . A new library of avatars has also been added that includes extended sizes for women up to U.S. size 24 and men up to U.S. size 58 .
AccuPlan™ – V11 continues to expand on integrating the manufacturing workflow from ERP order to finished product . With AccuPlan V11 , users can now customize a work order containing the elements that are needed to import work orders from their ERP system . AccuMark , AccuNest™ and AccuPlan together with equipment from Gerber allow for end-to-end management of production orders via integrated cut tickets , and customers can view production efficiency data via GERBERconnect™ .
“ Whether you are upgrading your existing AccuMark or purchasing a completely new system , Version 11 of the AccuMark Platform will enhance design throughput , ” continued McFadden . “ Capabilities in digital printing and 3D for fast fashion cycles will help companies stay on trend by delivering new lines to consumers rapidly . ”
The AccuMark Platform includes a family of products designed to help companies unleash creative vision and embrace their digital reality . The software is the gold standard for intelligent pattern design , grading , marker making and production planning . It helps increase productivity and accelerate time to market .
Posted April 24 , 2018
Source : Gerber Technology
Richmond Local Area Command Police have since Friday posted these images on their Facebook page , seeking community assistance . Christian Buchanan is known to visit Nimbin .
Richmond Local Area Command Police have since Friday posted these images on their Facebook page , seeking community assistance . Christian Buchanan is known to visit Nimbin . Henderson , David John
POLICE have over the weekend released a number of mugshots of people known to frequent the Northern Rivers area and wanted on warrants of arrest .
Richmond Local Area Command Police have since Friday posted these images on their Facebook page , seeking community assistance .
If you can recognise any of these women and men , and assist the police in locating them , please contact your local police station or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
All calls are confidential .
1 . Christian Buchanan .
Mr Buchanan is 43 years old .
He is known to visit Nimbin . He also frequents Campbelltown , Lake Munmorah and Nambucca Heads .
If you see Mr Buchanan contact your local police station without delay .
2 . Rose Kelly .
Ms Kelly is 18 years old and lives in Ballina .
Richmond Local Area Command Police have since Friday posted these images on their Facebook page , seeking community assistance . Henderson , David John
3 . Ashley Morcom .
Mr Morcom lives in Alstonville .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jonathan Rhys Meyers and his partner Mara Lane have shared the first public picture of their baby boy , who was born in January 2017 .
Their little son , who is thought to be called Wolf , is the first child for both of them , after Mara was seen with a large baby bump in September last year .
At the time , a source close to the couple revealed they were `` so excited '' to become parents .
A source told the Irish Sun : `` They are both delighted and ca n't wait for the arrival of a tiny tot into their lives .
`` They are very loved up and are so excited . ''
( Photo : Getty )
And now the pair have given their fans a first look at baby Wolf , with Mara sharing a picture of the sleepy newborn on her Instagram account .
`` Valentine 's Day everyday , '' she captioned the photo , which had `` Happy Valentine 's Day , Mommy . I love you . Love , Wolfie , '' over the top of the image .
`` # DaddyHelpedMeMakeThisCard in # BabyBliss # SleepyBabyBoy # AngelChild # LoveAndPeace to everyone , '' she added .
( Photo : Instagram/Jonathan Rhys-Meyers )
The 39-year-old Tudors star popped the question to Mara back in 2014 and the pair recently sparked speculation that they got hitched in secret .
Mara changed her name on her Instagram profile to Mara Lane Rhys Meyers , the Irish Mirror reported at the time .
Back in May 2016 , the stunner shared a picture of flowers on her social media page captioned : `` Thank you for my Mother 's Day flowers the best Hubby , J . ''
( Photo : Getty )
Meanwhile Jonathan was also pictured wearing a ring on his wedding finger in June .
The actor , who has struggled with an addiction to booze in the past , sparked concern in 2015 when he was pictured in London drinking vodka in public while looking worse for wear .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Pacific Coast News / Barcroft Media )
( Photo : FameFlynet.uk.com )
The actor , who had been sober for four years before the relapse , later apologised to fans through Mara 's Instagram account .
He wrote : `` Mara and I are thankful for your support and kindness during this time .
`` I apologise for having a minor relapse and hope that people do n't think too badly of me . ''
Cal 's women 's basketball coach says Southwest Airlines asked her to `` prove '' that her biracial son was hers before boarding a flight from Denver to Oakland .
In a series of tweets Monday , coach Lindsay Gottlieb wrote that an employee at Southwest 's ticket counter asked for proof that she is Jordan Gottlieb Martin 's mother in the form of a birth certificate . Gottlieb claimed that the Southwest employee , who cited `` federal law , '' then asked her to `` prove I 'm ( his ) mother with ( a ) Facebook post . ''
`` She said because we have ( a ) different last name , '' Gottlieb wrote in one tweet . `` My guess is ( it 's ) because he has a different skin color . ''
In a subsequent statement provided to USA TODAY Sports through an athletic-department spokesperson , the 40-year-old coach called the interaction `` uncomfortable and hurtful . ''
`` I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say , 'Hey , this is n't OK , ' '' Gottlieb said in the statement . `` We had a passport that verified our son 's age and identity , and both parents were present . But still being pushed further to 'prove ' that he was my son felt disrespectful and motivated by more than just concern for his well-being . ''
@ SouthwestAir I 'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son , ticket counter personnel told me I had to “ prove ” that he was my son , despite having his passport . She said because we have different last name . My guess is because he has a different skin color . — Lindsay Gottlieb ( @ CalCoachG ) May 28 , 2018
Gottlieb said she reached out to Southwest Airlines on social media and they quickly apologized , telling her that they would use the interaction as a `` coaching '' moment .
In a statement provided to USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday morning , the airline company said it had corresponded with Gottlieb to address her concerns and spoken to the employee involved .
`` We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention , '' Southwest Airlines said in the statement . `` Our employees are well-regarded for their hospitality , and we always strive for the best experience for anyone who entrusts us with their family 's travel .
`` Southwest Airlines ' policy is to verify lap children are younger than the age of two by reviewing a birth certificate or government issued identification . Certain international locations require us to verify additional paperwork for those travelling with a minor . Domestic travel does not require carriers to match last names of a child and guardian . ''
This family is on a holiday weekend adventure to support @ Kenzie4bs at @ usabasketball U18 trials . 💙💛🐻 pic.twitter.com/cbAcRdKyhJ — Lindsay Gottlieb ( @ CalCoachG ) May 26 , 2018
Gottlieb has guided the Golden Bears to six NCAA tournament appearances in seven seasons as their head coach , including a trip to the Final Four in 2013 . She met her fiancé , Patrick Martin , who is black , in 2014 , and their son turned 1 earlier this month .
Gottlieb , who is one of several mothers who also work as Division I women 's basketball coaches , said she appreciated Southwest 's response but was nevertheless hurt by what occurred .
`` While it was upsetting and emotional , I realize that this was just one day of my life where I was uncomfortable and our family was made to feel 'less than ' whereas others face similar situations on a daily basis , '' she said in the statement .
`` I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how 'traditional ' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect . ''
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A groom filmed the terrifying moment his bride was attacked by a shark while the couple were on honeymoon in the Caribbean .
The footage shows Sarah Illig snorkeling above shoals of fish when a shark swims straight towards her and bites her outstretched arm .
Sarah recoils in horror from the large predator , pulls her arm free and swims as fast as she can back to the boat .
Her husband Evan Carroll was filming her swim , and she initially thought that the shark 's presence was her husband playing a prank .
`` Mid snorkeling with the sharks I felt a whoosh of water , something clamp down on my arm and assumed my husband was playing a prank of me , '' she said .
`` Less than a second later I realized how much it hurt and looked past where my goggles were blocking my side vision to see the shark ( bigger than myself ) latched on to my arm , '' she added .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
Sarah , from Charleston , South Carolina , US , said that as she yanked her arm free just as the 5ft nurse shark released its grip .
`` Nurse shark 's typically never bite unless provoked via tail pulling , feeding , etc . but there was no tail pulling or feeding during my snorkel with them ( as you can clearly see via video ) , '' she said .
( Image : Facebook )
Writing on Insatagram , Sarah added : `` Ended the hunnaymoon with a bang ( bite ) check out the surprise and very rare nurse Shark bite in the video and do n't forget the volume to hear the crunchhhhh . ''
The Mineola Board of Trustees approved a special use permit at its Feb. 8 meeting for an adult dance studio on Jericho Turnpike .
Kyle Volkof , who will operate the studio at 75 East Jericho Tpke. , said it will primarily serve engaged couples who are seeking lessons for their first wedding dance . He said typically the couples would have five or six one-hour lessons .
Volkof has had a dance studio in Forest Hills serving the same kind of clientele for the past 15 years and sees a reason to add a second location because of the demand for his services .
“ We have actually had several couples interested in coming to our studio , but the commute is difficult for them , ” he told the trustees in a public hearing on his application .
The current business is comprised 90 percent of engaged couples who come to the studio through referrals from businesses such as Westbury Manor and Jericho Terrace , he said .
Volkof said he had signed a 15-year lease for the Mineola property , predicated on receiving approval for the special use permit from the board .
The building has an open layout of 2,800-square feet , which he said would serve his purposes as a dance floor .
“ We liked it that way , ” he said .
Formerly an auto parts store , he said the building was vacant for the past three or four years and required plumbing repairs and replacement of broken doors and windows , as well as other interior repairs and exterior painting .
A seven-car parking lot is adjacent to the building , he said , which he expected would be occupied with two or three vehicles at any time .
Volkof , who works a job doing corporate Internet technology during the day , said he plans to operate the Mineola business from 5 to 9 p.m. , Monday through Friday , with a few afternoon hours on Saturday .
Lessons would be given to one couple per hour at a rate of $ 90 per hour and he would be the sole teacher initially .
“ If it goes well , I might bring in another teacher , ” he said .
Volkof said the sound system he will use would be comparable to a basic home stereo system .
Deputy Mayor Paul Pereira , who presided at the hearing in the absence of Mayor Scott Strauss , said he “ could n't think of anything less intrusive ” in the location that borders a residential neighborhood .
“ I think there 's a need for a store over there . And there 's ample parking , ” said trustee Dennis Walsh .
Volkof said he planned to open the new dance studio on Monday , Feb. 13 , as Dance Reverie , the same name as his Forest Hills studio .
In other business , the board also unanimously approved an amendment to local law to permit the appointment of two alternate members to the five-member village zoning board of appeals .
Village attorney John Gibbons said the alternates could be called upon if the absence of one of the regular board members was anticipated for a scheduled hearing on an application . Three board members constitute a quorum to review applications , Gibbons said .
He said regular board members currently serve five-year terms .
“ It 's just smart and prudent to allow us to operate seamlessly in my opinion , ” Pereira said .
Jeff Rose talks with Antonio Centeno about their shared experience as entrepreneurs who took lessons from military service .
July 4 , 2018 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Jeff Rose talks with his friend and fellow entrepreneur , Antonio Centeno , who is the CEO of Real Men Real Style . Centeno joined the Marine Corps when he had just graduated from college ; from there he went to work as a CFO and eventually start his first company , A Tailored Suit .
Centeno also talks to Rose about his background in the military , where his perception of failure changed . While there , Centeno became what he describes as hard-headed and increased his willingness to suffer to avoid failure . A hard-nosed drive both helped him to stick to his pursuits , but also made it slightly difficult to see when he should re-align his goals . At the end of the day , Centeno emphasizes his military training prepared him to come back stronger .
Significantly , both entrepreneurs speak about moments of failure . Living through those hard times and being able to bounce back is not a task to take lightly -- but for determined individuals like Rose and Centeno , that persistence has led the way to better rewards . To live as an entrepreneur means persisting , as well as anticipating many different ups and downs and trying to protect yourself from the lower points .
To hear more from the conversaiton , click on the video .
Related : 8 Smart Strategies to Help You Invest in Real Estate
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
After Court Ruling , Military Will Accept Openly Transgender Recruits As Of Jan. 1
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matthias Schrader/AP Matthias Schrader/AP
Following a federal court ruling , the Pentagon has confirmed it will allow openly transgender individuals to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 . The Trump administration had resisted that deadline in court , seeking to have its ban on new transgender troops reinstated — but on Monday , Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly upheld an earlier decision to temporarily block President Trump 's ban .
That ban has been under fire since it was issued in a presidential memorandum in August . It quickly drew several lawsuits , and two federal judges — including Kollar-Kotelly in October — moved to put it on hold while those cases were decided in the courts . As NPR 's Camila Domonoske explained then , Kollar-Kotelly found `` that trans members of the military have a strong case that the president 's ban would violate their Fifth Amendment rights . ''
The administration appealed that ruling , seeking to implement its ban during the pending court cases , only to see the appeal denied by Kollar-Kotelly on Monday .
In her decision , she noted that she was `` not convinced by the vague claims '' that the Jan. 1 deadline needed to be delayed . At the same time , she reiterated her October argument that trans service members have a strong case and questioned the administration 's `` portrayal of their situation as an emergency , '' considering more than three weeks passed before it filed the appeal .
`` If complying with the military 's previously established January 1 , 2018 deadline to begin accession was as unmanageable as Defendants now suggest , one would have expected Defendants to act with more alacrity , '' she added in the final line of her decision .
The Department of Defense has announced it will comply with the order to allow transgender recruits — but in a statement Monday , the department made clear that it is doing so reluctantly .
`` This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders , '' a Pentagon spokesperson said in the statement , adding : `` DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March . ''
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Justice Department is also `` reviewing legal options '' to ensure that the president 's directive can be implemented .
Kollar-Kotelly 's ruling marks a new step in a twisting legal drama that promises to continue for some time — and traces its origins to an Obama-era policy announced 18 months ago .
In June 2016 , then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon would be lifting a long-running ban on openly transgender service members . As part of that announcement , a one-year deadline was set for the military to begin admitting new transgender troops . But before that deadline could take effect earlier this year , it was quietly extended by six months — to Jan. 1 , 2018 .
Then , this past July , Trump tweeted that `` the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S . Military . '' He later issued an official presidential memo , slightly dialing back the severity suggested in his tweet : That order prohibited the enlistment of new troops who are openly transgender , halted the use of federal funds for sex reassignment surgeries , and left it to his defense secretary to decide whether to expel trans troops who are currently serving .
Secretary Jim Mattis announced just days later that current trans troops could remain in the military `` in the interim . ''
Now , under the injunction that was upheld Monday , new trans troops can enlist , as well — at least temporarily as long as the lawsuits against Trump 's ban are still pending , and perhaps permanently , if those lawsuits are successful .
`` Today 's announcements — both by the court and the Pentagon — signal that there is an awareness that it 's not right to make military policy by tweets , '' Aaron Belkin , director of the Palm Center , which works on LGBT issues in the military , tells NPR 's Greg Myre . `` And when there 's a deliberate process of study , then that process should be respected and implemented . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tory ministers are refusing to scrap a benefits policy they 've been warned will make domestic violence worse .
Kit Malthouse brushed aside fears over Universal Credit today despite a victim saying it could be “ dangerous ” for abused women .
Charities have raised the alarm because couples on the new benefit get a `` single payment '' into one bank account .
They need to ask to split it in two - and it 's feared women too afraid to do so could end up trapped with violent partners .
Yet Mr Malthouse dismissed single payments as a “ political symbol ” and a “ sideshow ” - claiming “ we do n't see any great evidence ” they cause abuse .
He told the Commons Work and Pensions Committee he was `` open-minded ” but added : `` There are lots of other things in many ways that are more important .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ While I understand split payments has become a bit of a political symbol , actually in terms of the great scheme of things , of assisting those people and supporting them , it 's a bit of a sideshow to be perfectly honest .
`` Much more important is we 're correctly skilled and that we have the right links into support mechanisms to make sure that either we 're ameliorating the abuse or eliminating it altogether . ”
UC Director General Neil Couling said switching the whole benefit from single to split payments would be a “ big , big job ” .
He told MPs : `` We have not prioritised that for automation and it 's not in the plan to do that any time soon . ''
It comes after a victim told MPs applying for a split payment midway through a relationship would be “ dangerous ” for women like her , and Demelza Lobb of the charity Refuge warned it would “ definitely ” give abusers more control over cash .
Labour MP Ruth George warned some abused women `` can not even get together the money for a taxi to flee that relationship . ”
( Image : Parliament TV )
She told the Work and Pensions Minister : `` We 've received a lot of evidence that single payments are likely to lead to greater financial abuse . ”
Tory MP Heidi Allen said she could n't believe that “ in this modern world of equality , the woman gets her money lumped in with the fella 's into one account . ”
She suggested “ we should be looking at this as split payments by default . ''
Footage of the hearing was taken offline after Mr Malthouse appeared to accidentally name an anonymous witness to the committee .
He also clashed with Ms George when she said `` I 've never yet met a man who knows exactly how much it costs to raise a child ” , retorting : “ Well I do ! ” .
Mr Malthouse insisted automatic split payments could `` create more conflict '' in some cases , like where one partner works longer hours than the other .
And officials said only 2 % of married couples and 7 % of cohabiting couples keep their finances separate .
( Image : Getty Images )
The minister added : `` The recipient is more often than not the woman rather than the man .
`` I do n't think we should necessarily characterise the system as the payment is all going off to a feckless man . It 's much more nuanced and complex than that . ''
Meanwhile complacent Theresa May brushed off claims Universal Credit is driving destitute families into `` deep financial crisis '' and forcing them to food banks .
The Trussell Trust , which handed out a record 1.3million emergency parcels last year , said just 8 % of 284 food bank users it surveyed said the new benefit is enough to live on .
Chief executive Emma Revie said one mum `` considered giving up her own two children '' while waiting for the benefit - just so they 'd get some food .
( Image : Getty )
David Finch of the Resolution Foundation think tank said the benefit was `` just less generous '' than the current system for some groups , like single parents under 25 .
Yet the government claimed the figures were “ anecdotal ” from a “ self-selecting sample ” .
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said : `` The reasons why people use food banks are complex , so it 's wrong to link a rise to any one cause .
`` This research is based on anecdotal evidence from a small , self-selecting sample of less than 0.04 % of current Universal Credit claimants , whereas Universal Credit is working for the vast majority who claim it .
`` It was also carried out before our significant improvements to Universal Credit came into effect at the Budget ; such as 100 % advances , which support people before their first payment , removing the seven waiting days and two weeks ' extra housing support for claimants moving onto Universal Credit . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mischievous cat who disappeared and survived two snow storms and the Beast from the East was found more than four months later - wandering the aisles of B & Q .
Fernando the ginger feline went missing around Christmas time last year and managed to travel around five miles away from home .
Owner Emily Long said she was left completely shocked as to how he had survived for months of appalling weather conditions and bleak winter months .
Emily , 32 , said : `` We would love to know where he 's been for the last four months and how he survived the multiple visits from the Beast from the East .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` But as cats ca n't talk , we 'll probably never know .
`` I reckon he liked the burger van just next to B & Q .
`` Because when we found him , he did n't look like a stray cat or anything , he looked well fed .
`` He really did n't look like he had been struggling much . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
Fernando disappeared on December 10 when snow conditions had worsened in St Neots .
Emily had let him out in the evening to go to the toilet , but realised the next day he had n't come back like he usually does .
She said : `` We went out to look for him and I shared it on Facebook , we had loads of people commenting trying to help .
`` But as the months went on and the weather conditions had been so bad , I just thought 'how could he survive ? '
`` It was strange because he does n't usually venture out .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` But we think he may have become disorientated in the snow . We are happy to have him back . ''
Emily , mother to toddler Matilda said her daughter was desperate for Fernando to come home and that the family nearly gave up hope .
Emily said : `` Me and Matilda would go out and leaflet drop looking for Fernando , she would be shouting his name everywhere we would go . ''
Luckily , Emily had him micro-chipped and the staff at B & Q were able to get in touch with the company , who then got in touch with Emily to let her know her cat had been found safely .
( Image : SWNS.com )
Fernando and was reunited with Emily and Matilda on April 12 .
Emily added : `` I received a call from the microchip company to say Fernando had been found strolling through the B & Q car park and the kind staff there had called Cats Protection .
`` I think he had been living in B & Q for about a week , keeping the staff company .
`` The woman who got in touch with the microchip company was lovely .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` She said she had sleepless night over him , hoping she would see him again in the morning .
`` But we want to thank everyone for helping .
`` He is now back in the house safely and Matilda is happy he is back , playing with him .
`` Fernando 's brother Pedro is just about getting used to sharing his house again . ''
A B & Q spokesperson said : `` We are delighted that Fernando has been reunited with his owner - it 's a purr-fect happy ending ! ''
Related Coverage Former state psychiatrist pays ethics code violation
HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) – A former investigator for the Office of the Chief Public Defender in Danbury has paid a fine for an alleged ethics violation .
Officials say Arlindo Almeida violated Section 1-84 ( c ) of the Code of Ethics . That section states that a public official or state employee is prohibited from using state resources to obtain personal financial gain .
In 2013 , while Almeida was a state employee , he also allegedly provided investigation services for a private company . According to officials , those services were unrelated to his state position .
Related Content : Former state psychiatrist pays ethics code violation
Police say Almeida used his state-issued computer and other state-owned equipment to conduct business related to his outside job while on state time and while receiving pay from the state .
“ State employees who turn their offices into private , for-profit businesses will face penalties , ” said Executive Director Carol Carson . “ In addition , the Code of Ethics is clear that conducting political activity on state time is prohibited . ”
Additionally , in 2016 and 2017 , Almeida allegedly used a state computer and the state email system in his unsuccessful election bid to become mayor of Danbury .
Almeida previously resigned from his state position and is no longer a state employee .
Excitement builds up for south campus residence hall
Meghan McLaughlin
The Santa Clara
February 1 , 2018
Donning hard hats and holding golden shovels , members of the Santa Clara community broke ground on the Stephen A. Finn Residence Hall on Tuesday .
Students , university officials and City of Santa Clara officials gathered in the former parking lot behind Sobrato Residence Hall to listen to an array of speakers .
Finn earned his MBA from Santa Clara in 1976 and currently serves on the Board of Regents , a group of volunteers who provide advice and support to the university President and Board of Trustees .
“ It 's really a three-dimensional puzzle , ” Finn said . “ When we look around here , this is one little piece of the physical plan that 's been added to the puzzle along with so many other incredible facilities that are planned , have been built and will be built . ”
Finn explained that early on as a member of the board of regents , he questioned why the university had such a wonderful campus and only 1,000 freshmen .
The solution was to build another residence hall to house the influx of incoming students .
“ So , I guess I set myself up for this , ” Finn said .
Finn Residence Hall will be 120,000 square feet and house about 360 students . Sixty-three million dollars will be put into the construction and furnishing of the apartment-style dorm .
There will be two gender-neutral bathrooms on the first floor next to the multipurpose rooms .
Each of the four stories with three wings are complete with a common area for students .
In attendance at the groundbreaking was Patrick Tavelli , a 2016 bioengineering graduate who lent his talents to the plans for Finn Residence Hall .
The hall , formerly called the South Campus Residence , had a steering committee that put together various plans .
Tavelli altered these plans to enhance the layout of the building and helped the committee design the building to maximize student interaction .
President Michael Engh , S.J . and ASG Senate Chair Alyson Motzel spoke of the role of residence halls in a first-year student 's college experience .
“ It becomes like the new neighborhood in their new hometown of campus , ” Engh said . “ There 's a sense of pride and community that exists in each of our residence halls . ”
Vice Mayor of Santa Clara Kathy Watanabe offered remarks following an invocation performed by Arthur Liebscher , S.J. , a rector for the Santa Clara Jesuit Community .
Finn Residence Hall is planned to be completed in July 2019 .
Weekly updates on the progress of the hall can be found at : https : //www.scu.edu/living/stephen-a-finn-residence-hall/
Contact Meghan McLaughlin at mhmclaughlin @ scu.edu or call ( 408 ) 554-4852 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Leon Pryce has lifted the lid on the two high profile court cases in his glittering career - and admits he feared being sent to prison .
Writing in his explosive new autobiography “ Pryceless ” , the former Bradford , St Helens and Great Britain star has revealed the massive impact of the two off-field events .
The first , in September 2002 , saw him plead guilty to unlawful wounding following a nightclub incident with then Bradford Bulls conditioner Eddie McGuinness .
Pryce - who won four Super Leagues , five Challenge Cups and three World Club Challenges - says the events that night left him fearing prison , before he was sentenced to 120 hours community service .
Six years later , in 2008 , Pryce found himself in trouble with the law again , after joining his former team-mate Stuart Reardon in a domestic dispute that resulted in an assault charge and another 100 hours community service .
( Photo : Daily Record )
But it was the first incident - when he was just 21 - that rocked his life the most .
Pryce has not divulged the actual events of that night out of respect to McGuinness and his family , after he died in a tragic road incident in 2009 .
But the 35-year-old - who only last month announced his retirement - has laid bare the repercussions it had on his life .
Pryce said : “ I was wrong with what I did - there is simply no getting away from that and I would n't want to suggest anything otherwise .
“ It 's vital people understand that .
“ When it happened a lot of people thought I was lucky to escape jail and maybe that 's the case , because people have been to prison for things like this .
“ Right up until the day of the sentencing I was expecting and anticipating that to happen .
“ I even took my washbag with me to court planning to not come out of that courtroom without going to prison in the back of a police van .
“ People think you 've got off lightly because you have n't gone to jail , but I carried what I did that night with me for a good 10 or 11 years before I could really begin to let it go .
“ You hold it against yourself and it made me a really defensive and guarded person and it 's completely changed my life forever - and I probably deserve that for what I did .
“ We were a young family and I 'd gone and done something stupid which will be with us forever and it was n't until I went to Catalans when I began to be able to let it go .
“ But this is n't a sob story , and I do n't want to come across asking for sympathy and sounding like I do n't deserve what came my way .
“ Believe me , I deserved every single bit of the punishment and the negative spotlight I managed to attract due to what happened on that night . ”
Six years later Pryce was again in the dock alongside Reardon - but he does n't feel that the spotlight the case earned was justified this time .
He said : “ People have asked me since whether I feared the worst about going to prison , given how close I was the first time , and I had this blot on my card from the past .
“ But this time I honestly was n't .
“ I knew it was n't anywhere near as bad as the first incident - in context it was far less .
“ I was a lot more optimistic that prison , going to jail and all that sort of stuff was n't going to be a realistic option because I saw everything that happened and I knew the full story .
“ In my opinion it was n't worthy of anything , but we 're sports stars are n't we - maybe they wanted to make an example out of us . ”
Blackpool woe ended in delight
Leon Pryce says the week he turned into Australia 's public enemy no.1 ended with the most memorable win of his career .
Pryce found himself the target of the Aussie media after a tongue-in-cheek comment about preferring Blackpool Beach to Bondi during Great Britain 's 2006 Tri-Nations campaign Down Under .
He found himself the subject of tabloid headlines and TV news reports - but turned the pressure into a positive when the Lions beat Australia in Sydney at the end of a traumatic week .
He remembered : “ The amount of TV cameras and reporters there was unbelievable .
“ My face was plastered all over the back pages of the Aussie papers like the Sydney Morning Herald and the Daily Telegraph - I 've never known attention like it .
“ Typically for me , it was all bad press and not good press .
“ Their headlines were saying stuff like , ‘ GET HIM OUT OF HERE ! ' and things like that - I felt like a criminal !
“ A former Australia player called Mark Geyer said I should fly back home - but only on economy class because I would n't know what first class is !
“ It 's fair to say they took it poorly .
“ It all came from an innocent joke which seemingly a whole nation took the wrong way .
“ That was leading into the game against the Australians , and they had riled us with all sorts of stuff themselves .
“ I think someone even dubbed us ‘ amateurs ' in the days running up to the game - what a joke .
“ We had plenty of emotion built up inside of us and with the grief I was getting , I think it galvanised the boys even more .
“ For me personally it 's the number one game of my career - we had to win it , we just had to . ”
* * * Pryceless is available from all good bookshops from Friday , June 16 You can order signed copy for £20 including UK delivery from www.gnbooks.co.uk or call 01274 735056 .
Study Reveals That Millennials Are n't Big Fans Of Breasts
Trending News : Millennials Have Some Surprising Feelings About Breasts
Long Story Short
Millennials are meh about a lot of things , and now you can add breasts to that list .
Long Story
Earlier this month , a tone deaf story from The Sun claimed that big breasts are back in style unsurprisingly pissed off the internet . Many rightfully argued that big breasts have always been in style , as have small breasts , because that 's just how women are made — and women are awesome . But everyone , including me and you , got it wrong ( except the women being awesome part ) : big breasts are n't back in style because breasts are n't in style at all . That is , if you 're a millennial ( via Maxim ) .
Prompted by The Sun story going viral , Pornhub looked to answer whether big breasts are in vogue by delving into their search data and found out that big , huge and massive — you know whats — are all more popular search terms than small . Case closed .
Eh , not so fast .
`` Large breast searches are ten times the size of small , and natural is around five times more popular than fake , '' explains the report .
So sure , large is still the most popular , but breast-related searches make up just 1.5 % of the searches on Pornhub , an extremely small number considering how many people use Pornhub . And if you divide up the porn site 's vast viewership base into age groups , you notice that millennials — yes those avocado toast-loving , non-patriotic , commitment-phobes — are 'meh ' about breasts . All this to say , maybe we should be asking a different question : are breasts going out of style ?
`` Millennials between the ages of 18 to 34 are far less likely to search for both big or small breasts compared to most age groups over the age of 35 , '' the report explains .
The news is n't all bad for breasts , though . Apparently , teacup-sized ones have been seeing an uptick in searches over the last couple of years . Plus , fake breasts are more popular than real ones for the 25 to 44 age group . I mean , fake ones still classify , do n't they ?
When asked to comment about the results of the report by Mel Magazine , Pornhub VP Corey Price kinda made a lot of sense by saying that we all like what we like , so deal with it .
“ Everyone has their own preference . What might be a turnoff for someone , might be a turn-on for someone else . That , in an essence , is the beauty of porn . ''
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
If millennials do n't like breasts , what do they like ?
Drop This Fact
Millennials do n't have as much sex as people think .
Earning the moniker `` Auntie Maxine '' from adoring progressives , Congresswoman Maxine Waters has become a hero to the left for her unflinching and unrelenting criticism of Donald Trump and his allies . She did not disappoint them at Saturday 's Tax March in Washington , D.C .
At the rally before the march , Waters vowed to fight every day until Trump is impeached and questioned the motives behind the U.S. attack on Syria . She believes Syria to be `` phony tension between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin , all being hyped up by the White House , still trying to distract us . ''
After her speech , I asked the congresswoman whether she believes Putin and Assad were colluding to help take the heat off of Trump from the investigations into his ties with Russia . She believes that Putin and Trump are `` tied at the hip , '' the tension is a charade , and that the end-game is getting the oil sanctions lifted for drilling in the Arctic .
Maxine Waters believes that Putin and Trump are `` tied at the hip . `` Maxine Waters ' rants have moved from troubling to idiotic to now simply entertaining . The Duran has documented Waters ' lunacy and panic over the nefarious connection between Trump and Putin ( two people that have never met in person , ever ) , but this latest explanation as to why Trump illegally launched 59 Tomahawks into Syria is about as nutty , and stupid as it can get ... but we have to admit that it is entertaining listening to this US Congresswoman make a fool of herself and her Democrat party in spectacular fashion.Watching the video is believing . We wonder if uber liberal left Huffington Post believes this Waters ' rant , or if they are shocked at her stupidity as we are . Via Huffington Post ...
Folks , take a look at the above .
Here is the accompanying tweet :
Update # 3 : 06:30 2 February 2018
The REAL FRANCIS EFFECT in real time…
Just a reminder as to what this blog defines as the Soap Bubble Papacy™ :
“ It is superficial . Were this a religious movement , the churches would be full . ”
– Walter Cardinal Brandmuller On The Real Francis Effect
The term itself comes from a Francis , the bishop of Rome sermon given at the Domus Sanctae Marthae on the 26th of October 2014 . In that sermon , Francis said : ( see here )
“ If you “ do not have something substantial , you too will pass like all things . ”
And then Francis added the following words that will go down in infamy :
“ How many Christians live for appearances ? Their life seems like a soap bubble . The soap bubble is beautiful , with all its colours ! But it lasts only a second , and then what ?
In those two phrases , Francis , using the psychological self defense mechanism of “ projection ” , ( see here ) explained exactly who he is . Furthermore , he also explained what his pontificate will consist of , for all who have eyes to see and ears to hear .
Needless to say , the Soap Bubble Papacy™ is a # FakeNews Mainstream Media creation , and once the FAKE NEWS MEDIA drop Francis , he will be history .
Concurrently to the above “ shrinking crowds ” Francis Effect , what lies behind that which has transpired is the following observation made as early as the 20th of January , i.e . in the middle of the FrancisChileanDisaster :
And here is how Those Bones that defines the Soap Bubble Papacy™ and pinpoints that which is behind the non-crowds in St. Peter 's Square :
Yes , indeed ..
So what this blogger will be on the watch for , is to identify when the FAKE NEWS MEDIA starts abandoning Francis ' PR effort .
The key is to identify when FAKENEWSMEDIA starts writing about those missing crowds .
Will have more to say in future updates to this post…
UPDATE 02:20 2 February 2018
More pics
And here is the source post :
Update # 2 : 04:00 02 February 2018
More photos from the L'Osservatore Romano :
Advertisements
UPDATED 12:10 p.m. | The local Black Lives Matter organization is asking Bloomington Police Chief Brendan Heffner to denounce a planned rally to support law enforcement and instruct his officers to not participate .
The rally is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. outside City Hall in downtown Bloomington . It 's being promoted on Facebook , but few people have RSVP 'd online . Expected turnout is unknown .
Black Lives Matter BloNo said in a statement Sunday that its members will not participate in the rally or an expected counter-protest also being organized on Facebook . Black Lives Matter sent a letter to Heffner alleging that the pro-police rally 's organizer is a white supremacist . The organizer has denied that .
“ We feel that it is your responsibility as the chief representative of your department , and as a public servant , to make it clear that the worldview of those organizing this event is not the worldview of the Bloomington Police Department by denouncing this event , and by instructing your officers to withhold their participation in this event , ” Black Lives Matter wrote to Heffner .
The group added : “ Because of the escalated tensions felt across the nation in the aftermath of the events in Charlottesville , and for the safety and wellbeing of our community , Black Lives Matter Bloomington-Normal is instructing its supporters to keep away from Monday 's event . ”
Bloomington police issued a statement midday Monday in response to the Black Lives Matter letter .
`` The Bloomington Police Department respects the First Amendment rights for all groups to assemble in a respectful and peaceful manner . BPD is aware of the event and will respond appropriately if needed . ''
Regina Noland , who is listed as the pro-police rally 's organizer on Facebook , told GLT that the event is to show support `` for the men and women who put their lives on the line every day . ''
`` That 's all there is to it , '' Noland said via Facebook Messenger . `` I have never been racist and it 's a sad thing that in America you ca n't say thank you without being called a racist . ''
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one . As someone who values experienced , knowledgeable , and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois , please consider making a contribution .
Do n't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience ! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil . ( You 'll be giving us a present too ! )
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack ( all times local ) :
12:20 p.m .
Turkey 's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year 's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified .
The Anadolu news agency , citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials , says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen .
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia ; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each ; two nationals were from Tunisia , India , Morocco and Jordan each . Kuwait , Canada , Israel , Syria and Russia each lost one citizen .
Sixty-nine people were also wounded . Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified .
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to take the bodies of the deceased .
Turkish officials have n't released the names of those identified .
___
12 p.m .
Turkey 's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations , a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations claimed by the group .
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff 's office , Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab , killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures .
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak , eight kilometers ( five miles ) to the southwest of Al Bab .
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces .
___
11:45 a.m .
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others .
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year 's attack was carried by a “ heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast . ”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “ revenge for God 's religion and in response to the orders ” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
The group described Turkey as “ the servant of the cross . ”
___
10:10 a.m .
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations .
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan .
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks .
The gunman , who is still at large , killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside .
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners , many from the Middle East .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Recapping Trump 's SOTU Address and What 's Inside The Released GOP Memo NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with David Brooks of The New York Times and E.J . Dionne of The Washington Post and Brookings Institution about the Russia memo that was released today , the President 's State of the Union speech , and the looming government shutdown deadline .
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day . On weekends , her and her friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time , and more importantly for a time to be themselves . `` I would go there to the drag show with my friends . It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community , my community we would be able to get together and have a good time . We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that '' says Heather . `` The biggest thing is ...
More > >
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A National Lottery chief has shed light on what happens to lucky winners whose numbers come up - and how they avoid the whole world finding out .
And surprisingly , it turns out that not everyone hands in their notice immediately after finding out about their win .
It takes just 48 hours for winnings to be transferred , revealed Andy Carter , Camelot 's Senior Winners Adviser in Cardiff , to Wales Online .
But to avoid your happy news leaking , he recommends you open a special account , which staff in your local branch will know nothing about .
His advice comes after a UK ticket holder claimed the £77.7million jackpot won in last night 's EuroMillions draw , but their identity - or identities - remain a mystery so far .
Here 's what Andy Carter had to say :
My numbers came up - what do I do now ?
You ring the number on the back of your ticket to make your claim . That call will get through to a call centre where staff are dedicated to dealing with Lottery related matters . It 's not just winners - the staff there also take calls from newsagents who want to order more scratch cards or whose Lottery ticket dispenser is n't working , that kind of thing . So , it 's a bit of a lottery for them too regarding who 'll be on the other end of the line .
Does the amount I win make a difference ?
Yes , it does - £50k or above means your details are passed on to me and my team and we arrange to pay you a visit . Under £50k and you can just go along to a post office and have the money paid out to you there via a cheque .
What happens when you arrive at the front door ?
We make sure the winners have the support and advice they need as we take them though process and all the paperwork . It 's about holding their hand during what can be a really head-spinning moment in their lives .
So when do I get my money ?
The winnings are transferred electronically in 48 hours and we recommend it does n't go into a normal high street savings account - instead we suggest winners open a a private account ( most of the big banks have teams which deal only with Lottery winners and the very wealthy ) which is shielded from the knowledge of ordinary branch staff . That way no one can leak news of a person 's win .
Ca n't I just have the cash and stuff a mattress with it ?
No , that 's not happening .
How long do you hold my hand ?
It kind of depends on - some people might not have anyone around them to chat to , particularly those who wish to remain anonymous . So they might choose to stay in touch a lot longer , just to talk things over .
By and large though , it 's those who elect to have their win made public with whom we have the longest relationship because they act as advocates for us . The private ones generally tend to move on the quickest .
Even though I just became £1million richer I 'm not sure about giving up my job just yet - is that natural ?
I think the British public are pretty reserved as a rule - put it this way , few and far between are the occasions when I 've arrived at someone 's house to find they 've already handed in their notice . There have even been a couple of times when someone 's told me they ca n't possibly meet for the least a couple of weeks because they 're got too much on at the office !
I think it 's because the majority of them never expected to win in the first place , so when that fantasy we all have about telling our boss where to stick it suddenly becomes reality it does n't seem quite so easy . It 's like when people retire and , for a while at least , feel a bit lost as to what to do next .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Do you ever see the winners again ?
A couple of weeks later we 'll have a follow-up meeting with a lawyer and a financial expert to make sure everyone 's happy with their decisions and to answer any questions they might have .
We also put them in touch with other winners - because often they 're the only ones who can empathise with how they 're feeling . Make no mistake , winning can be a shock and can take a lot of getting used to .
Can you play the lottery yourself ?
No , I 'm not allowed , neither can I accept money nor gifts off winners - I 've had some people offer to take me out to dinner to say thank you but I always have to turn them down .
It 's a rare privilege , though , to be part of someone 's life for such a momentous period .
And although I know they wo n't remember my name when they 're 80 , I know they 'll never ever forget the day I turned up at their front door .
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena , Calif. , Jan. 2 , 2017 . The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade . The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force . ( U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.02.2017 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID : 3083232 VIRIN : 170102-F-LI975-0064 Resolution : 2400x3000 Size : 1.05 MB Location : US Web Views : 7 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [ Image 1 of 12 ] , by Louis Briscese , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Liège honours Tuesday 's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute 's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning .
VRT ? ? ? media.video.type.mz_vod ? ? ?
Liège honours Tuesday 's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute 's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning .
The second girl mowed down in a fatal hit-and-run collision on New Year 's Eve has died , police said .
Zaneta Krokova , 11 , was holding the hand of her 12-year-old cousin Helina Kotlarova when they were hit by a blue Peugeot 807 in Oldham , Greater Manchester .
The girls had just come out of a shop near their homes when they were struck in Ashton Road at around 7.15pm .
Greater Manchester Police said that Miss Krokova died on Monday morning .
Her older cousin was killed at the scene .
Four men aged 59 , 48 , 38 and 18 were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and are in custody for questioning .
A fifth man , 23 , was released with no further action being taken and is assisting police with their inquiries .
The car which hit the girls has since been found abandoned on Honeywell Lane , police said .
The older girl 's mother Sylva and father Robert raced to the scene but she was declared dead by medics as her distraught mother stroked her hair .
On New Year 's Day , the family of seven sisters and one brother , who came to England from the Czech Republic eight years ago , sat in tears mourning the 12-year-old .
Her father sat with his head in his hands , his wife weeping , while other red-eyed members of the family sat in silence in the kitchen of their terraced home .
Helina 's sister Sylva , 19 , told how the family rushed to the scene 100 yards from their home seconds after the crash .
She said : `` Her face was all bloody . She did not breathe . Mum was touching her hair . ''
Miss Kotlarova said the girls were with a larger group of family and friends who had already crossed the road , one of the main routes in and out of Oldham town centre , and the larger group was waiting on the opposite pavement .
The two cousins then started to cross the road outside the shop .
Miss Kotlarova said : `` But as they came to the other side of the road the car ran them over . They were holding hands . ''
Seconds later friends ran to Helina 's home to alert the family .
Miss Kotlarova added : `` We ran there . I went to her . Her face was all bloody . She did not breathe . Then the ambulance came . ''
She said Helina attended the Collective Spirit free school in Oldham and enjoyed dancing and music and wanted to become a singer .
Sergeant Lee Westhead said : `` This is a heart-breaking incident which has now taken the lives of two young girls and all of our thoughts remain with their families , who are understandably devastated .
`` We have made significant progress with our investigation since the collision happened and I would like to thank everyone who has contacted police with information so far . ''
Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a dark coloured Peugeot 807 in the area at the time and the driver of a white van to come forward .
Sergeant Westhead added : `` As you can see in the images , the vehicle is dark blue , people carrier shaped and is in poor physical condition and notably has pre-existing damage to its rear window .
`` Did you see this vehicle on Saturday 31 December in the hours before or after the collision ?
`` Finally , I am also keen to speak to the occupants of a white Citroen Despatch van that I am also releasing an image of . This vehicle did not collide with anyone but was in the immediate vicinity of the collision and may have key information .
`` Again if you saw this vehicle or have any information about its occupants or why it was in the area at the time of the collision , please contact us . ''
Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4741 , quoting incident number 1691 of 31/12/16 , or Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
'Man flu ' could be real after all , a new study has claimed .
Despite the age-old claims men exaggerate the severity of their colds , researchers showed they are more likely to be admitted to hospital or die from flu-related symptoms than women .
Kyle Sue , an assistant professor in family medicine from the Memorial University of Newfoundland in Canada , set out to determine whether men really experience worse symptoms than women and whether this could have any evolutionary basis .
He found that for many acute respiratory diseases , men are also more susceptible to complications and more likely to die , according to the study published in the British Medical Journal .
Some evidence also finds men suffering more from viral respiratory illness than women - because they have a less robust immune system .
Dr Sue said : `` The concept of man flu , as commonly defined , is potentially unjust .
( Image : OJO Images RF )
( Image : Getty Images )
`` Men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses , leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women , '' he continued .
`` The Oxford dictionary defines it as ' a cold or similar minor ailment as experienced by a man who is regarded as exaggerating the severity of the symptoms ' .
`` Since about half of the world 's population is male , deeming male viral respiratory symptoms as 'exaggerated ' without rigorous scientific evidence , could have important implications for men , including insufficient provision of care . ''
Men 's weaker immune system could allow them to invest their energy in other biological processes , such as growth , secondary sex characteristics , and reproduction .
( Image : Getty )
Prof Sue added : `` Lying on the couch , not getting out of bed , or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionary behaviours that protect against predators .
`` Perhaps now is the time for male friendly spaces , equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs , to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort . ''
He also suggested that perhaps the problem is that women select these men , saying : `` Another potential study may examine whether men with robust immune systems are less successful at mating compared with those with weaker immune systems and correspondingly higher testosterone .
`` In other words , can the blame for man flu be shifted to the people who select these men as sexual partners rather than the men themselves ? ''
Despite this , Dr Sue says further higher quality research is needed to clarify other aspects of man flu `` because it remains uncertain whether viral quantities , immune response , symptoms , and recovery time can be affected by environmental conditions . ''
Navi Mumbai : A successful penalty strike in the second half helped Paraguay beat Mali 3-2 in an engaging FIFA U-17 World Cup Group B game , here today .
After the two sides were tied 2-2 at half time , it was in the 55th minute when Alan Rodriguez successfully converted from the spot to score the winner for Paraguay .
Rodriguez fired past Mali goalkeeper with a powerful spot kick after Paraguay were awarded a penalty courtesy Abdoulaye Diaby 's handball .
Mali had their chances , but on most occasions , their players shot above the bar from long distances .
Earlier , Paraguay took the lead in the 12th minute courtesy a stunning strike by Antonio Galeano .
A free kick by Julio Baez , was punched by the Mali custodian outside the box , which was calmly controlled by Galeano , who took the ball on his chest and shot a thunderous volley past the goalkeeper with his right foot .
Paraguay were rewarded for their aggressive style of play from the start .
Five minutes later , a defensive mistake by Mali helped Paraguay scored their second goal and take a 2-0 lead through Leonardo Sanchez 's strike .
Three minutes later , Mali reduced the margin when Hadji Drame netted the ball . Salam Giddou , dribbled past two defenders and passed to Drame , who after a little dribble , slotted the ball with perfection in the 20th minute .
It was an intense first half with both the sides displaying attacking style of football .
Initially , Paraguay were more aggressive of the two , but after conceding two goals , Mali came back strongly .
In the 30th minute , Mali 's Lassana Ndiaye ran in from a distance but his shot hit the crossbar and bounced away .
But it took another four minutes for the last edition 's runners-up to equalise .
In the 34th minute , Djemoussa Traore showed blistering pace from the left flank , releasing Ndiaye , who netted the ball past a changing Paraguay goalkeeper .
Paraguay kept the Mali goalkeeper busy throughout the first half which ended in a 2-2 stalemate .
After the break , Mali had a definite chance , but Ndaiye failed to get past the Paraguay goalkeeper , who came up with a good save .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Man hospitalized
in gun incident
ASHLAND — An Ashland man was taken to the hospital and also faces charges after an incident Thursday in the borough where shots were fired .
State police at Frackville said they responded to a domestic incident involving shots fired at 5:12 p.m. at 920 Market St . Upon arrival , police found Jason Edward Stahr , 43 , unconscious in an ambulance while being treated . The man was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital-Schuylkill E. Norwegian Street for treatment , police said .
Police said they discovered prior to the incident that Stahr argued with his wife about what he did the previous night . She left for a couple hours and came back to find him lying on the floor upstairs with an empty pill bottle nearby and shotgun against a bed , police said .
Police said Stahr 's wife tried to wake him up . As he came to , she grabbed the barrel of the shotgun , but he grabbed it with both hands , pulling the trigger . While his wife was holding the barrel away from her , a round discharged into a nearby wall , police said .
Police obtained an arrest warrant through on-call Magisterial District Judge James K. Reiley , Pottsville . Stahr was charged with aggravated assault , simple assault and recklessly endangering another person , and he will be arraigned once he is released from the hospital , police said .
Pine Grove man
not hurt in crash
PINE GROVE — The driver of a car escaped injury after he hit several items near the road Wednesday on Oak Grove Road in Pine Grove Township , police said .
State police at Schuylkill Haven said Jason Manley , 30 , of Pine Grove , was driving east on the road in a 1999 BMW 323i at 3:36 p.m. when he crossed the double yellow line and went into the westbound lane . Police said Manley stuck a concrete culvert along the side of the road , continued traveling and hit an embankment at 460 Oak Grove Road . The car continued on the road , crossing both lanes and stopped facing southeast , police said .
Police said Manley , who was wearing a seat belt , was charged with failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic .
Man turns in son
for theft of $ 3
WILLIAMSTOWN — A father turned in his own son after the boy allegedly stole $ 3 from the man 's wallet , police said .
State police at Lykens said the incident took place at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday on West Market Street in Williams Township , Dauphin County . Police said the man noticed that the money was missing from his wallet and questioned his 14-year-old son about it .
Police said the boy admitted to taking the money , and theft charges were filed through Dauphin County Juvenile Probation .
Passenger injured
in Williams Twp .
WILLIAMSTOWN — A man was injured after the car he was riding in struck a utility pole on a slush-covered road Thursday morning in Williams Township , Dauphin County , police said .
State police at Lykens said Kael W. McNeal , 21 , of Williamstown , lost control of a 2003 Chevrolet Cavalier while driving downhill at 10 a.m. on East Market Street . Police said the right side of the car struck a pole in the area of 682 E. Market St .
McNeal was not injured but his passenger , Brandon L. Rudy , 20 , of Williamstown , was taken by ambulance to Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center , Hershey , with a minor head laceration , police said . The vehicle was towed from the scene .
Both men were wearing seat belts , police said , noting that McNeal was charged with failure to drive at a safe speed .
A recent analysis of trends done by the India Institute of Medical Sciences , New Delhi revealed an increase in diabetes prevalence among the rural population at a rate of 2.02 per 1,000 population per year . Photo : Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi : Synthetic fertilizers used in farming can trigger diabetes and cardiovascular diseases , government scientists have found .
The scientists , from the nanoscience and water research unit of the central government 's department of science and technology , found a close link between toxic heavy metals used in fertilizers and the prevalence of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases among farmers .
The government funded research was carried out in a village in Tamil Nadu on around 900 people whose urine samples were tested .
“ Around 82.5 % of the study population was involved in farming and high levels of toxic metals were detected in the synthetic fertilizers used in the study village . The prevalence of pre-diabetes , diabetes and atherosclerosis was 43.4 % , 16.2 % and 10.3 % , respectively , ” said Pradeep Thalappil , professor of chemistry at the Indian Institute of Technology- Madras . The samples were analysed at Kovai Medical Center and Hospital ( KMCH ) Research Foundation , Coimbatore .
Pre-diabetes is a condition in which blood sugar is high , but not high enough to be type 2 diabetes in which the body either does n't produce enough insulin , or it resists insulin . Atherosclerosis is a cardiovascular disease in which there is narrowing of the arteries due to plaque buildup on the artery walls .
“ Interestingly , no association of traditional risk factors for all the three non-communicable disease conditions ( pre-diabetes , diabetes and cardiovascular disease ) such as body mass index , blood pressure and total cholesterol with disease conditions was observed , ” said Thalappil .
“ But urinary levels of metals such as arsenic , chromium , aluminium and zinc showed an association with diabetes , while arsenic and zinc showed an association with pre-diabetes and atherosclerosis , ” he said .
The health ministry has been running screening programs in rural areas to get to the bottom of the rising incidence of non-communicable diseases in these areas .
The phase one results of the Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) -INDIAB ( India diabetes ) study have also shown that the prevalence of non communicable diseases is higher in both urban and rural areas of India compared to earlier studies .
A recent analysis of trends done by the India Institute of Medical Sciences , New Delhi revealed an increase in diabetes prevalence among the rural population at a rate of 2.02 per 1,000 population per year .
SKYLAND , NC ( WSPA ) — A small item that almost every woman has is making a big difference for wildlife rehabilitators in North Carolina .
After a post made by Appalachian Wild Refuge in Skyland , North Carolina , went viral , thousands of people from across the country are cleaning off their old mascara wands and dropping them in the mail .
Appalachian Wild Refuge is a non-profit that takes care of wild animals in need . Some have been abandoned and others have been injured .
“ She gets one syringe of banana but she does n't get that until the end because it 's like giving her the chocolate , ” said Janice Burleson while carefully feeding a squirrel with a syringe .
The squirrel gets round-the-clock human care along with hundreds of other animals that ca n't be released .
“ I 've also done bear , crow , beaver , possums , cottontail , ” Burleson said .
After the meal , a mascara wand is used to brush the squirrel 's fur .
“ Because the bristles are so close together , it 's perfect for gently removing fly eggs and fleas , ” Burleson explained .
Their recent Facebook post , asking for people to send in brushes , is getting global attention . Already , it has more than 59.9 thousand shares .
Their story has been published by Allure , Cosmopolitan , Good Housekeeping , Teen Vogue , and many others .
“ The rest is history , ” rehabilitator Janice Burleson says enthusiastically .
The packages are pouring in with mascara wands , handwritten notes , but also much needed supplies the non-profit needs to open a new triage facility . It will be located in Candler , North Carolina .
You can mail donations to : P.O . Box 1211 , Skyland , NC 28776
For more information , click here for the ‘ Wands for Wildlife ' website .
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
170211-N-JN506 -035 HARMON , Guam ( Feb.11 , 2017 ) The Naval Base Guam Tsunamis take on the Dededo Gold in their first soccer match of the spring season at the Guam Football Association National Training Center Saturday . The Navy Youth Sports programs are designed to teach the enjoyment of playing on a team while encouraging character building . ( U.S. Navy Photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Jamica Johnson )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.10.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 00:49 Photo ID : 3166288 VIRIN : 170211-N-JN506-035 Resolution : 5975x3983 Size : 2.39 MB Location : Web Views : 0 Downloads : 2 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 170211-N-JN506-035 [ Image 1 of 259 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Trudy Rubin 's Worldview column runs on Thursdays and Sundays . Over the past decade she has made multiple trips to Iraq , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Egypt , Turkey , Israel and the West Bank and also written from Syria , Tunisia , Lebanon , Iran , Russia , Ukraine , South Korea and China . She is the author of Willful Blindness : the Bush Administration and Iraq , a book of her columns from 2002-2004 . She was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in commentary in 2016 and 2001 , and in 2008 she was awarded the Edward Weintal prize for international reporting . In 2010 she won the Arthur Ross award for international commentary from the Academy of American Diplomacy .
Last month , I visited Russia to learn more about the Kremlin 's campaign to influence the U.S. election in 2016 .
But the more I learned about Kremlin techniques , magnified by social media , the more similar those techniques appeared to President Trump 's modus operandi .
The Kremlin has more tools , and U.S. citizens still have more independent news sources . Yet Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are both waging information wars that rely on confusing their opponents with an endless barrage of conspiracy theories and fake “ facts. ” They push favored narratives over and over ( “ Spygate , ” anyone ? ) until these narratives sink into public consciousness . They are repeated not just by supporters but even by those who know them to be false .
> > READ MORE : Russian troll factory hiring for new anti-U.S. operation ; biggest danger is not to America | Trudy Rubin
No one understands Russian techniques better than Clint Watts , a fellow at Philadelphia 's Foreign Policy Research Institute , who is also a former Army officer , FBI special agent , and counterterrorism expert . He is also the author of a fascinating new book , Messing With the Enemy : Surviving in a Social Media World of Hackers , Terrorists , Russians and Fake News , which details the way Putin and Trump boost each other 's narratives .
“ Russia 's method represents not an information war , but a war on information itself , ” says Watts . “ Trump has the same approach . ”
Watts worries that “ Americans still do n't grasp the information war Russia perpetrated against the West , why it works , and why it continues. ” The KGB used “ active measures ” – efforts to undermine the West by means other than military – for decades .
But the advent of social media exponentially expanded Russia 's ability to amplify its “ active measures ” with little manpower . It 's not just things you already know – that Kremlin cutouts stole Democratic emails and passed them to WikiLeaks , which then strategically released them an hour after the release of the Access Hollywood tape , eclipsing Trump 's “ grab 'em by the pussy ” grossness .
The bigger danger is that Russia 's cyber efforts go beyond helping one candidate or hurting another . They are more broadly aimed at exacerbating existing divisions in our democracy and spreading disruptive conspiracy theories – often those put forward by Trump or the websites he promotes . Social bots – false social-media accounts designed to push out high volumes of information – can make such falsehoods go viral .
One example : A Russian-influence account labeled @ TEN-GOP and posing as a Tennessee GOP account gathered 136,00 followers while repeating bogus voter-fraud charges . Fox News quoted it , top Trump campaign officials tweeted it , every major conservative website repeated it . And this was just one of thousands of accounts operated by Russia in the lead-up to the election .
Watts believes the Kremlin had no need to engage in direct collusion with the Trump team . It was easily able to find team members ( Michael Flynn , Paul Manafort , etc . ) to do its bidding . Moreover , Trump 's unending promotion of Putin has led to an astonishing shift of support to Putin on the American right . A February 2017 Gallup poll shows a 166 percent rise in Putin 's favorability rating among Republicans just since 2015 .
Thus the Kremlin has ripe targets for disinformation on alt-right and white-supremacist websites that support Trump , along with some far-left sites . Says Watts : “ They infiltrate key audiences , then direct them on strategic themes and messages . ”
Example : Watts says he 's seen “ routine regurgitation of Russian propaganda ” on InfoWars , one alt-right site praised by Trump that promotes the most ugly conspiracy theories — like claims the Sandy Hook massacre was staged . Trump and his team often retweet claims by such sites .
And here 's what 's really scary : It 's hard to challenge the Kremlin 's messaging – aimed at undermining NATO , the European Union , America 's role abroad , and the free Western press – when Trump enhances its messages .
“ He echoes what Putin says on every issue , which is why we ca n't change the narrative , ” says Watts . Even more disturbing , Trump still refuses to mount a unified U.S. government pushback against Russian cyber espionage .
Instead , the president 's attacks on U.S. institutions ( the FBI , the CIA , the Justice Department , the mainstream media ) maximize Putin 's game plan . And Trump 's constant promotion of false conspiracy theories gives Putin 's info warriors rich material to package for the Russian home crowd as examples of America 's decline .
Case in point : Trump 's lie that the FBI infiltrated his campaign with spies . Even conservative Rep. Trey Gowdy said , on Fox News , that the FBI was justified in sending an informant ( to check out Trump staffers who were consorting with known Russian intelligence agents ) . But Trump keeps tweeting “ Spygate ” – a canard repeated by Russian TV and social media .
“ Before the social-media age , there was a filter on conspiracy theories from Congress and the mainstream media , ” says Watts , “ but today people choose their information sources and Trump 's conspiracy claims are repeated. ” Canards become accepted as reality by Trump supporters . Meantime , Trump opponents are deluged with so many fake claims that it becomes exhausting to try to refute them .
These techniques , says Watts , are right out of the Kremlin playbook . But the reason Russia 's information war has been so successful is not because the Kremlin is so brilliant . The answer is simpler : It 's because Putin has a ( witting or unwitting ) helpmate in Trump .
Premier Mark McGowan is given a crash course in cabinet making at Coastline Kitchens in Rockingham last Friday , with tradesman Michael Stibbard and apprentice Kayla van Spall on hand to impart their knowledge . Photo : Gareth McKnight
Premier Mark McGowan is given a crash course in cabinet making at Coastline Kitchens in Rockingham last Friday , with tradesman Michael Stibbard and apprentice Kayla van Spall on hand to impart their knowledge . Photo : Gareth McKnight Picture : Picture : Gareth McKnight
Premier Mark McGowan announced the new WA Industry Link portal in Rockingham last week , which he said would increase opportunities for local companies to tender for Government contracts .
After the Jobs Law was passed earlier this year , attempts are being made to ensure WA businesses win the lion 's share of about $ 27 billion of Government spending on goods , services and works every year .
The WA Industry Link online portal has been unveiled to help companies tender for contracts .
Mr McGowan visited Coastline Kitchens in Rockingham on Friday to make the announcement and said the legislation would create jobs in the region .
“ Creating jobs for West Australians is my number one priority . WA Industry Link represents a new , innovative era in the way Government contracts are awarded , ” he said .
“ WA Industry Link will ensure more opportunities are created for WA businesses , meaning more jobs for local workers .
“ The portal will link local businesses to Government contracts , and provide them with all the information and support they need to give them the best chance of securing contracts .
“ Small to medium-sized businesses are key job-creating drivers of the local economy , and the State Government is determined to provide them with the support they need to continue to flourish long into the future . ”
Coastline Kitchens director Daniel Bosveld said the announcement could be a positive initiative for the building industry and boost apprentice numbers .
To find out more , visit www.industrylink.wa.gov.au .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho took another swipe at Manchester United fans for failing to create any atmosphere in the 2-0 Old Trafford win over Huddersfield .
The United boss has complained before at the lack of intensity from fans particularly in games against inferior opponents who sit behind the ball .
“ It 's not Portsmouth - I remember when I was in the Premier League and for such a small stadium , the atmosphere was incredible .
“ Here it is a bit quiet and is not very , very enthusiastic . But the players like to play at home . ”
( Image : Man Utd via Getty Images )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
After hearing his comments , some United fans were left angered .
Mourinho also revealed Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini has had knee surgery after injuring himself against Tottenham and will be out for nearly two months .
“ He has had surgery but is not the end of the season , not at all . It is a small intervention in his external miniscus and I want to believe by the end of March he can be back .
“ I hope he will have a big April and May still be able to play in more than one competition . Saids the United boss . ”
Sending out the MQ-25A Stingrays — which have n't yet been manufactured — with aircraft sorties could relieve a major burden currently carried by Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets . As many as 25 to 30 percent of all Super Hornets taking off from the Navy 's carriers are routinely sent out on refueling missions , USNI notes . As Lockheed Martin struggles to ramp up production of F-35C aircraft , freeing up more Super Hornets would bolster the service 's capacity to marshal planes from carriers .
The fuel-supplying drones would extend the range of planes launching from the carriers , Business Insider noted , which could allow carrier wing groups to thwart far-off threats that might otherwise menace US ships . In particular , increased flying ranges could help take out Chinese Dong Feng-26 anti-ship ballistic missiles ( ASBM ) . The aircraft will also carry out intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance duties , Navy officials said last year .
It 's worth noting that Pyongyang 's most recent June 8 test firing featured ASBMs comparable to Russian Kalibr versatile anti-ship missiles , military analysts said .
Aerospace firms Lockheed , Boeing , Northrop Grumman and done-maker General Atomics will likely compete when the government releases a request for proposals ( RFP ) to fill the capabilities gap . The RFP wo n't go out until later in 2017 , USNI said . And even once an RFP goes out , the General Services Administration ( GSA ) agency will have to work with the Pentagon to choose a contract winner . Only from there could the Stingray be built . But the fiscal year 2018 budget allocates more than $ 220 million to research and develop the UAV .
Calls for expediting the MQ-25A 's timeline date back to November 2016 .
“ We need to get the [ MQ-25A ] to the fleet as quick as we can so we can start learning about that manned-unmanned teaming and integrate that into the air wing , ” Naval air systems commander Vice Adm. Mike Shoemaker said , according to a RealClearDefense report .
Apart from the Stingray , “ the Navy has not outlined its next steps for unmanned carrier aviation beyond the limited goals for the MQ-25A , ” USNI reported .
Gram staining is one of the initial screening test to distinguish and classify the bacterial species into gram positive and gram negative which thus helps in the presumptive diagnosis of various disease type . Over the years , manual staining procedure has been followed in the labs for performing the test which is directly related to the microbiologist 's experience and technique . Nowadays , the development of automated gram staining systems overcome the traditional cumbersome procedure that lacks reliability and reproducibility . Although following a standardized operating procedure , gram staining results vary with different technologists but these gram staining systems result in providing rapid , standardized results for different specimen types with minimum reagent use . The gram staining systems also remove manual manipulations in the process and proves to be economical in terms of reagent consumption . This method uses only 10 % of the volume of reagents typically used in manual staining procedures . Gram staining systems use fresh staining reagent each time all the slides are remained separated in order to avoid any cross-contamination . These automated gram staining systems undergo all the process of conventional gram staining such as staining , washing and drying of slides and each process periods are controlled by a timer built in the microcontroller .
Market players with commercially available gram staining systems have patented technologies installed in their systems but the aim of all the systems is to provide faster , efficient and reproducible results .
Gram Staining Systems Market : Drivers & Restraints
Several technical advantages of the automated system such as reduced time , minimal reagent use and standardized results support the market growth of these gram staining systems . These systems also have easy handling user interface and provide more traceability . Furthermore , several technical challenges associated with the traditional gram staining procedure also promotes the use of automated gram staining systems . Automated systems also provide cost-effective solution compared to the conventional one by reducing the waste produced . Nowadays , researchers are also engaged in improving the management of laboratory quality and increasing their standards which further fuels the use of fully automated laboratory instruments . There exist several limitations for the market growth of gram staining systems as these automated processes are being followed only in the high-volume microbiology laboratories . As well as , most of the laboratories accept manual gram staining as the standard operating procedure and keep the automated gram staining systems as an alternative .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6919
Gram Staining Systems Market : Overview
There is an increasing adoption of automated systems in the laboratory procedures which represents a huge opportunity for the automated gram staining systems to penetrate the market . Several studies also prove the advantage of gram staining systems over the traditional staining methods . There exist only very few players in the market for automated gram staining systems , representing an opportunity to develop and launch certain products in the market producing cost-effective results . Hospitals followed by academic institutes would be the most targeted segment for penetrating the market of gram staining systems as they are mostly used in the clinical diagnosis as well as in-house research purpose .
Gram Staining Systems Market : Region-wise Outlook
Geographically , North America leads the market for Gram Staining Systems owing to the adoption of advanced systems in the laboratory diagnosis and research . As well as the penetration of automated systems is also higher in the developed countries which supports the market growth over the region . This is followed by the Western Europe market with EU5 having the maximum share . This is due to the presence of better diagnostic and research facilities supported by several fundings . The market for gram staining systems in Japan also represents significant growth rate over the forecast period . The Asia-Pacific market represents a huge opportunity for the gram staining systems as the number of academic research is increasing in the region and continuous improvement has been observed in the development of diagnostic and research facilities . Latin America followed by the Middle East and Africa represents the least market share for gram staining systems due to the more adoption of the conventional staining procedures .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6919
Gram Staining Systems Market Treatment Market : Key Players
Some of the players in the Gram Staining Systems market includes Hardy Diagnostics , ELITechGroup , bioMérieux SA , F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd , Lorne Laboratories Limited , Lennox Framework Agreement , Labema Oy , Axon Lab AG and others .
Following the full time whistle at Turf Moor Burnley fans took to social media .
Here 's how they reacted :
Shri . Sanjay Dalmia , leading philanthropist and industry leader hosted an afternoon for activist and author Kota Neelima 's book Widows of Vidharbha : Making of Shadows , that chronicles the life of 16 widows of Indian farmers . The evening was followed by a panel discussion between Ms. Neelima and Mr.Dalmia offering an insightful perspective . The panel was moderated by senior journalist Ms. Gargi Parsai , who has extensively written on farmers ' suicide , agriculture , food , water resources , rural development , gender and health issues .
They tabled their views on the various development lead policies of the government on farmers . Ms. Kota Neelima said , “ The government and political parties deal with farmers like patrons , deciding who does and does n't deserve support . However , when it comes to corporate , the same state trusts businessmen with not just massive loans but friendly policy . The question has to be asked : Is it really a democracy where the rich get what they want and the farmers commit suicide because he is invisible to the state ? ”
Mr. Sanjay Damia talked about the initiatives and contributions by the industry leaders towards the farmers . His recommendations to the governing bodies as well as other fellow Indians looked at enhancing and uplifting the status of farmers in our country . He said , “ Farmers ' suicides and government apathy are closely linked to each other . Progressively , governments have , in their quest of appeasing the city denizens and corporate India neglected those who till the land and fill our plates with food . ”
Hard loan terms , shifty markets , and zero progress in the technology enhancement of the agricultural sector have rendered the farmer helpless . Even the proposed reserve price is too small a support to offer .
The talk was attended by city 's significant personalities including Ms. Anshu Khanna , Ms. Sushmita Clays , Laxmana Dalmia , Jai Madaan , Parul Mahajan , Amber Paridhi Sahai at the Dalmia House , 9 Tees January Marg , New Delhi .
Google is making lots of changes in their geographical apps . Today , they are going to launch the revamped Google Earth in New York . This brings quite a lot of new features to help the user . Not just this , they even rolled out a new update for Google Maps on iOS .
As it is expected , this new version of Google Maps app on iOS with build number 4.30.0 is offering a set of new things to try on . Not just the minor bug fixes , it even made some notable changes in the app . They have revamped their user interface to simplify the services offered by them . The brand-new update is aimed to work better with the iOS operating system .
Also Read : Google 's new Family Link app now available to iOS users
It makes use of iMessage feature to share the location with friends . It even includes a new widget for direction . This new widget helps you to access your direction from anywhere . That is , one can simply swipe their lock screen to view the directions using Google Maps .
This feature has made everything so easy that one does n't even have to open the app to view them . If you wish to share your location with family and friends , then even this is possible in this new version .
Also Read : Apple to completely pull out 32-bit support on iOS 11
One can quickly share their current coordinates in a map with the trusted member by just using a simple text message . It uses the default iMessage app present in your device to let you use this feature . If you are traveling , then you are supposed to send multiple such messages to the other person .
Though Google is trying to offer something new in this update , we can admit the fact that it has to face the tough competition from Apple Maps . You can access these features and try it by yourself by downloading the latest Google Maps version 4.30.0 from the App Store .
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman : Lost & Found Timeline
1:19 A love story for the ages
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house , here 's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump 's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
Derbyshire-based singing group DaleDiva will be ten years old in November 2017 .
It 's been an extraordinary rollercoaster ride over that period for the members of the ensemble , whose main aim has always been to entertain and bring joy to audiences .
A spokesperson for the group said : “ We are now in a position to be able to celebrate our tenth year by offering YOU the chance to benefit from DaleDiva .
“ We are looking to support ten charities or worthwhile causes in the next 12 months leading up to our tenth birthday . If you are involved in a local charity or group that needs funds then this could be your chance to fundraiser by hosting DaleDiva .
“ Those selected will have the benefit of DaleDiva performing free of charge - at an agreed date - to raise monies for your project . You will be expected to arrange the event but ALL the money raised will be yours . ”
If you are interested please email : julieythornhill @ gmail.com and you will receive more details on how to apply .
Closing date is Sunday , January 15 .
Photo by Martin Brown
Changing dynamics prompts review of IDB portfolio
DPI , Guyana , Friday , October 06 , 2017
The Senior Vice President of the Inter-American Development Bank IDB ) Julie Katzman is currently in Guyana to review the IDB portfolio , with the government , and to look at areas for continued collaboration .
Speaking with the Department of Public Information ( DPI ) at a cocktail reception held in her honor , Minister of Finance Winston Jordon opined the visit stems from a speech he made at the IDB , where he called for “ out of the box thinking . ”
According to Minister Jordan , the world is “ a dynamic place ” and frequently banks and multilateral agencies have to respond to the changing dynamics in their member countries . He noted the dynamics in Guyana have changed with the administration assuming office after 23 years , therefore priorities and focus will be different .
The meeting with Katzaman and her team highlighted several issues and challenges and identified possible solutions . Minister Jordan disclosed that the present administration inherited some major issues .
“ One of the problems is that we inherited a significant portfolio from the previous government and this portfolio has in it a number of projects that we would call ill-conceived or virtually dead projects . We have loans for example that we approved since 2012 , by the time we got in , they had not moved virtually one inch in terms of disbursement , ” he explained .
As a result , resources were lost while others were reprogrammed .
The minister cited the example of the loan granted for the widening of Sherriff Street , which he opined should not have been prioritised over the issues such as health and education . That money will now go to the housing sector between the catchment area of Sheriff Street and Mandela Avenue where it is expected to benefit the poor .
Meantime , the IBD representative has already visited several IDB funded projects and met with various government representatives .
Katzman said the discussions dealt with current portfolio ; the emerging oil and gas sector and how Guyana can benefit and ways to accelerate the execution of loans in the portfolio . She also disclosed that IBD 's Head of Infrastructure has met with local infrastructure Minister David Patterson to discuss future projects .
At the reception , Katzman was presented with an artist 's impression of the walkover at Providence .
By : Natasha Smith .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Following the dramatic deaths of Emma and her son Finn in Emmerdale last week , the village is in a state of shock .
In the ITV soap , Pete goes to the hospital to visit Moira and starts to bond with the baby boy she suddenly gave birth to in the barn blaze .
When Adam arrives to visit his infant brother , he and Pete start to argue - leading to Moira revealing that she 's not sure who the child 's father is .
( Image : ITVut )
Pete angrily demands a paternity test and storms out of the hospital . Later a nurse conducts the test and Moira is left feeling overwhelmed by her situation .
Later , Cain is knocked for six when a bitter Pete confronts him in the street and tells him he 's probably the father of the baby .
When the paternity test results arrive , it 's confirmed that the Dingle bad boy is the father . Pete is devastated , while Cain storms off in shock . Harriet is convinced that the shock news will spell the end of her relationship with Cain .
However , when Harriet suggests that he should finish with her , Cain is adamant that he and Moira have no future together . But will he eventually give in to his true feelings towards the farmer ?
Surprise snog for Vanessa and Charity
( Image : ITV )
When Vanessa and Charity unwittingly get locked in the Woolpack cellar , they avoid boredom by getting stuck into a bottle of whiskey .
However , when they 're both tipsy , it leads to a cheeky kiss which soon turns passionate .
Lydia 's lies concern Kerry
( Image : ITV )
Rishi is determined to meet the factory 's new employee - and Lydia feels pressured to keep lying about this fictional character .
Kerry is suspicious when she overhears Lydia giving Rishi a phone number . What is she up to ? And will Kerry tell Sam that she thinks Rishi and Lydia are having an affair ?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man who posted a Trip Advisor-style review about holding cells in a police station has been jailed for real after yearning for prison to `` clear his head '' .
Christian Willoughby became well known a year ago when he posted a review of his cell at Grimsby police station on social media - giving it `` four stars . ''
The tongue in cheek review , prompted an urgent investigation by Humberside Police into what it called a serious security breach , the Grimsby Telegraph reports .
And now the 35-year-old has been jailed for 15 months for breaching a suspended prison sentence and taking a van without permission .
( Photo : Ross Parry / SWNS Group )
( Photo : Ross Parry / SWNS Group )
In his `` just for a laugh '' review 12 months ago , Willoughby described the cells he was held in a posted a series of pictures .
He wrote : `` It 's the all day breakfast that lets it down really . Apart from that the staff are pleasant enough '' .
At a hearing at Grimsby Crown Court , Willoughby admitted taking a vehicle without consent and having no insurance on March 11 .
He also admitted breaching a one-year suspended prison sentence imposed on March 24 last year for producing cannabis , as well as charges of assault , theft and driving offences .
The court heard he had punched his wife , Anna Willoughby , in the face and kicked her when she fell down . He took her mobile phone and told police he had thrown it out of a car window .
The court was told Willoughby wanted to be jailed so he could “ clear his head '' . He wanted to sober up after suffering drinking problems and needed to get back “ on the straight and narrow '' , the court heard .
Patricia Doherty , prosecuting , said police were told about a van in a ditch at Saltfleet . Willoughby was found in the driver 's seat and was with his father , Arnold Willoughby . The van had come from a council depot .
( Photo : Ross Parry / SWNS Group )
( Photo : Ross Parry / SWNS Group )
Willoughby was aggressive towards the police and had to be squirted with parva spray .
The court was also told that when police went to his home on an unrelated matter on July 12 , 2015 , they found 47 cannabis plants and growing equipment .
Felicity Campbell , defending , said Willoughby committed the most recent offences so he would be arrested and taken into custody .
She said his life had taken a turn for the worse over the last three months .
“ He needed a period in custody to clear his head and put him back on the straight and narrow , '' said Miss Campbell .
He lost his job in London , started drinking and his relationship broke down .
“ He feels that a period in custody will help sober him up and help focus his mind , '' added Miss Campbell .
Willoughby , who has 53 previous convictions , was jailed for 15 months and banned from driving for 12-and-a-half months .
By The Associated Press
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) — The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby ( all times local ) :
9 p.m .
The jury in Bill Cosby 's sex assault trial is going home for the night after failing to reach a verdict on the third day of deliberations .
The panel decided to stop Wednesday night after revisiting a police interview where the comedian acknowledged giving accuser Andrea Constand pills and fondling her at his suburban Philadelphia estate .
Advertisement
They 'll resume Thursday morning .
The 79-year-old Cosby is facing three felony indecent assault charges that could put him in prison for the rest of his life .
Jurors have been deliberating for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday .
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as a court reporter reread Cosby 's January 2005 interview . One slunk down in his seat , looking angry .
Accuser Constand and her mother sat in the gallery as the interview was read . Gianna Constand wiped away tears at times .
___
5:45 p.m .
The jury in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault case appears ready to work late for the third night in a row .
Jurors asked for testimony about a detective 's interview with Cosby in early 2005 . The comedian acknowledged groping Andrea Constand after giving her pills .
Judge Stephen O'Neill says a court reporter is racing to transcribe that portion of last week 's testimony . The jurors ordered strombolis for dinner while they wait .
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting Andrea Constand at his home in 2004 . He says it was consensual .
The jury has been weighing Cosby 's fate for more than 24 hours over three days .
___
3:10 p.m .
The jury in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial has reviewed Andrea Constand 's testimony about the night she says the comedian drugged and violated her .
Jurors had portions of Constand 's testimony read back to them Wednesday . Constand testified last week that Cosby gave her pills , helped her to a couch and groped her without her permission while she was passed out , unable to stop him .
The 79-year-old comedian faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004 .
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter .
Jurors have deliberated some 21 hours since getting the case Monday .
___
This story has been corrected to show that jurors reviewed only a portion of Andrea Constand 's testimony , not the entire transcript .
___
12:55 p.m .
Deliberations at Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of his life .
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there , with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch . The panel has n't had any questions so far Wednesday . They asked four during the first two days of deliberations .
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault . He 's accused of drugging and violating a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004 .
Cosby 's lawyers argued that he and the woman , Andrea Constand , were lovers and that the encounter was consensual .
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby 's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand 's first police report .
___
9:20 a.m .
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial .
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago . He says it was consensual .
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault .
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse .
___
9 a.m .
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial .
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of his spokesman .
Jurors are deliberating over whether he drugged and assaulted a woman at his home in 2004 . He says the encounter was consensual .
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far .
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday , Cosby shouted the “ Fat Albert ” catchphrase , “ Hey , hey , hey ” and gave a thumbs-up as he got in his SUV .
___
1:15 a.m .
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault case .
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near . Hotel rooms are sold out for miles . Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps , and the Cosby camp 's spin grows louder .
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night . They 'll resume Wednesday morning .
Cosby spokesman Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse . He 's drawn throngs of cameras with his updates on Cosby 's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian is n't getting a fair shake .
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of his life .
___
For more on Cosby , including trial updates , historical photos , videos and an audio series exploring the case , visit http : //www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mourners turned out wearing pink and blue coloured clothing for the funeral of the 'inseparable ' teenage sweethearts killed in the Manchester Arena terror attack .
The pair made their final journey side by side today in a joint funeral in their hometown .
Hundreds came to pay tribute to 'perfect ' young couple Liam Curry , 19 , and Chloe Rutherford , 17 , in a moving ceremony at St Hilda 's Church in South Shields , South Tyneside .
Mourners wore pink and blue for the ceremony which celebrated the lives of the devoted pair who loved music and attended the Ariana Grande concert last month together .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : newcastle chronicle )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : newcastle chronicle )
'Loving , caring ' Chloe was studying music at college and was about to start an apprenticeship in travel , and supported Liam , a sport and exercise science student at Northumbria University , when his father , Andrew Curry , 49 , died in March after being diagnosed with cancer .
Chloe 's parents Mark and Lisa , both 45 , and Liam 's mother Caroline decided to hold a joint ceremony for their children .
In a tribute by their families , posted on Facebook , they said : “ On the night our daughter Chloe died and our son Liam died , their wings were ready but our hearts were not . They were perfect in every way for each other and were meant to be .
( Photo : newcastle chronicle )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
`` They were beautiful inside and out to ourselves and our families , and they were inseparable .
`` Chloe always described herself as ditzy who Liam adored and would do anything for , including dealing with Chloe 's demands for chocolate . They lived to go to new places together and explore different cities . ''
In a ceremony before a packed congregation of 500 mourners , with hundreds more outside , Mark 's poem , 'Our Perfect Couple ' , told how they would be 'together forever ' .
Liam 's mum wrote of 'My precious boy ' in the order of service , adding : `` He was unique , one in a million and he was mine . Remember Liam for the amazing young man he was and help us to celebrate his life , his love of music and course his love for Chloe , he is beautiful young lady who captured his heart . ''
Chloe was described as 'our gorgeous little baby girl ' who grew into a 'beautiful , lovely , caring , dancing , singing amazing daughter who enjoyed life and sharing many happy times with so many people along the way . '
( Photo : i-Images Picture Agency )
( Photo : i-Images Picture Agency )
( Photo : newcastle chronicle )
Her parents and elder brother Scott added : `` We will miss our cuddles and chats on the sofa together and know that you and Liam will love and be loved forever . ''
Graeme Brett , owner of Westoe Travel in South Shields where Chloe worked part-time , said : `` She was a lovely , bubbly girl . They were always such a perfect couple . ''
Liam had raised money for the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation , which funds cancer research , since he was 14 .
A foundation spokeswoman said : `` Liam was an outstanding young man and a great credit to his family . ''
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
U.S. Marine Corps 1stLt Geremiah Simoes , Executive Officer Lima Co , 3rd Battalion 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , discusses the integration of maneuver forces with Marine Aviation across the Marine Air Ground Task Force ( MAGTF ) during Weapons and Tactics Instructor course ( WTI ) 1-18 at Yuma , Az. , on Sept. 27 , 2017 . WTI is a seven week training event hosted by Marine Aviation Weapons and Tactics Squadron One ( MAWTS-1 ) cadre , which emphasizes the operational integration of the six functions of Marine Aviation in support of a MAGTF . MAWTS-1 provides standardized advanced tactical training and certification of unit instructor qualifications to support Marine Aviation Training and Readiness and assists in developing and employing aviation weapons and tactics .
AT least 619 passengers from Ozamiz City , Misamis Occidental were rescued yesterday after their ship stalled while on its way to Cebu City .
Dionilett Ampil , Philippine Coast Guard Cebu Station commander , told SunStar Cebu that they received the call for help from mv Trans Asia 2 at 5 a.m .
The ship was spotted near Gango Point off Ozamis City .
Ampit said a tugboat was sent to rescue the passengers , who were declared safe and were later accommodated in another vessel .
Ampil said the ship was dead on the water after its engine malfunctioned minutes after leaving its port of origin .
Bloomfield , Conn. ( WTNH ) – In this time of economic stress on the state level , Governor Dannel Malloy will travel to an aerospace company in Bloomfield to talk about his plans to create and keep jobs in Connecticut .
The governor 's office says Malloy will concentrate on efforts to improve the overall business climate in the state through the creation of predictability and sustainable jobs during his speech at the Kaman Corporation .
The governor will be joined by Kaman 's CEO Neal Keating and the president of the Connecticut Business and Industry Association Joe Brennan at the morning event in Bloomfield ..
In response to the release of a Republican memo alleging that the FBI abused its surveillance tools , Democrats on Capitol Hill have prepared their own memo in response .
Scroll for more content ...
California Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , produced the 10-page document as a rebuttal to the GOP memo on alleged Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act abuses that the House panel voted to make public on Monday .
For the Democrat 's memo to actually be released , it would have to undergo the same process that the Republican memo has gone through .
First , the House Intelligence Committee would vote to have the memo released to the public -- and if they vote for it , President Donald Trump would have five days to object to its public release .
When the committee voted Monday to release the memo spearheaded by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes , the committee also rejected a motion from Schiff to release his own memo at the same time .
`` Well , we are going to try to force another vote on this , '' Schiff told CBS on Friday about his memo . `` The Republicans voted down the release of the Democratic response , which was quite breathtaking , because they said they were offering their own memo in the interest of full transparency . ''
House Speaker Paul Ryan 's spokeswoman AshLee Strong said the speaker is open to the Democrat 's memo to be released .
`` The speaker is in favor of greater transparency , '' Strong said in a statement . `` If it is scrubbed to ensure it does not reveal sources and methods of our intelligence gathering , the speaker supports the release of the Democrats ' memo . ''
The Democrats ' memo charges that the Nunes memo is an attempt to help the White House with the Russia investigation . It argues that proper procedures were followed in obtaining FISA warrants .
A young Clitheroe treasure hunter discovered all 19 Christmas elves during a recent search to claim victory and a goody bag of prizes .
Ten-year-old Thomas Duckworth was crowned winner of Clitheroe Castle Museum 's competition hunt for December and is pictured with his sisters – Isabella and Amelia .
Thomas 's grandma said that the children visit the museum frequently and enjoy doing the hunt . They also like the museum because they can see how Clitheroe looked in the past .
Claire Sutton , Lancashire County Council 's museum manager at Clitheroe , said : `` Families with children love searching for the 'hidden ' toys within the museum and it 's a great way to introduce the children to local heritage . Each month we have a different theme for the hunt . ''
Tickets for the museum cost £4-30 for adults , £3-20 for concessions . Accompanied children ( aged 0-12 ) and young people ( aged 13-18 ) are free of charge .
For more information , email clitheroecastle @ lancashire.gov.uk or phone 01200 424568 . Alternatively , go to www.lancashire.gov.uk and search under museums .
Clitheroe Castle Museum is managed by Lancashire County Council 's museum service on behalf of Ribble Valley Borough Council .
Ryanair cabin crew are to hold co-ordinated strikes in four European countries , a union official says , escalating industrial action at Europe 's largest low-cost carrier , which dismissed their demands as `` pointless '' .
Cabin crew in Spain , Portugal , Italy and Belgium are planning strikes and will announce dates for the action on Thursday once authorities in Italy give their approval , Antonio Escobar , an official with Spanish union SITCPLA said on Wednesday .
He added that other countries may join the action .
The cabin crew are joining Irish Ryanair pilots who on Tuesday announced a strike for July 12 , saying the carrier had failed to improve conditions sufficiently after recognising unions in December .
Ryanair , which flies to 37 countries and carried 130 million passengers last year , averted widespread strikes before Christmas by deciding to recognise trade unions for the first time in its 32-year history . But it has since struggled to reach agreement on terms with several of them .
Cabin crew from across Europe published a list of 34 demands on Wednesday , including `` a fair living wage '' , improved sick pay and employment contracts in their own language based on local rather than Irish law .
The list of demands was drawn up by crew representing 80 per cent of Ryanair 's 86 bases , the International Transport Workers Federation , which organised the event , said in a statement .
Cabin crew said at a media briefing they were forced to physically report to work when sick to provide written details of symptoms and struggled to claim sick pay as their terms and conditions often straddled the law of Ireland and their home country .
The cabin crew , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said staff from several EU countries were forced to travel to Ireland to open bank accounts to receive their pay .
A Ryanair spokesman disputed some of the claims and described the demands as `` pointless '' considering the attractiveness of the overall package offered to staff .
He said cabin crew received sick pay and a 400-euro ( $ A630 ) annual uniform allowance and could earn up to 40,000 euros per year . Crew had attractive working hours and could not legally fly for more than an average of 18 hours per week , he said .
`` Ryanair is already engaged in extensive negotiations with national cabin crew unions across Europe during which all of these , and other issues , are being negotiated and we have already concluded agreements in the UK and Italy , '' the spokesman said .
Italian union Ultrasporti has said the agreement Ryanair secured in Italy is with a union that does not represent the majority of Ryanair cabin crew in the region .
Portuguese union SNPVAC , Spain 's SITCPLA and USO , Italy 's Ultrasporti and Belgium 's CNE/LBC in April released a joint threat to strike if their demands were not met by June 30 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Oliver says he and wife Jools Oliver have n't ruled out having more children in the future - even though at 42 he 's `` pushing his luck '' .
The celebrity chef revealed that while the sleep deprivation and endless nappy changes are tough going , Jools would never want to stop having babies if she could .
`` It is a struggle with nappies all over the house and stair gates , we 've got three sets of kids - we 've got teenagers so that 's revision , hormones , the whole thing , '' he revealed to the Daily Telegraph .
`` And they 're girls , which is really hard and they 're not interested in much I 've got to offer . And then the others are six and eight and I 'm pretty good at that . And then one is a baby and we 're back to the beginning . ''
( Image : GC Images )
When asked if that meant the end of his and Jools ' baby-making , Jamie replied : `` I think so , yes . I think at 42 you 're pushing your luck . I have n't got any more room in the car , so we 'd have to buy a bus .
`` But Jools would love me to say 'never say never . ' She 'd tell me not to rule it out . ''
It came just a week after the married couple celebrated the first birthday of their youngest child , whose full name is River Rocket Blue Dallas .
Recalling the day she gave birth to him in a cute Instagram post , Jools wrote : `` The moment we first met you , I think I was clinging on to you pretty tightly !
`` You have brought so much happiness and love in to our family . You are the happiest little soul with the biggest smile and dimple and you are so adored by your big sisters and brother and everyone around you , '' she went on .
`` So looking forward to waking you up know for the biggest cuddle . ''
The couple also have Poppy Honey Rosie , 15 ; Daisy Boo Pamela , 14 ; Petal Blossom Rainbow , eight , and six-year-old Buddy Bear Maurice .
But they suffered a devastating blow when Jools had a miscarriage at three months , which she said marred the first trimester of her subsequent pregnancies .
( Image : PA )
Jools , also 42 , revealed that she 'd found it extra hard to fall pregnant each time because she was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome at the age of 17 .
She and Jamie had to undergo hormone treatment before welcoming their firstborn in to the world - and since then every conception has been natural .
It comes after Jamie said in May that he `` really does n't '' want more children ... but the prospect of a vasectomy terrifies him .
The celebrity chef appeared on Aussie radio show Fitzy & Wippa on Nova FM to talk about family life .
Jamie joked he 's been left `` damaged '' as his other half finds playing Keeping Up With The Kardashians , TOWIE or Geordie Shore as background noise soothing while she falls drifts off .
It 's not quite so pleasant for Jamie , however .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ We 're completely different sleepers , '' he said .
`` I think there are quite a few women like her . Basically our wallpaper , our kind of melodic tone that sets us off – well not , us , her ! – is the Kardashians . I think subliminally I go to bed every night with all this s * * * e going on in my ear .
`` I try to be a balanced , nice , normal person and I have that daft sort of… it 's ridiculous is n't it ? I know everyone likes it but…
“ And when it 's not the Kardashians , it 's The Only Way Is Essex or Geordie Shore . I do n't know what it is ! And when you 're not seeing the pictures… at least when you watch it you can see something quite funny .
`` But when it 's sonic… I think it 's damaged me ! ”
( Image : E ! )
( Image : E ! )
Meanwhile , father of five Jamie also spoke out again about wanting a vasectomy - but why it has n't happened
Jamie was speaking about how much his kids would like to visit Australia , when he quipped : `` Now the wife has stopped knocking them out ... my oldest really want to come to Australia so I think next summer we 'll bring the whole family out . ''
The radio hosts then asked for the age difference between the oldest and youngest of his and Jools ' five children .
( Image : GC Images )
`` 15 and nine months , '' joked Jamie .
`` I know - it 's disgusting , is n't it ? I do n't really know what happened there , '' he added . `` Well , I do know what happened ! ''
When asked if he 'd like more kids , he said : `` I really do n't want .. but [ Jools ] did say it 's an unlucky , uneven number , which frightened me . I would go have the operation if I was n't frightened about FaceTime Live and how easily pushed over surgeons are . ''
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jamie and Jools welcomed their fifth child , River Rocket , last year - but Jamie joked back in August 2016 that Jools would n't let him get a vasectomy because she loves babies too much .
“ I 'd suggested getting the snip was a good idea , but Jools wo n't let me ... she loves babies , ” he told Gurgle .
But in September , Jamie admitted on This Morning that he 's still not against the op .
`` I think we are done , I need to be taken to a vet and spaded… '' he joked .
Correcting the chef 's mistake , Phillip Schofield said : `` Spayed ... ''
Realising he had mixed up a vasectomy with an animal getting spayed , Jamie laughed : “ Oh spayed , maybe spayed would be more thorough ! ''
Date Taken : 04.17.2017 Date Posted : 04.17.2017 13:30 Category : Newscasts Audio ID : 47548 Filename : 1704/DOD_104282914.mp3 Length : 00:00:59 Year 2016 Genre Blues Location : US
Web Views : 6 Downloads : 1 High-Res . Downloads : 1 Podcast Hits : 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work , Air Force Radio News A 17 April 17 , by SSgt Jevon Smith , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Rushing Offense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Car RuYD Tds Yds Pg Army West Point 12 698 4,270 45 355.8 Navy 12 746 4,116 35 343.0 Arizona 12 570 3,893 48 324.4 Air Force 12 765 3,689 38 307.4 Georgia Tech 11 632 3,381 30 307.4 Fla. Atlantic 13 605 3,682 47 283.2 Notre Dame 12 526 3,349 35 279.1 Oregon 12 600 3,216 40 268.0 South Fla. 11 586 2,919 29 265.4 Alabama 12 531 3,184 36 265.3 Georgia 13 591 3,426 36 263.5 San Diego St. 12 554 3,027 29 252.3 Louisville 12 456 2,999 32 249.9 Mississippi St. 12 579 2,995 26 249.6 Ohio St. 13 551 3,242 32 249.4 Tulsa 12 592 2,967 36 247.3 Ohio 12 522 2,930 40 244.2 UNLV 12 528 2,882 29 240.2 New Mexico 12 542 2,825 21 235.4 Tulane 12 575 2,778 31 231.5 Wisconsin 13 585 2,979 28 229.2 Auburn 13 598 2,966 32 228.2 Western Mich. 12 562 2,697 26 224.8 Boston College 12 575 2,690 23 224.2 Ga. Southern 12 644 2,668 19 222.3 Toledo 13 537 2,834 32 218.0 Oklahoma 13 501 2,807 31 215.9 Appalachian St. 12 477 2,580 23 215.0 Colorado St. 12 487 2,533 24 211.1 LSU 12 521 2,529 25 210.8 Memphis 12 427 2,509 33 209.1 Stanford 13 446 2,676 29 205.8 Clemson 13 545 2,653 40 204.1 UCF 12 464 2,414 38 201.2 Missouri 12 452 2,395 15 199.6 Southern California 13 507 2,534 28 194.9 UAB 12 504 2,283 27 190.3 Washington 12 447 2,278 34 189.8 Southern Miss . 12 470 2,268 18 189.0 Northern Ill. 12 529 2,247 17 187.3 Rice 12 486 2,244 20 187.0 Kansas St. 12 470 2,240 25 186.7 Michigan 12 496 2,236 25 186.3 SMU 12 445 2,230 26 185.8 UTSA 11 445 2,030 11 184.5 Wake Forest 12 489 2,210 20 184.2 Louisiana 12 452 2,204 27 183.7 Oklahoma St. 12 473 2,200 33 183.3 Minnesota 12 525 2,189 20 182.4 Arizona St. 12 535 2,159 26 179.9 NC State 12 453 2,129 29 177.4 TCU 13 507 2,291 26 176.2 North Texas 13 492 2,288 28 176.0 Houston 11 416 1,930 24 175.5 Louisiana Tech 12 457 2,101 21 175.1 La.-Monroe 12 459 2,044 27 170.3 Utah St. 12 440 2,041 23 170.1 Kentucky 12 466 2,037 24 169.8 Hawaii 12 420 2,018 15 168.2 Arkansas 12 462 2,016 24 168.0 Duke 12 495 2,015 19 167.9 Penn St. 12 413 2,009 33 167.4 Virginia Tech 12 534 2,006 17 167.2 Charlotte 12 428 1,995 13 166.3 FIU 12 454 1,981 20 165.1 Old Dominion 12 461 1,967 17 163.9 Michigan St. 12 499 1,955 15 162.9 Maryland 12 436 1,940 19 161.7 Syracuse 12 479 1,938 16 161.5 Utah 12 473 1,935 19 161.3 Northwestern 12 481 1,931 28 160.9 West Virginia 12 439 1,925 18 160.4 Miami ( FL ) 12 385 1,916 17 159.7 Texas A & M 12 475 1,908 24 159.0 Ball St. 12 497 1,906 15 158.8 Colorado 12 499 1,886 17 157.2 Arkansas St. 11 424 1,727 16 157.0 Fresno St. 13 476 2,039 20 156.8 Florida 11 400 1,720 15 156.4 Kent St. 12 520 1,830 10 152.5 Bowling Green 12 430 1,820 13 151.7 Purdue 12 407 1,811 11 150.9 Florida St. 12 418 1,810 17 150.8 Troy 12 374 1,807 27 150.6 Pittsburgh 12 460 1,782 21 148.5 Rutgers 12 436 1,765 19 147.1 UConn 12 486 1,752 17 146.0 Boise St. 13 485 1,897 23 145.9 Miami ( OH ) 12 445 1,751 12 145.9 Middle Tenn. 12 398 1,730 13 144.2 North Carolina 12 427 1,730 17 144.2 Central Mich. 12 427 1,725 18 143.8 Iowa 12 442 1,709 15 142.4 Texas 12 465 1,702 23 141.8 Texas Tech 12 424 1,699 18 141.6 Buffalo 12 428 1,693 18 141.1 Oregon St. 12 411 1,650 18 137.5 Temple 12 420 1,632 12 136.0 Massachusetts 12 418 1,624 19 135.3 Cincinnati 12 371 1,624 11 135.3 Texas St. 12 480 1,609 11 134.1 Ole Miss 12 370 1,607 19 133.9 Marshall 12 422 1,584 12 132.0 BYU 13 404 1,697 12 130.5 Indiana 12 449 1,561 11 130.1 Eastern Mich. 12 422 1,555 14 129.6 South Carolina 12 379 1,527 15 127.3 Nevada 12 362 1,526 12 127.2 California 12 416 1,507 17 125.6 Idaho 12 446 1,495 10 124.6 UCLA 12 372 1,444 19 120.3 San Jose St. 13 483 1,561 6 120.1 Iowa St. 12 385 1,438 15 119.8 Tennessee 12 413 1,409 14 117.4 Baylor 12 414 1,407 10 117.3 Georgia St. 11 396 1,265 10 115.0 Akron 13 422 1,406 14 108.2 Wyoming 12 404 1,293 13 107.8 East Carolina 12 396 1,292 10 107.7 Nebraska 12 368 1,290 13 107.5 Vanderbilt 12 348 1,286 14 107.2 Illinois 12 386 1,267 11 105.6 Kansas 12 391 1,231 11 102.6 New Mexico St. 12 328 1,214 17 101.2 Virginia 12 371 1,186 10 98.8 South Ala. 12 375 1,167 10 97.3 UTEP 12 346 1,147 9 95.6 Washington St. 12 295 860 8 71.7 Western Ky. 12 370 793 15 66.1
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CLOSE Delaware teacher and runner Will Rehrig took first place in the men 's division of the 55th annual Caesar Rodney Half Marathon Sunday in Wilmington . Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Buy Photo Steve Sinko , right , with Fusion Inclusion pushes Nick Scarberry during the 55th annual Caesar Rodney Half Marathon Sunday in Wilmington . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Steve Sinko will run his sixth Boston Marathon next month , knowing quite well the demands lurking there .
Sunday 's 55th annual Caesar Rodney Half-Marathon hinted just how different and challenging this year 's 26.2-mile jaunt from Hopkinton to the Boylston Street finish in Boston 's Back Bay neighborhood will be .
Sinko made the final , torturous climb up Market Street to the Rodney Square finish line while pushing 23-year-old Nick Scarberry in a Fusion Inclusion racing chair .
BASKETBALL : Recent hall-of-fame inductee Kimmel dies
HIGH SCHOOLS : Senior mat classic on tap
Then he stopped , put his hands on his knees and took a few breaths .
He had certainly earned those .
Among Delaware 's top runners since his days as a two-time state 800-meter champ at St. Mark 's High , Sinko , now 41 , still finished 18th overall while covering those hilly 13.1 miles in one hour , 25 minutes and 52 seconds .
Scarberry , 23 , of Elkton , Maryland , has autism and mild cerebral palsy and is non-verbal , said his father Preston . He would n't be able to run a race himself . But he appeared delighted from having completed the Caesar Rodney Half-Marathon with Sinko .
“ This is race number 23 for him , ” Preston Scarberry said . “ . . . He loves people and wants to be out with people . We have a younger son [ Dylan ] who 's 20 , and when Nick saw him playing sports he wanted to come out and kick the soccer ball around and stuff like that . That made him want to be more active .
“ I pushed him once in the Main Street Mile . He 's 145 pounds and the chair is 40 . For Steve to have done what he did today , in an hour and 25 minutes , that 's really good . ”
Buy Photo Steve Sinko , right , with Fusion Inclusion pushes Nick Scarberry during the 55th annual Caesar Rodney Half Marathon Sunday in Wilmington . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal )
At Boston , Sinko will push Preston Buenaga , whose mother , Deb , spearheaded the area running inclusion movement while propelling her son , who has mitochondrial disease . In 2016 , they completed their first marathon together at Virginia Beach .
“ I had no reason to go back to Boston myself . I 've had the experience , ” said Sinko , who ran his fastest Boston , a 2:28:25 , to place 56th in 2010 . “ It 's really about going back up there and taking him through it that day and letting him see something like that .
“ It 's great because it 's going to give us a lot of exposure for what we do having these chairs . There are a lot of places that still think they 're a liability and do n't want them in the races or limit them . And I understand that . We 're very safe about what we do at Fusion Inclusion and Fusion Racing but there 's no reason you ca n't have these and give people a chance . It 's the one sport that [ because of the chairs ] anybody can do it and anybody should be able to do it and it 's gon na be cool to give him that experience and let him see what it 's like . ”
The Boston Marathon is where the idea of runners pushing someone in a wheeled device was born , thanks to Dick Hoyt and his son Rick . Hoyt pushed his son in 32 Boston Marathons through 2014 . Seeing them always brought even more noise – and a few tears – from the huge crowds lining the route .
Like independent runners at Boston , those pushing someone in an adaptive chair must earn a qualifying time to enter . Sinko and Buenaga , now 19 , did that at the Philadelphia Marathon in 2016 and will be one of just eight such teams at the 116th Boston Marathon on April 16 .
They are the first starters at 8:50 a.m. in the mobility-impaired category .
“ Preston and I will among the first people to cross the line that day , so that 's cool , ” said Sinko , a personal trainer at Newark 's Fusion Fitness who coaches cross-country and track at Newark Charter .
“ The big thing for that is , Preston 's run a lot of races around here . He 's done stuff with his mom . He 's done Marine Corps [ marathon ] . He 's never seen anything like Boston , with the crowds . Even when we were in Philly , which does n't have a hundredth the crowds of Boston , he was amazed when you went by the spectator spots . ”
That 's part of the allure , Sinko added , to give those who would n't normally experience the thrill of Boston 's cheering throngs that sensation . But it 's also to experience those challenges the runner endures .
“ The reason I do this is to give these guys my perspective of racing , ” he said . “ People who want to push , they get nervous because they 'll say ‘ I ca n't push like you do . ' I 'll say ‘ Well , that 's all right . It 's not about you back here . It 's about the person in the chair , giving them the experience . They do n't care how fast you go . '
“ For me , I can give them my perspective of racing , and it 's just going to be cool for Preston to go out there and see all that . ”
Contact Kevin Tresolini at ktresolini @ delawareonline.com . Follow on Twitter @ kevintresolini .
DOHA , Qatar ( AP ) — Defending champion Novak Djokovic had a slow start to his first match of 2017 before prevailing 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-3 over Jan-Lennard Struff in the first round of the Qatar Open on Monday .
Second-seeded Djokovic trailed 4-0 in the opener before recovering to 5-5 and finally finding his form in the tiebreaker , where his 63rd-ranked German opponent won only one point .
The second-ranked Serb broke serve in the first and last games of the second set to close out the match .
Djokovic next plays either Horacio Zeballos or Florian Mayer in the second round .
Top-seeded Andy Murray plays 69th-ranked Jeremy Chardy of France in his opener on Tuesday .
Murray , who took the top ranking from Djokovic at the end of last year , was in action on Monday with Mariusz Fyrstenberg in the doubles . The pair lost to David Marrero and Nenad Zimonjic 6-2 , 6-4 .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
It 's time for a serious , data-driven look at hot dogs and chocolate cake shakes .
The new Portillo 's opening Tuesday in Normal is widely considered one of the most—or the most—anticipated restaurants openings in this community 's history . ( Sorry , Chick-fil-A . )
So what can the level of social media chatter about the new Portillo 's tell us about how big a deal this is locally ? To help answer that question , we sat down with Nate Carpenter , director of convergent media at Illinois State University 's School of Communication . He leads the school 's Social Media Analytics Command Center ( SMACC ) , where he teaches students how to analyze social media data and trends .
1 . It 's Insanely Popular . Even by Portillo 's Standards
The Facebook post on the official Portillo 's page about the new Normal location ranks among the company 's Top 10 most popular posts of all time . It generated around 7,400 shares , 2,200 comments , and 10,100 reactions since being posted in April 2016 .
The only other “ new location ” announcement that was more popular was for the new Portillo 's in Tampa .
The Normal announcement topped a similar announcement for the Champaign-Urbana location , which has already opened . That post ranks No . 41 on the Portillo 's page , vs. No . 10 for Normal .
“ The comparison is pretty stark , ” Carpenter said .
2 . Normal Excitement > Champaign Excitement
They may have the bigger state university , but we 've apparently got the bigger Portillo 's buzz .
A tweet about the Portillo 's groundbreaking in Normal received the most retweets ( 514 ) and favorites ( 1,019 ) of any tweet from the company 's flagship account .
What was the second-most popular tweet ? The one about the groundbreaking in Champaign , which generated 217 retweets and 657 favorites .
For some perspective , Portillo 's Twitter account receives an average of 4 retweets and 7 favorites per post .
3 . College Students Are Really , Very , Super Excited
Students at Illinois State and Illinois Wesleyan universities are the big drivers in Bloomington-Normal 's social media community , particularly on Twitter and Instagram .
To that end , ISU 's Social Media Analytics Command Center has spotted more than 1,300 tweets originating or retweeted from Bloomington-Normal Twitter accounts discussing Portillo 's since the Oak Brook-based chain announced it was opening a Twin City restaurant .
Since the announcement , Bloomington-Normal tweets about Portillo 's potentially reached 772,660 other Twitter users and were retweeted to a potential audience of 533,732 other Twitter users . We do n't know yet whether Bloomington-Normal will benefit from having a Portillo 's .
We do know that Portillo 's is benefitting from the attention .
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one . As someone who values experienced , knowledgeable , and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois , please consider making a contribution .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PALMERTON -- A music store owner in Carbon County has a message for would-be vandals : smile for the camera !
Security video shows the vandal struggle to flip the heavy concrete bench in front of Prodigy Studios in Palmerton .
The bench is toppled and cracked .
`` It 's not just a park bench to me , '' owner Tony Oriolo said .
He says vandals went on an early morning tear along Delaware Avenue , knocking over signs and seating at places including Halls of Horror .
`` It gets me annoyed . We work hard for all this stuff and it does get me annoyed , '' said Charles Knight with Halls of Horror .
In less than 24 hours , Tony Oriolo used a combination of his security footage and Facebook to figure out who broke his bench .
`` I recognized his friends and through the power of Facebook , you can figure out who is connected at any given time if you are a good enough detective , '' Oriolo said .
Then he sent the man a message , and he heard back .
`` He fessed up to it . ''
The guy in the video turned out to be a customer .
The story has another twist . Oriolo says not only did someone donate new concrete bench ends , the vandal volunteered to bring them to the store himself .
`` He even offered to work here in the music store to make amends . ''
Detectives with Palmerton police told Oriolo if that works out , they may not file charges .
`` He is not a bad guy . He just probably made some bad choices last night . ''
This modern-day music man figures his tale is a lesson to aspiring criminals , with cameras everywhere , your cover can get blown .
Governor Northam has proclaimed today Dam Safety Awareness Day . It falls on the anniversary of the worst dam-related disaster in Johnstown , Pennsylvania in 1889 where more than 2,200 lives were lost . The day is meant to bring awareness about the risks associated with a failure and how you can protect your family . Since 1995 , more than 100 failures have occurred in Virginia , resulting in four deaths .
Local high school students will celebrate the completion of a national career program today . Nearly 190 high school students in Virginia , who have intellectual and developmental disabilities , took part in the program during the school year , gaining skills and experience in the health care or business . A completion ceremony starts at 4 p.m. today at Central Lynchburg General Hospital , with Virginia Health and Human Resources Secretary , Daniel Cary , attending .
The Community Development Advisory Committee in Lynchburg will meet today to review grant applications associated with the From Poverty to Progress initiative . City council formed the committee to review the application . Money will be awarded from funds set aside by the city to reduce poverty .
Today is the deadline to apply for scholarships from the Patrick Henry Community College Foundation . More than 120 scholarships are being offered to those who do not qualify for money from the Harvest Foundation . The deadline to submit application is 4 p.m .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A restaurant called a would-be diner an `` epic tool '' and a `` moron '' after they posted a negative review on TripAdvisor .
It also mocked their clothing following the one-star review .
Bosses at Wallfish Bistro in Bristol responded to reviewer Jeff P after he complained about a `` rude '' waitress which told his group all tables were booked .
Jeff P left a one-star review - sparking fury from the restaurant who also branded him a `` moron '' .
The party had n't booked a table for Sunday lunch at the eatery , which is on a site occupied by late TV chef Keith Floyd 's bistro in the '70s and '80s .
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
Jeff P 's review said : “ We arrived on a Sunday lunchtime .
“ Asked the chef if they were open he said yes , we sat at an empty table and waited for the server to arrive .
“ When she did , we had that horrible ‘ have you booked ' conversation… The server was so rude and made us fell ( sic ) so awkward , ” he added .
He then told how diners at a table nearby said they were just leaving and said they were welcome to sit there .
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
He added : “ But we were just left hanging , not knowing if we could stay or not .
“ At no time did she ask us to leave , so we had to ask her if we could eat there or not .
`` She just glared at us like we had walked into her home uninvited and made the situation even more awful than it needed to be .
`` We will not be returning . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
Wallfish Bistro tweeted a screenshot of the review and slammed Jeff P .
They wrote : `` So this epic tool works fast .
“ Being open does n't in any moron 's world mean that the only available table is yours to put your horrorshow cagoules on to .
“ This was from today . He must have been frothing with anger to move so swift . Liberty just said we were full ! ”
Last month , Wallfish owners Seldon Curry and Liberty Wenham announced it was closing and put the business up for sale .
Bengaluru : Women were harassed and even molested on the streets of the city on New Year 's eve , as per media reports .
Reports said that riotous crowd in the central Bengaluru areas of MG Road , Brigade Road and Church Street shouted lewd remarks at the women , who rushed to policemen on duty for help .
`` By midnight , the shouts of happy new year turned to help me , “ K Anantha Subramanyam , a photographer for Bangalore Mirror , was quoted as saying by News18 .
He was witness to the scenes that unfolded .
`` We were a group of three boys and six girls . We were waiting for our cab , but so many rowdies were passing lewd remarks that we sought out policemen and stood near uniformed cops till our cab came . We were clearly outnumbered so did n't want to take any chances by questioning the drunk men . Drunk men passing by in cars would accost and shout at girls walking on the road . If they too were walking by , they would try to come and wish a happy new year , wanting to touch the girls and take selfies . It was disgusting , `` a city resident who was on Church Street , Tejasvi Mahadev , was quoted by the media house as saying .
He added that there were no senior police officials in the spot and others on deployment were in certain pockets and not spread across the region .
Also , constables reportedly watched helplessly as they realised that they were outnumbered .
`` People got out of the clubs around 1 or 1:30 am and it was chaotic , a lot of crowd was on the streets . I felt it was unsafe as drunk men were all around us . I had male friends who had accompanied me but the drunk men outnumbered them . We went in search for cops so that we feel safe . Even in front of cops those drunk men kept eve teasing women and trying to touch them , nothing was done as police stood silent spectators , '' a girl who was at church street told News18 .
Reacting to the matter , Karnataka DGP Om Prakash said , `` Since such reports have come , will identify culprits and take action , '' as per ANI .
On the other hand , Karnataka Home Minister G Parameshwara said , `` It 's unfortunate , had installed more than 25 CCTVs , will examine . Such incidents do happen on New Year day and on Christmas . We take a lot of precautions . ''
( With Agency inputs )
These Top Schools Are Offering Big Savings On Master 's Degrees , But There 's A Catch
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
There 's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master 's degrees out there more affordable .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology , for example , says the class of 2018 can get a master 's degree in supply chain management with tens of thousands in savings . The university 's normal price runs upwards of $ 67,000 for the current academic year .
But it 's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill . There are big hurdles for students , and clear benefits for the universities .
It 's called a MicroMasters and MIT , Columbia University , the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot with courses like entrepreneurship , user interface design and artificial intelligence .
What 's in it for students : New skills , lower cost
Meet Danaka Porter . She 's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver , British Columbia , and says a master 's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career .
`` I found that people were a little bit more respected , I guess , once they had their master 's , '' she says . `` It was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further . ''
But she could n't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again . She owns a house and , `` I have bills , and all of that stuff that does n't stop because I wanted to go to school , '' she says .
When a friend told her that MIT was piloting its first partially online master 's degree in supply chain management , she signed up .
The tuition for a year in the master 's program costs $ 67,938 . Her MicroMasters certification , though , is just $ 1,350 .
It 's called a MicroMasters because it is n't a full degree , just a step toward one , though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT 's campus in Cambridge .
`` It requires a lot of effort , and if you do n't have a background in math , engineering or supply chain it 's not a breeze . Like , we do have people that fail , '' she says .
Even if students do n't go for a full master 's , the online coursework can make them more appealing to employers .
Industry leaders who say they ca n't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like those offered through the MicroMasters . GE , Walmart , IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take the courses .
What 's in it for schools : Filtering the very best applicants
Back to Danaka Proter , even if she passes the certification , she 'll still need to complete a semester on campus at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree . It 's part of what MIT calls the `` blended '' program — online and on-campus .
Getting accepted is no easy task . MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program and admissions officers at MIT say they 'll weigh applicants ' performance in these online courses before admitting them .
`` When you get applications from people all over the world , it 's often a crap-shoot , '' says Anant Agarwal , an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX , which makes these online courses possible . `` You do n't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades . And so you 're taking a bet very often . ''
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they 're lucky enough to get in .
Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped down from daily operations at his restaurant company after allegations of sexual misconduct . NPR 's Kelly McEvers speaks with Amanda Kludt , Editor-in-Chief of the online publication Eater , which broke the story .
Poster-lite
Joined : Wed Aug 25 , 2004 4:46 pm
Posts : 568
Location : Sydney , AU
A huge thanks to a Big Fun crew and the mighty Sunday evening crowd—some of whom can be heard throughout the mix , if you listen closely !
We were thrilled to be asked to play this one , and having the opportunity to showcase the sound we 've been really digging of late—straight-up swinging , funky , disco-driven house music ! —which is really well represented in this offering !
We hope you enjoy this one !
P.S . Plenty coming up on the Attic-front for us really soon , too : an upstairs takeover at Goodbar with the Kyoku Records boys , a trip across to Manly for Original Vibe and , of course , a big announcement for our next event ! Stay tuned ... tell your friends !
> Download Here
> Soundcloud Link
Link to track on SoundCloud
: Tracklisting :
01 : Bas Roos - 'One Way ' ( Original Mix ) [ Exploited ]
02 : Jeremy Juno - 'Stepped Into My Life ' ( Original Mix ) [ Nervous Records ]
03 : Junktion - ' I 'm Wishin ' ( Original Mix ) [ Razor-N-Tape Records ]
04 : Cody Currie - 'Movin ' Smoke ' ( Original Mix ) [ Razor-N-Tape Records ]
05 : Voodoo Whiskey - 'Get Next To You ' ( Original Mix ) [ Masterworks Music ]
06 : Coeo - 'Flesh World ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ]
07 : Dan Kye - 'Like You Wan na ' ( Original Mix ) [ Rhythm Section International ]
08 : Black Loops ft. Felipe Gordon - 'Mia Negrita ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ]
09 : Cody Currie - 'Hearty & Healthy ' ( Original Mix ) [ Better Listen Records ]
10 : Folamour - 'You Never Told Me I 'll Miss You That Much ' ( Original Mix ) [ Delicieuse Records ]
11 : Detroit Swindle - 'Brotherman ' ( KRL Remix ) [ Freerange Records ]
12 : Cody Currie - 'Heineken 04 ' ( Original Mix ) [ Better Listen Records ]
13 : David & Hjalti - 'Whatever You Want ' ( Original Mix ) [ Lagaffe Tales ]
14 : Voodoo Whiskey - 'Blueberry Muffins ' ( Original Mix ) [ Masterworks Music ]
15 : Sune - 'Pistachio Sour ' ( Daniel Leseman Remix ) [ Kyoku Records ]
16 : Aroop Roy - 'Talkin ' Bout Life ' ( Original Mix ) [ House of Disco Records ]
17 : Dire Straits - 'Six Blade Knife ' ( Daniel Zuur Edit ) [ CDR ]
18 : DJ Nature - 'Loving U More ' ( Original Mix ) [ Futureboogie Recordings ]
19 : Folamour - 'Island Of Recent Father ' ( Original Mix ) [ Glitterbox Recordings ]
20 : Session Victim - 'Shadows ' ( Original Mix ) [ Delusions Of Grandeur ]
21 : Interstate - 'Vanice Beach ' ( Original Mix ) [ Waxtefacts ]
22 : Chez Damier ft. Leroy Burgess - 'Your Love ' ( Kai Alce Unreleased Mix Edit ) [ CDR ]
23 : Folamour - 'La Pierre Et Le Sabre ' ( Original Mix ) [ Tronic Session Records ]
24 : Fusion Groove Orchestra ft. Steve Lucas - 'If Only I Could ' ( Liem Remix ) [ Classic Music Company ]
25 : Soulphiction - 'Hustler 's Ball ' ( Original Mix ) [ Philpot Records ]
26 : Jad & The - 'Strings That Never Win ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ] Here is a brand-new mix from us : the recording from our recent 'Attic Showcase ' set , recorded live at Big Fun at The Lord Gladstone in Chippendale , a couple of Sundays ago.A huge thanks to a Big Fun crew and the mighty Sunday evening crowd—some of whom can be heard throughout the mix , if you listen closely ! We were thrilled to be asked to play this one , and having the opportunity to showcase the sound we 've been really digging of late—straight-up swinging , funky , disco-driven house music ! —which is really well represented in this offering ! We hope you enjoy this one ! P.S . Plenty coming up on the Attic-front for us really soon , too : an upstairs takeover at Goodbar with the Kyoku Records boys , a trip across to Manly for Original Vibe and , of course , a big announcement for our next event ! Stay tuned ... tell your friends ! Bas Roos - 'One Way ' ( Original Mix ) [ Exploited ] Jeremy Juno - 'Stepped Into My Life ' ( Original Mix ) [ Nervous Records ] Junktion - ' I 'm Wishin ' ( Original Mix ) [ Razor-N-Tape Records ] Cody Currie - 'Movin ' Smoke ' ( Original Mix ) [ Razor-N-Tape Records ] Voodoo Whiskey - 'Get Next To You ' ( Original Mix ) [ Masterworks Music ] Coeo - 'Flesh World ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ] Dan Kye - 'Like You Wan na ' ( Original Mix ) [ Rhythm Section International ] Black Loops ft. Felipe Gordon - 'Mia Negrita ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ] Cody Currie - 'Hearty & Healthy ' ( Original Mix ) [ Better Listen Records ] Folamour - 'You Never Told Me I 'll Miss You That Much ' ( Original Mix ) [ Delicieuse Records ] Detroit Swindle - 'Brotherman ' ( KRL Remix ) [ Freerange Records ] Cody Currie - 'Heineken 04 ' ( Original Mix ) [ Better Listen Records ] David & Hjalti - 'Whatever You Want ' ( Original Mix ) [ Lagaffe Tales ] Voodoo Whiskey - 'Blueberry Muffins ' ( Original Mix ) [ Masterworks Music ] Sune - 'Pistachio Sour ' ( Daniel Leseman Remix ) [ Kyoku Records ] Aroop Roy - 'Talkin ' Bout Life ' ( Original Mix ) [ House of Disco Records ] Dire Straits - 'Six Blade Knife ' ( Daniel Zuur Edit ) [ CDR ] DJ Nature - 'Loving U More ' ( Original Mix ) [ Futureboogie Recordings ] Folamour - 'Island Of Recent Father ' ( Original Mix ) [ Glitterbox Recordings ] Session Victim - 'Shadows ' ( Original Mix ) [ Delusions Of Grandeur ] Interstate - 'Vanice Beach ' ( Original Mix ) [ Waxtefacts ] Chez Damier ft. Leroy Burgess - 'Your Love ' ( Kai Alce Unreleased Mix Edit ) [ CDR ] Folamour - 'La Pierre Et Le Sabre ' ( Original Mix ) [ Tronic Session Records ] Fusion Groove Orchestra ft. Steve Lucas - 'If Only I Could ' ( Liem Remix ) [ Classic Music Company ] Soulphiction - 'Hustler 's Ball ' ( Original Mix ) [ Philpot Records ] Jad & The - 'Strings That Never Win ' ( Original Mix ) [ Toy Tonics ]
_________________
DJ | Producer
BrendanClay.com | Soundcloud
Attic | SPOiLT _________________DJ | Producer
Research from the University of Pennsylvania could shed light on the distribution of one of the most mysterious substances in the universe .
In the 1970s , scientists noticed something strange about the motion of galaxies . All the matter at the edge of spiral galaxies was rotating just as fast as material in the inner part of the galaxy . But according to the laws of gravity , objects on the outskirts should be moving slower .
The explanation : A form of matter called dark matter that does not directly interact with light .
Many scientists now believe that more than 80 percent of the matter of the universe is locked away in mysterious , as yet undetected , particles of dark matter , which affect everything from how objects move within a galaxy to how galaxies and galaxy clusters clump together in the first place .
This dark matter extends far beyond the reach of the furthest stars in the galaxy , forming what scientists call a dark matter halo . While stars within the galaxy all rotate in a neat , organized disk , these dark matter particles are like a swarm of bees , moving chaotically in random directions , which keeps them puffed up to balance the inward pull of gravity .
Bhuvnesh Jain , a physics professor in Penn 's School of Arts & Sciences , and postdoc Eric Baxter are conducting research that could give new insights into the structure of these halos .
The researchers wanted to investigate whether these dark matter halos have an edge or boundary .
`` People have generally imagined a pretty smooth transition from the matter bound to the galaxy to the matter between galaxies , which is also gravitationally attracted to the galaxies and clusters , '' Jain said . `` But theoretically , using computer simulations a few years ago , researchers at the University of Chicago showed that for galaxy clusters a sharp boundary is expected , providing a distinct transition that we should be able to see through a careful analysis of the data . ''
Scientists believe that this region , or `` edge '' is due to the `` splashback effect . ''
`` You have this big dark matter halo sitting there , '' Baxter said , `` and it 's been accreting matter gravitationally over its entire history . As that matter gets pulled in , it gets faster and faster . When it finally falls into the halo , it turns around and starts to orbit . That turnaround is what people have started calling splashback , because stuff is splashing back in some sense . ''
As the matter `` splashes back , '' it slows down . Because this effect is happening in many different directions , it leads to a buildup of matter right at the edge of the halo and a steep fall-off in the amount of matter right outside of that position . This is what the Penn researchers explored in the data .
Using a galaxy survey called the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , or SDSS , Baxter and Jain looked at the distribution of galaxies around clusters . They formed a team of experts at the University of Chicago and other institutions around the world to examine thousands of galaxy clusters . Using statistical tools to do a joint analysis of several million galaxies around them , they found a drop at the edge of the cluster . Baxter and collaborator Chihway Chang at the University of Chicago led a paper reporting the findings , accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal .
In addition to seeing this edge when they looked at galaxy distribution , the researchers also saw evidence of it in the form of galaxy colors .
When a galaxy is full of gas and forming many big , hot stars , the heat causes it to appear blue when scientists take images of it .
`` But those big stars live very short lives , '' Baxter said . `` They blow up . What you 're left with are these smaller , older stars that live for long periods of time , and those are red . ''
When scientists look at galaxies within clusters , they appear red because they are n't forming stars .
`` Previous studies have shown that there are interactions inside of the cluster that can cause galaxies to stop forming stars , '' Baxter said . `` You could imagine for instance that a galaxy falls into a cluster , and the gas from the galaxy gets stripped off by gas within the cluster . After losing its gas , the galaxy will be unable to form many stars . ''
Because of this , scientists expect that galaxies that have spent more time orbiting through a cluster will appear red , while galaxies that are just starting to fall in will appear blue .
The researchers noticed a sudden shift in the colors of galaxies right at the boundary , providing them with more evidence that dark matter halos have an edge .
`` It was really interesting and surprising to see this sharp change in colors , '' Jain said , `` because the change of galaxy colors is a very slow and complex process . ''
The researchers are working on another paper using a deeper survey of over a hundred million galaxies called the Dark Energy Survey , or DES .
Both the SDSS and the DES make massive maps of the sky using a huge camera that Jain said is n't very fundamentally different from the cameras in smartphones but bigger and more precise and costing millions of dollars to build .
In the DES , when the camera opens , it takes an exposure of a couple minutes , and then moves to a different part of the sky . This process is repeated during the course of several years using different filters to allow scientists to get a survey in multiple colors .
The DES allows the researchers to do expanded measurements , pushing to higher distances .
Instead of measuring the distribution of galaxies , the researchers are using an astrophysical phenomenon called gravitational lensing to probe the dark matter halos . In gravitational lensing , light coming to an observer bends as matter exerts gravitational force on it .
The researchers can analyze images of the sky to see how clusters stretch images of the galaxies behind them .
`` Light is going to bend if there 's mass , '' Baxter said . `` By measuring these deflections we can measure the mass directly which is cool because most of the mass is dark matter which we ca n't see so it 's kind of a unique way to probe the dark matter . ''
In terms of fundamental understanding of the universe , Baxter said , dark matter is one of the biggest mysteries there is right now .
`` You look in the sky , even with the biggest optical telescopes , and you see nothing beyond the light of the galaxies , '' Jain said . `` There 's just this dark matter . ''
The researchers hope that their research will contribute to a better understanding of the mysterious substance that makes up about 80 percent of matter in the universe . If they can mark the edge of a dark matter halo , it would allow them to test things like Einstein 's theory of gravity and the nature of dark matter .
`` It 's just a new way of looking at clusters , '' Jain said . `` Once you find the boundary you can study both the standard physics of how galaxies interact with the cluster and the possible unknown physics of what the nature of dark matter and gravity is . ''
# # #
New Delhi : Worldwide spending on the internet of things ( IoT ) is set to grow 16.7 % year-on-year , reaching over $ 800 billion in 2017 and nearly $ 1.4 trillion by 2021 , as organisations continue to invest in the hardware , software , services and connectivity that enable IoT , according to a forecast by market intelligence firm International Data Corporation ( IDC ) .
The Asia-Pacific region , excluding Japan ( APeJ ) , will be the IoT investment leader with spending expected to reach $ 455 billion in 2021 , followed by the US ( $ 421 billion in 2021 ) and western Europe ( $ 274 billion ) . Manufacturing will be the leading industry for IoT investments in all three regions , followed by utilities and transportation in APeJ and western Europe , and transportation and consumer in the US . Cross-Industry IoT spending will be among the leading categories in all three regions as well .
The regions that will experience the fastest growth in IoT spending are Latin America ( 21.7 % compounded annual growth rate or CAGR ) , the Middle East and Africa ( 21.6 % CAGR ) and central and eastern Europe ( 21.2 % CAGR ) .
“ The discussion about IoT has shifted away from the number of devices connected . The true value of IoT is being realized when the software and services come together to enable the capture , interpretation , and action on data produced by IoT endpoints , ” said Carrie MacGillivray , vice-president , internet of things and mobility at IDC .
The IoT use cases that are expected to attract the largest investments in 2017 include manufacturing operations ( $ 105 billion ) , freight monitoring ( $ 50 billion ) , and production asset management ( $ 45 billion ) . Smart grid technologies for electricity , gas and water and smart building technologies are also forecast to see significant investments this year ( $ 56 billion and $ 40 billion , respectively ) . While these use cases will remain the largest areas of IoT spending in 2021 , smart home technologies are forecast to experience strong growth ( 19.8 % CAGR ) over the five-year forecast . The use cases that will see the fastest spending growth are airport facilities automation ( 33.4 % CAGR ) , electric vehicle charging ( 21.1 % CAGR ) , and in-store contextual marketing ( 20.2 % CAGR ) .
According to IDC , the industries making the largest IoT investments in 2017 are manufacturing ( $ 183 billion ) , transportation ( $ 85 billion ) and utilities ( $ 66 billion ) . Cross-industry IoT investments , which represent use cases common to all industries , such as connected vehicles and smart buildings , will be $ 86 billion in 2017 and rank among the top segments throughout the five-year forecast . Consumer IoT purchases will be the fourth largest market segment in 2017 at $ 62 billion , but will grow to become the third largest segment in 2021 . Meanwhile , industries that will see the fastest spending growth are insurance ( 20.2 % CAGR ) , consumer ( 19.4 % ) and cross-industry ( 17.6 % ) .
From the technology perspective , hardware will be the largest spending category until the last year of the forecast when it will be overtaken by the faster growing services category . The fastest growing areas of technology spending are said to be in the software category , where horizontal software and analytics software will have five-year CAGRs of 29.0 % and 20.5 % , respectively . Security hardware and software will also see increased investment , growing at 15.1 % and 16.6 % CAGRs , respectively .
ICE fuelled an Ipswich man to cross from committing petty crimes to threatening to cut off the nose of a man in a wheelchair .
Micheal John Cowan , 31 , who has a history of minor crimes such as serial fuel theft , had been taking heroin since leaving school at 13 .
After taking ice for a matter of months , he was charged with a ream of assault , traffic and stealing offences .
Brisbane District Court heard on Wednesday the offences were committed while Cowan was on a four-month suspended sentence for stealing petrol which he said he did so he could visit his mother who was in a critical condition in hospital .
Crown Prosecutor Russell Hood told the court Cowan attacked Dennis Palmer , a 50-year-old man with a degenerative spinal condition , in March last year .
He said Cowan threatened Mr Palmer with an axe handle , punched him numerous times in the head and stole his pain medication .
At one point Cowan tried to smother Mr Palmer with a pillow , screaming 'Die you c * * t die , die you maggot ! ' .
He held a knife to the bridge of Mr Palmer 's nose and told him he would cut it off .
The court heard Cowan also told Mr Palmer he would put him in the boot of a car and drive him 'out west ' to kill him , that he had `` assassinated '' eight people previously and Palmer would be the ninth .
Cowan told Mr Palmer he was sick of him , took the lid off a bottle of turps and told Mr Palmer he was going to douse him and the house and set them on fire .
Cowan 's mother had moved into Mr Palmer 's home as his full-time carer and Cowan was staying with them .
The court heard Cowan , who has been on a disability pension his whole adult life , likely had a limited IQ and began taking drugs after he left school in Grade 8 .
Cowan has been in jail since mid-June last year , the court hearing he found the time in prison difficult , particularly because his mother had a stroke during that time .
Judge Paul Smith told Cowan while it was clear ice played a significant role in pushing him from skirting around the edges of the prison system to putting him firmly in it , there was no excuse for his behaviour .
He said the assaults were `` serious and persistent attacks '' and warranted jail time .
Judge Smith sentenced Cowan to three years jail , with immediate parole , and told him to keep away from idiots who take drugs and stay with his mother .
Cowan sighed with relief when he heard he was not going back for more prison time .
He will be required to undertake drug screening as part of his parole .
- NewsRegional
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A couple fighting for their lives after exposed to an 'unknown substance ' in Wiltshire attended a family fun fair just hours before they were found unconscious .
The man and woman , both in their 40s , were discovered on Saturday evening at a home in Amesbury - just miles from where the Skripals were poisoned - and remain critically ill in hospital .
One of the last places they were seen in public was a hog roast and family fun fair organised by the Amesbury Baptist Church .
Health officials do n't believe there is a significant health risk to the wider public , and no advice has been issued to people who may have been in contact with the couple .
Do you know the couple in Amesbury ? Email webnews @ mirror.co.uk .
( Image : Facebook )
Wiltshire Police have declared a major incident and said it was not clear if a crime had been committed , but detectives are keeping an `` open mind '' .
A number of places known to have been visited by the couple in and around Amesbury and Salisbury have been cordoned off as a precaution .
They include the home in Muggleton Road , where the man and woman were found unconscious , and nearby Amesbury Baptist Church .
Police also had cordons at a Boots store in Amesbury and a Queen Elizabeth Gardens in Salisbury .
( Image : Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com )
( Image : Facebook )
Church secretary Roy Collins said a family fun day was one of the last places the couple was seen in public before falling ill .
The free event was held from 2-5pm on Saturday at Raleigh Crescent Green , featuring a hog roast and bouncy castles , games and entertainment for families , according to a Facebook event listing .
Drone footage posted on the church 's Facebook page shows children playing on bouncy castles , people queueing for food and others gathered under gazebos or tents to stay cool amid this summer 's heatwave .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com )
Mr Collins said : `` Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public . ''
He said he woke to find the church cordoned off by police at 6am on Wednesday .
`` We are all quite puzzled and shocked - naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest , '' he added .
( Image : SWNS.com )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` We are praying for the couple , one of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community .
`` They are not church members or regulars . ''
Wiltshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said there is no indication the incident is linked to the nerve agent attack on former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia earlier this year .
Tests are being carried out to identify the substance , which was initially thought to have been from a bad batch of heroin or crack cocaine .
( Image : Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com )
Police said : `` It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs .
`` However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident . ''
Both remain in a critical condition at Salisbury District Hospital .
It is believed the Muggleton Road address is in a new housing development in the town near Stonehenge .
( Image : Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com )
Health officials who are part of a multi-agency response have assured the wider public that they are not at significant risk .
A Public Health England ( PHE ) spokesman said : `` The current advice from PHE England , based upon the number of casualties affected , is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public .
`` This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known . ''
The couple were taken to Salisbury District Hospital , which is open as usual and is advising people to still attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to state otherwise .
( Image : Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com )
Mr Macpherson told the BBC there 's present indication that the incident in Amesbury is connected to the Skripal case at present , and police have been working hard to contain `` any risk that might be there '' .
He added : `` I have n't seen anything in this incident yet that I would consider to be an overreaction , it all seems fairly textbook . ''
A Government spokesman said : `` Ministers are being kept up to date about the incident in Amesbury . ''
Mayor of Amesbury councillor Margaret Strange said she was in the dark about what happened .
( Image : Collect Unknown )
After speaking to police at the address in Muggleton Road , she said : `` I know as much as anybody else . ''
Asked if she was worried with this incident happening so soon after the Skripals , Ms Strange replied : `` Well , obviously , because when you think like that happening a few yards from your own home .
`` I am not saying a single thing because I do n't know anything .
`` I only know there was an incident and I know nothing more than that . ''
People with information about the incident are asked to call Wiltshire Police on 999 .
People in and around Amesbury and Salisbury can expect to see an increased police presence .
The Skripals were left poisoned by a suspected military-grade novichok nerve agent in March in Salisbury , about seven miles south of Amesbury .
Double agent Mr Skripal , 66 , and his daughter , 33 , were left fighting for life and spent months in a coma .
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital on April 10 and taken to a secure location . Her father was released on May 18 .
Prime Minister Theresa May accused Russia of carrying out the attemped murder of the Skripals - a claim Moscow has denied .
The Skripals were found slumped on a park bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4 after visiting a local pub and restaurant , and immediate reports said it was thought the pair had overdosed on drugs .
However it soon emerged that the pair had been exposed to a potentially deadly agent .
In the aftermath , Public Health England said the risk to the public was low .
But the agency faced a backlash days later when it advised people who visited the same pub or restaurant to wash their clothes immediately and clean mobile phones , jewellery , spectacles and other items they had with them .
Angry locals said they should have been told sooner .
GOTHENBURG -Cozad and Gothenburg had relied on defense most of the season . On Friday their defenses took center stage . The Swedes forced four turnovers and edged Cozad 7-6 .
Cozad scored first on a on the Haymakers second drive on a four-yard run by Matthew Schuster . Cozad dominated the time of possession in the first half , but were unable to find the endzone again . They did move the ball into the Haymaker redzone , but could n't finish the drives .
Gothenburg scored on their first possession of the second half with a power running game . Vincent Nichols scored from 59 yards out on an option play to tie the game at six . Gothenburg then brought in Mark Ackerman playing his first year of football , kicked the extra point to give the Swedes a one point lead .
Cozad would end up turning the ball over two more times in the second half to end their threat .
Nichols rushed for 128 yards on 11 caries . He was also 2-4 passing and caught one pass on the night .
The Swedes improve to 5-2 on the year the Haymakers fall to 2-5 .
Facebook Admits Data-Mining Firm Got Access To Millions Of Users ' Personal Information Facebook is under intense pressure after it admitted that Cambridge Analytica , a political data-mining firm , got access to massive amount of user data . A look at why Facebook allows third parties access to its data and what the business objective is .
`` Mason got it right '' Howard Webb explains why Fer
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola watched his Manchester City side beat Burnley 2-1 at the Etihad .
But it 's fair to say the Citizens made the job a little bit harder than - on paper at least - it would have appeared to be .
Fernandinho picked up his third red card in his last six appearances when he went in two-footed on Johann Berg Gudmundsson .
The sending off saw City reduced to 10 men just before half time - with the game level .
( Photo : Twitter/ @ BBCMOTD )
( Photo : Twitter/ @ BBCMOTD )
After the break Gael Clichy broke the deadlock and Sergio Aguero made it two before Ben Mee scored a late consolation for a slightly nervous finish .
Following the fixture Guardiola spoke to the BBC and gave one seriously awkward interview .
See for yourself in the above video as the Spaniard is asked about his opinion on the red card - and sort of answers the question .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
He also claims his players need to `` understand the rules in England '' .
And later adds in the most unconvincing way possible , he is `` so happy '' before commenting on whether City are still in the title race .
Prepare to cringe .
Lisa Cannon , a 10-year leukemia survivor , is celebrating her remission by running in the Bank of America Chicago Marathon on Sunday . `` I really want to enjoy this one ... that means slowing down and taking in the sites , '' said Cannon.The 41-year-old mother of three from Pennsylvania completed her final chemo session 10 years ago , and will run with her sister to celebrate the milestone . Cannon will also be running to support the National Leukemia and Lymphoma Society , which she said was instrumental in her recovery . `` It 's just been a great way to give back to the society , to raise money for them , and it 's also just celebrating being healthy , '' she said.Cannon 's sister , Tami , has been alongside her for pace-setting and moral support . Cannon said running with thousands throughout the country , who have their own reasons for enduring the 26.6 miles , is part of the allure for tackling her 10th marathon post-diagnosis.When asked what she would tell other survivors , Cannon said to always be optimistic . `` Always have faith , stay positive ... and never give up , '' Cannon said.Over 40,000 runners from all 50 states and over 100 countries will travel to Chicago to run the 26.2 miles of the Chicago Marathon .
STFC 's shares plunged 19.2 % in intraday trade to a near nine-month low on Wednesday before recovering to close 11.7 % lower
Bengaluru : Shriram Transport Finance Co Ltd ( STFC ) said on Wednesday group firm SVL Ltd has the wherewithal to honour repayment on non-convertible debentures ( NCDs ) guaranteed by it .
Non-banking financial company STFC had provided a guarantee of about ₹872 crore ( $ 126.86 million ) in favour of SVL for the NCDs issued three years back , according to its 2017-18 annual report released on Friday .
Caution crept in as previous annual reports did not disclose details about the guarantee , according to brokerage firm Jefferies . The commercial vehicle financier 's book value may take a hit of 4-5 % if the guarantee is invoked and liability devolves on the company , Jefferies said .
STFC 's shares plunged 19.2 % in intraday trade to a near nine-month low on Wednesday before recovering to close 11.7 % lower .
The promoter group “ will address through alternate mechanisms to settle the dues ” if SVL defaults , STFC said in a statement .
“ Shriram EPC is a subsidiary of SVL Ltd. Shriram EPC has been referred to NCLT ( National Company Law Tribunal ) and hence there is a meaningful risk of this off balance sheet exposure becoming a liability for STFC ” Morgan Stanley analysts said .
SVL makes investments in sectors including renewable power , real estate and wind turbine manufacturing .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The Los Angeles subway system is expanding and so too are the number of prehistoric fossils being recovered as crews dig beneath the city .
Since work on one extension began in 2014 , workers have routinely turned up fossilized remains of rabbits , camels , bison and other creatures that roamed the region during the last Ice Age . But Paleontologist Ashley Leger says “ the big one ” uncovered by her team is the intact skull of a juvenile mammoth .
California 's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites . Transportation officials say paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s , when work started on the city 's inaugural line .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Lucknow : Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed officials to ensure early return of the 12 bodies of Uttar Pradesh residents who perished in the Himachal landslide in Mandi district , an official said on Tuesday .
Mourning the dozen deaths from two families of Mau district , Adityanath asked the district administration to contact the bereaved families .
He advised the officials to coordinate the return of the mortal remains of the victims as per the wishes of the families of Surya Dev Singh and Rana Pratap Singh .
Seven children and five adults belonging to the two families were among the 46 killed in the landslide on Saturday when a massive pile of earth swallowed a 150m stretch of road burying three homes , two buses and a bike .
Now Playing Last Man Standing Might Be Rescued by CMT
Tim Allen 's Last Man Standing refuses to take a seat !
The sitcom may continue on after being canceled by ABC earlier this year , with its new home CMT , The Hollywood Reporter says . Last Man Standing producer 20th Century Fox and CMT are in early discussions to continue the show at the country-themed network .
The cancellation of the comedy really stuck in the craw of some fans , who accused ABC of axing the show because it exhibits conservative values . Allen tweeted that he was `` blindsided '' and `` stunned '' by the cancellation , and some numbers back him up : it was one of ABC 's most-watched shows .
Conservatives Threaten ABC Boycott Over Last Man Standing Cancellation
ABC president Channing Dungey said the show 's political leanings had nothing to do with its cancellation , and that the network was reworking its Friday night lineup . Last Man Standing 's lead-out , the comedy Dr. Ken , was also canceled .
CMT already has some experience reviving a canceled ABC show . The network brought on Nashville after its cancellation last year .
But The Hollywood Reporter says a CMT revival wo n't be easy as Last Man Standing has six seasons of contracts behind it , making it a fairly expensive show for a niche cable network .
© Al Seib / Los Angeles Times
Santa Barbara County was under siege from the Thomas fire Sunday as fire crews fought to keep the destructive blaze from the region 's picturesque beach communities.The fire grew by more than 50,000 acres during the day , triggering new evacuation orders for about 5,000 county residents , including those east of Mission Canyon and north of Highway 192 . An additional 30,000 residents west of Mission Canyon to Highway 154 and south of Highway 192 to the county line were told to prepare to leave.As the fire grew Sunday , containment dropped from 15 % to 10 % , authorities said.The blaze has destroyed 524 structures and damaged 135 in the city of Ventura . In the unincorporated areas of Ventura County , 266 structures have been destroyed , while 56 were damaged . The fire consumed six structures on Sunday in beach town of Carpinteria , authorities said.Santa Ana winds , aided by extremely low humidity , pushed the Ventura County fire over the Santa Barbara County line Saturday night . The winds that bedeviled fire crews from San Diego to Ojai last week were gusting at speeds of up to 35 mph , fire officials said. , said Steve Swindle , spokesman for the Ventura County Fire Department . `` The fuels in there are thick and they 're dead so they 're very receptive to fire , '' Swindle said.Fire officials feared that if the fire moves into nearby creek beds , it might create a chimney-like effect , sending the flames roaring along the creek 's path.Firefighters on Sunday morning were making a stand at a cluster of homes on Shepard Mesa Road where flames threatened to sweep through the area , according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.Crews were cutting lines outside the city in an effort to keep flames from further encroachment and `` contingency strike teams '' were dispatched throughout Carpinteria in case the blaze manages to cross fire lines , said Newport Beach firefighter Jude Olivas , a spokesman for the Thomas fire response.Most school districts in Santa Barbara County canceled Monday 's classes , officials announced late Sunday . Several of those - including Carpinteria Unified , Montecito Unified , Cold Spring , Santa Barbara Unified , Hope Elementary and Goleta - will be closed until after the New Year.Meanwhile , UC Santa Barbara Chancellor Henry T. Yang announced that the university has postponed final exams until next year.Power outages and air quality issues , along with the confusion over an emergency alert that buzzed cellphones countywide around 2 a.m. `` have only continued to raise the level of anxiety at an already stressful time , '' Yang wrote in a letter to the campus . `` Continuation of scheduled exams has become untenable . `` The Santa Barbara Zoo was closed to the public Sunday , and its 500 animals were confined to their night quarters . The zoo was outside the evacuation area and not in immediate danger , but there was smoke and ash on the 30-acre property . `` We drill for and are prepared for emergencies , '' zoo director Nancy McToldridge said in a Facebook post . `` We are taking all precautions to ensure the safety of our animals and our staff . `` The animal care staff was providing `` enrichment , '' including toys , treats and puzzles , to prevent the zoo residents from becoming bored inside , said director of marketing Dean Noble . `` The gorillas like music , '' Noble said.Even as the Thomas fire surged , the approximately 8,500 firefighters battling the six wildfires across Southern California were making progress.Firefighters had a successful day Saturday battling flames on the southern edge of the Thomas fire - working toward the coast as well as parts of Ojai - thanks to wind conditions and crews ' ability to improve the fire lines they had established , according to Bill Murphy , a spokesman for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , or Cal Fire.Across Ventura County , blackened hillsides and charred palm trees with only their trunks remaining have become a common sight.By Sunday morning , evacuations had been lifted for most of the city of Ventura and for Santa Paula.The cause of the fire , which began Monday east of Highway 150 near Thomas Aquinas College , is under investigation.During a news conference at the Ventura County Fairgrounds on Saturday , Gov . Jerry Brown said climate change may exacerbate the weather conditions that caused the wildfires to explode . He expressed sympathy for residents who had lost their homes and animals , saying the fires were horrific and a `` terrible tragedy for so many people . `` `` This could be something that happens every year or every few years , '' he said . `` We 're about to have a firefighting Christmas . `` In Los Angeles County , firefighters made progress on blazes in Sylmar , Santa Clarita and Bel-Air . The Creek fire was 90 % contained , and the Rye fire was 90 % contained as of Sunday morning . The Skirball fire was 75 % contained.In northern San Diego County , the Lilac fire , which was 60 % contained , had burned 4,100 acres and destroyed 182 structures along the Highway 76 corridor that stretches west from the 15 Freeway through Bonsall and Fallbrook . Officials cautioned that dry , swirling Santa Ana winds could kick up embers that might start new fires.At least 46 horses were killed at a thoroughbred training facility , San Luis Rey Downs in Bonsall , where an estimated 450 were stabled . Mike Marten , a spokesman for the California Horse Racing Board , said Saturday that a small number of horses had escaped to the wilderness through a fence that was knocked down and had yet to be found .
Examining Trump 's Initial Response To The Racial Upheaval In Virginia After the mayhem in Charlottesville , some saw President Trump 's remarks as a validation of the protesters ' message of racial bigotry . Rachel Martin talks to David French of the National Review .
The First # BoycottAdele Was n't Over A Grammy , But On How To Make Tea
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
After her glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night , Adele woke up to a # BoycottAdele hashtag , with many Beyoncé fans questioning her `` unfair '' win over their idol . But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele . Last year , after she endorsed Hillary Clinton for president , Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag . Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left , the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first # BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of her hit single `` Hello . ''
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea .
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of `` Hello '' know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer 's lovesick heart .
Artfully stained with sepia and loss , the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers . Outside , it 's wickedly cold and blustery . Inside ( her broken heart ) the temperature 's pretty tundra-like too . So while she lavishly mourns the loss of her coffee-drinking lover in song , Adele does what the English do when things look bleak . She pops the kettle on . There 's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled . So far , so good .
YouTube
Then , the singer does something absolutely shocking . She pours hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag . Instead of the other way around , of course . This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason . British twitter sputtered with indignation .
How reassuringly English . A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously .
Ask the man who is the au currant hero , George Orwell . He may have fought totalitarianism all his life , but when it came to making a pot of tea , it was his way or the highway . His popular essay , `` A nice cup of tea , '' is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that . Orwell would have been horrified by Adele 's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making . Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot . `` If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly , '' he declaimed . In order to get a good infusion , one `` should take the teapot to the kettle , and not the other way about . The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact , which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours . ''
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit , John Lennon , he could imagine a world without heaven and religion , but not without tea – brewed the right way , of course . A few years ago , his widow , Yoko Ono , wrote a piece for The New York Times called `` The Tea Maker , '' in which she affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts . `` Yoko , Yoko , you 're supposed to first put the tea bags in , and then the hot water , '' John would admonish her . And so Ono allowed him to make the tea his way . But , for tea purists , there 's an unfortunate twist to this story . As Ono tells it :
One night , however , John said : `` I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and she says you are supposed to put the hot water in first . Then the tea bag . I could swear she taught me to put the tea bag in first , but ... '' `` So all this time , we were doing it wrong ? '' `` Yeah ... '' We both cracked up ...
So Adele should take heart . She has the great Beatle on her side . But though once a committed tea drinker , Adele has given up her 10-cups-a-day habit . Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds she was putting on from the heavily sugared cups .
Meanwhile , her `` Hello '' video has launched a range of `` Hello , it 's tea '' merchandise and several cheeky parodies , including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie 's 1983 hit , `` Hello , '' to `` Hello , is it tea you 're looking for ? '' In another very funny send-up , an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star . So instead of belting out `` Hello from the other side , '' we have :
Where the hell 's my cup of tea ? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on ? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It 's me and tea .
On Sunday night , after an awkward , overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which she nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé , Adele accidentally broke her trophy in half . As if it were a ginger nut biscuit she was dying to dunk into a cup of tea . With all of those boycott hashtags , she could certainly do with a cuppa .
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville , Tenn .
What Is The Logan Act , And Why Does It Matter ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
If Michael Flynn , President Trump 's former national security adviser , was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration , then he may have broken the law .
That law is the Logan Act . It 's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn , who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that he had misled the vice president and others in the administration . Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence , then vice president-elect , last month that he had discussed the sanctions .
That has turned out to be not true . And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn 's resignation because of an `` eroding level of trust . '' He reiterated that it was not a `` legal issue , but a trust issue . ''
`` There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions , '' Spicer contended .
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call — which exists — between Flynn and the Russian ambassador , there 's no way to know if there is n't a legal issue .
So what is the Logan Act , has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible ?
First , what is it ?
The Logan Act states , in part :
`` Any citizen of the United States , wherever he may be , who , without authority of the United States , directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof , with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof , in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States , or to defeat the measures of the United States , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years , or both . ''
Let 's break that down . This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government . Specifically , that person is n't allowed to talk with a foreign government or its representative and try to influence foreign policy .
When was it put in place and why ?
It 's named for Dr. George Logan , a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania , who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons . He did so without the permission of President John Adams , though he was a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson .
It was after the French Revolution , and the United States did n't help France because of a treaty with England . The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors . Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France .
That 's when Logan , a Quaker , embarked on his effort . He succeeded , but when he got back to the U.S. , Adams , Washington and others were furious . Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan 's from taking place again .
Has anyone ever been prosecuted ?
No , but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted .
The indictment was way back in 1803 , four years after the law was put in place . An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for `` A Western America '' allied with France . The U.S. attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy , a farmer , who actually wrote the column . But it never went to trial . Later that year , the Louisiana Purchase , which expanded the U.S. West , made it moot .
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act , as the Congressional Research Service points out , but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try to shame political opponents . For example , in the 1980s , there was former House Speaker Jim Wright 's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases .
`` That is the law of the land , '' a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson 's efforts , adding , `` We are not going to take legal action , but I do feel that while in this instance he was successful , there were things that make you pause and think . ''
During the George W. Bush administration , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government , irritating the White House . Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mideast peace . As recently as 2015 , the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal .
And Syria raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar Assad last month before President Trump took office .
`` I wanted to see if there was , in some small way , a way that I could express the love and the aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria , '' she told CNN .
The Obama administration 's official position was regime change in Syria .
Could Flynn be susceptible ?
Had Flynn , in any way , reassured the Russian ambassador in his phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place , that could potentially be a violation .
As noted above , there is a transcript . The White House is confident Flynn did n't say anything that could have violated the law . Of course , that could be open to interpretation . It would be up to the Jeff Sessions Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case , if it saw fit . That is seen as unlikely .
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk .
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee Tuesday said it 's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath . More could become known about the specifics of the call before then . And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about his conversations . And investigators believe Flynn `` was not entirely forthcoming '' :
`` That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn his job . If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I. , it could expose him to a felony charge . ''
The Sterlite copper plant in Thoothukudi , Tamil Nadu . Photo : PTI
As the noise from the deaths in Thoothukudi dies down , and the dust literally begins to settle , let 's ask ourselves : What 's going on ? Is it a simple case of crony capitalism where all the checks and balances have failed ? Or , is the corporate world missing the ( turning ) point of it all ?
Let us start with the process that is at the centre of all this commotion : copper smelting . Copper smelting is the process by which the metal ( copper ) is extracted from the concentrated ore , which has copper combined with sulphur and oxygen . If you remember your high school chemistry , one such compound is copper sulphate , with the gorgeous blue colour . Smelting essentially means separating copper from the sulphate , which gives rise to part of the problem : the sulphur dioxide gas . Sulphur dioxide is a pollutant—and a toxic one at that—causing asthma and acid rain . Most smelting plants capture the sulphur dioxide gas and make it into sulphuric acid , which can then be sold separately , or further used in the manufacturing of phosphoric acid . However , this capturing process is not foolproof , and there have been gas leaks in the past , resulting in the temporary closure of the Sterlite plant .
The smelting process also uses water—in cooling , processing and washing , and also to convert the sulphur dioxide to sulphuric acid . Economics dictates that most of the water is recycled , but some of it could end up released into the environment or into the groundwater . Depending on the ore that provided the copper , the contaminants in the water vary—including heavy metals like arsenic and cadmium . The wastewater can , of course , be recycled and cleaned , but at a cost .
There is the rub : cost . It takes both capital investment and running costs to minimize the adverse environmental impact of copper smelting . Do keep in mind that this is a global commodity , where if one company in one country “ cheats ” , it brings down the effective global price at which everyone competes . World over , cost pressures and environmental concerns have seen copper smelting move out of developed countries . Today , the largest smelters are in China , Chile and India . But China , with an eye on its grey skies , is beginning to shut down smelters , squeezing global supply and making copper prices shoot up . On the demand side of the equation , electrification and a flourishing automotive industry mean that copper demand is booming , growing at 7-8 % a year . In an era of rising crude prices , India , understandably , will not want to expend more money importing copper , or , indeed , stomaching higher metal prices .
Cost leadership vs sustainability : a false choice
Vedanta 's investor reports place its copper operations in the lowest quartile of cost . What lies behind this cost leadership is harder to fathom . There have been claims and counter-claims that Sterlite Copper , part of the Vedanta group , has gamed the system to get environmental clearances for a plant that was not up to the ( environmental ) mark . The company leadership , on the other hand , points to the multiple awards from prestigious organizations , including one for good water management .
But is the company missing the forest for the trees ?
By failing to sense the shifting trends and the costly reputational consequences , is Vedanta doing the smart , let alone the right , thing ? Vedanta 's stock price has tumbled since news of these protests began , while some investors and investment advisory groups are getting skittish and backing away .
Perhaps the most important questions we need to ask and answer are : What is the price of copper that will allow for environmental concerns to be addressed , and are we , the world and India , willing to pay it ? This is not a question limited to Thoothukudi and Vedanta . This is a question that resonates in the carbon tax ( or water price ) debates around the world—should there be a price put on carbon pollution ( or on water ) ? For the most part , there is not one today .
Not answering this question means that we are ignoring a changing reality : Environmental resources are becoming more precious due to dwindling supply , rising demand and rising awareness . Climate change means that water resources in parts of India ( including and especially Tamil Nadu ) are going to become very scarce , and fights like these are going to become more common . Customers ( and voters ) are becoming better informed about environmental hazards and are beginning to buy , vote and protest on environmental grounds . Global Shapers ( born out of the World Economic Forum ) runs a survey asking nearly 32,000 young people what they think on multiple topics . The 2017 survey showed that 25,000 respondents ( your current and future markets and voters , companies and politicians ) overwhelmingly judged climate change and the destruction of nature to be the most critical issue . The tragic deaths and protests in Thoothukudi herald the rise of environmental centralism .
Companies and institutions should note that reputations have become more fragile and transparency more widespread thanks to laws like the Right to Information Act and social media . Climate change and shrinking water and other environmental resources mean only one thing : Mainstreaming sustainability is not a choice . It 's a survival imperative .
Mridula Ramesh is a cleantech investor and founder of the Sundaram Climate Institute .
Comments are welcome at theirview @ livemint.com
Moscow : Most Russian athletes want to compete in the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang despite a ban on the country ` s team , the head of the athletes ` commission at the Russian Olympic Committee ( ROC ) said Monday .
`` We have talked to all the athletes in all the winter sports . The majority of these want to take part in the Games , '' said fencer Sofiya Velikaya .
( Also read : 2018 Winter Games alternative suggested for banned Russian athletes )
`` The scientific commission supports the position of those sports figures who have decided or may yet decide to compete with neutral status , as well as respecting the position of those who won ` t participate .
`` Athletes are fully aware that there won ` t be a flag or the Russian colours , but they will be representing Russia whatever happens , '' she added .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) last week decided to ban Russia from the 2018 Games that run from February 9-25 over its state-sponsored doping programme .
It said it would only allow `` clean '' Russian athletes to participate under strict conditions and under the Olympic flag .
( Also read : # NoRussiaNoGames : Twitter 'bots ' boost Russian backlash against Olympic ban )
Russian President Vladimir Putin said in October said that it would be a `` humiliation '' for Russian athletes to compete under the Olympic flag .
He has subsequently softened his stance , however , saying Russia will not boycott the Games and will not stand in the way of athletes who hope to compete as individuals .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everyone loves high street staple Marks and Spencer , but sometimes the retailer can be a bit pricey .
Who does n't love tucking into an £10 M & S dine in deal ? Or one of the brands many popular food ranges when you ca n't be bothered to cook ?
If you 're as much of a fan as we are , you 'll be pleased to know there is currently a promo code that can save you 12 % off any food to order ranges .
We 've outlined how you can claim the savings here , or you can find the code over on deals site Vouchercodes.co.uk .
( Image : M & S )
The code can be used on party food , cakes and even the retailer 's gluten free and veggie options . So you can really splash out if you 're planning a summer party over the Bank Holiday weekend - and while you 're at it pick up two cases of wine and you 'll save 25 % off .
If you 're more of a fan of cleansing , rather than feeding your face , there 's also 30 % off selected beauty brands .
Shoppers can pick up discounts on items from Butter London , Sun Smart and many more - ideal if you 're prepping for your end of summer holiday .
There 's also buy one , get one free across a range of skincare and make up brands like Burt 's Bees and Leighton Denny .
What 's in our guide :
Where to find the latest discount codes and cashback offers . The best sale deals and offers - or visit the M & S offers page here . How to get a Sparks reward card . Delivery costs .
1 . Find discount codes and cashback offers
There are plenty of voucher codes websites like those below that regularly list the latest M & S deals and offers .
Plus savvy shoppers can earn money on purchases by signing up to cashback sites like TopCashback and Quidco .
2 . M & S deals - our top picks
£10 meal deal
The famous £10 meal deal is back until August 15 , and includes a wide range of tasty mains ( sage crusted pork chops or Gastropub steak lasagne anyone ? ) and desserts ( classic Bramley apple pie and lemon and ricotta cheesecake slices ) . Wash it all down with a nice cold bottle of fizz or non-alcoholic beverage .
20 % off furniture
Moving or just need to replace that tired looking sofa ? Either way you can make huge savings of up to 20 % off selected furniture purchases when you buy two items .
The handy offer even includes nursery items and you can mix and match across eligible ranges too . And do n't forget to check out the clearance for massive reductions on the last of the sale .
Read More Find more voucher codes Dominos
Currys
Argos
Tesco
Amazon
Debenhams
Boots
Next
3 . Earn some rewards
For more easy and effective ways to save on your shop , sign up for a free Sparks reward card and collect points as you shop . You 'll earn ten “ sparks ” for every £1 spent in store or online .
The more points you spend the bigger the perks - which include personalised discounts , access to exclusive events and first dibs in seasonal sales . You can find out more about the perks of the loyalty scheme here .
Do n't forget to look out for the latest deals by following the brand on Twitter and Facebook , signing up to the newsletter , free text alerts , or by checking their blog .
4 . How much is delivery ?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aidan Connor could leave some viewers concerned next week as he begins to display some worrying behaviour .
As well as giving away some of his valuable belongings , Aidan will also give Summer Spellman his credit card so that she can splash out on a new outfit .
It all starts in episodes airing next week on Coronation Street when Summer Spellman is desperate to earn some money .
When she asks Aidan whether she can clean the factory in return for money , he declines and says that he ca n't give her a job .
( Image : ITV )
However , he tells Maria to take Summer shopping with his credit card so that she can buy a new outfit for the party she is going to .
Later , he notices Maria 's son Liam admiring his watch and gives it to him ,
When Maria heads around to pick up her son , Aidan tells her that he is glad that they can be friends now . Aidan had cheated on Eva with Maria in a sordid affair that lasted for months and ended up costing him the factory .
Back at her flat , Maria finds Aidan 's watch in Liam 's pocket but he assures her that Aidan gave it to him .
This wo n't be the first time Aidan has displayed some worrying behaviour over the last year .
Corrie previously hinted at Aidan 's hidden struggle , worrying dad Johnny , and broke down in tears after undergoing surgery to donate his kidney to half-sister Carla .
* Coronation Street airs Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
The Prohibition era has almost totally ended at the Magic Kingdom .
Every sit-down restaurant in Orlando , Florida 's original Disney World park is now serving alcohol . Walt Disney was very concerned about rowdies boozing it up at his park , but his views might have changed were he still with us at age 116 .
Maybe he would order the $ 9.50 Beso del Sol Sangria at Cinderella 's Royal Table . Until a few days ago , that was one of three alcohol-free restaurants left at the Magic Kingdom . Then Disney announced The Plaza Restaurant , The Crystal Palace and Cinderella 's would start offering beer and wine .
When the Magic Kingdom opened in 1971 , there was a strict no-alcohol policy . It remained that way until 2012 , when they Be Our Guest restaurant opened . Four more Magic Kingdom restaurants started serving alcohol in 2016 . Disney said it was responding to the requests of guests .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) — High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN .
The New York Times was the first to break the news and you can read its story by clicking here .
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business , according to US officials familiar with the matter .
Both the frequency of the communications during early summer and the proximity to Trump of those involved “ raised a red flag ” with US intelligence and law enforcement , according to these officials . The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence .
Among several senior Trump advisers regularly communicating with Russian nationals were then-campaign manager Paul Manafort and then-adviser Michael Flynn .
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual . However , these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved . Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations .
Adding to US investigators ' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump , two law enforcement officials tell CNN . These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access .
CNN has reached out to the White House , Flynn and Manafort for comment .
Manafort dismissed the account to The New York Times , which published a similar story Tuesday night .
“ I have no idea what this is referring to . I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers , and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today , ” Manafort said to the paper .
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations .
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications , which included people involved in Trump 's businesses .
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted .
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were .
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign .
“ If that were the case , then that would escalate things , ” one official briefed on the investigation said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A hunter is recovering in hospital after being knocked unconscious by a dead goose falling from the sky .
Robert Meilhammer , 51 , suffered serious injuries to his head and face after being hit by the Canada goose .
He was out hunting in Easton in the US state of Maryland with three others when the bizarre incident took place .
Police said the group had leased an area of private land near the Miles River and were shooting at a flock of geese around sunset .
Experts said wildfowl hunters being hit by their falling prey is not unheard of .
The Canada Goose can weigh up to 6kg .
Candy Thomson from Maryland Natural Resources Police told CBS : `` This morning , one of our really senior commanders said 'Oh , yes , it does n't happen often , but you 're a hunter , you 're concentrating on what you 're shooting at , and you do n't see something until it 's too late ' . ''
Mr Meilhammer is said to be in a stable condition .
A full third of Republicans disapprove of President Trump 's performance in office , a poll released Friday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found . Sixty-seven percent of Republicans still approve of Trump 's performance , though that is a marked decrease from when the poll was taken in March , when 80 percent of Republicans supported the president 's performance .
Predictably , Trump 's approval rating among other demographics was even lower : Just 28 percent of independents and 5 percent of Democrats said they approved of his work in office . Overall , just 32 percent of Americans approved of Trump 's efforts , while 67 percent disapproved . Legislators fared even worse , however , as just 18 percent of Americans approved of Congress ' efforts .
Overall , just 24 percent of Americans feel the country is heading `` in the right direction '' under Trump , the poll found — a 10-percent decrease since the poll was last taken in June . In March , the poll found 37 percent of people felt the country was progressing positively .
The poll surveyed 1,150 adults nationwide online and over the phone from Sept. 28-Oct. 2 . It has a margin of error of 4.1 percentage points . Read the full topline results here . Kimberly Alters
Sony Pictures Entertainment endeavored to post a trailer for its limited-release film Khali the Killer on YouTube to encourage viewers to watch the movie on Blu-ray , on streaming platforms , and in select theaters . Instead , the company uploaded the film in its entirety—apparently by accident .
Further Reading FBI claims North Korean involvement in Sony Pictures attack Khali the Killer is a violent crime drama that , based on the actual trailer , seems to draw a lot of influence from westerns and '70s exploitation films . It was released on DVD in 2017 , but in the odd reverse-order world of some indie films , it 's not slated for a theatrical release until later this year . In any case , this is not an example of the film being unavailable until it suddenly appeared on YouTube .
Clocking in at a feature-length one hour and 30 minutes , the video has since been removed , but it stayed up for several hours . That was long enough to earn a heavily upvoted Reddit thread making fun of the error .
`` Another trailer that spoils the whole film , '' lamented Redditor GeraltForOverwatch in a comment with more than 15,000 upvotes . Other Reddit users shared the theory that it 's actually a viral marketing effort for a film that is n't likely to attract much buzz otherwise . That 's possible but unlikely given that Sony is still recovering from some embarrassing or damaging problems on the digital front—like the 2014 Sony Pictures hack that exposed thousands of employee social security numbers , emails , and more . Stunts like this would usually require sign-off from executive stakeholders at companies like this , and they probably would n't want to support any narrative about the company struggling digitally .
The processes used by organizations like Sony to publish videos to platforms both owned and otherwise could present opportunities for error . ( I know this because I used to work for a major broadcast TV network . ) It could have been as simple as a young , entry-level digital producer accidentally copying and pasting the wrong video ID number from the company 's internal repository of video files into a proprietary publishing tool that bulk-publishes several videos in a daily push via the YouTube Data API and the equivalents on other platforms .
But that 's just informed speculation without further word from Sony , and Sony has not yet publicly commented about the incident .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Average speed cameras have been thrust into the spotlight as it emerged motorists face punishments for driving just 1mph over the limit .
Cameras are now said to cover more than 250 miles on British roads 24 hours a day and seven days a week .
They feature both at permanent sites and on 'smart motorway ' roadworks such as the M1 near Leicestershire , Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire .
And it has proved effective in some areas after Scottish Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said there had been a `` significant positive impact '' on the A90 between Dundee and Stonehaven since becoming operational in October .
But plenty of theories have been spouted about how to avoid detection , including changing lanes and driving at certain limits .
We 've taken a look and separated the fact from fiction .
Here 's how average speed cameras work - and how you can avoid being caught speeding .
How do average speed cameras work ?
The multiple cameras ( at least two ) are set at separate locations along a stretch of road ( at a minimum 200m apart ) and are synchronised to record the exact time that each car passes using number plate reading technology .
Then a computer will work out the average speed between the cameras to determine if the car was over the speed limit , the Derby Telegraph reports .
Some people wrongly think that each camera records a driver 's speed as they pass each camera before the computer works out the average speed as the car passed every camera - this explains why some drivers think they can speed up between the cameras and slow down as they pass them .
( Image : PA )
But doing this is likely to land you with a fine - the cameras simply record the time you pass them and the computer works out how long it has taken you to pass the distance between them .
Do the cameras work at night ?
Yes . They are fitted with infra red illuminators to ensure they work night and day , and all weathers .
Can the cameras run out of film ?
No . Unlike some other speed cameras , average speed camera information is saved to a computer .
( Image : Photolibrary RM )
Can the cameras catch motorbikes ?
Yes . The cameras are equipped to capture all types of vehicles .
If a vehicle changes lanes will they avoid any fines ?
No . The cameras calculate for lane changes . But this myth can mean people dangerously switch lanes increasing the chance of crashes .
If a driver passes more than two sets of average speed cameras in a sequence while over the speed limit , will they be fined more than once ?
This is unlikely . Only certain cameras in the sequence are usually 'paired ' , so where , for example , there are four in a sequence it may be your speed between the first and third that is recorded , or the second and fourth or first and fourth , and so on .
( Image : PA )
But you will not know which ones are recording your number plate at any time .
If you are less than 10 per cent above the limit , will you get a ticket ?
It has been commonly assumed by many drivers over the years that you will not get a ticket so long as your speed does not exceed the limit by more than 10 per cent plus 2mph . This is because of guidance to officers from the National Police Chiefs Council .
Several police forces nationwide have indicated that drivers can expect far less leeway , as cameras become more accurate - and the law states that a driver can receive a ticket as soon as they have exceeded the limit , even if it is only by 1mph .
How can you avoid getting a fine ?
There is only one way to be sure that you do not get a ticket from average speed cameras - and that is to drive without speeding .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards ( all times local ) :
5:55 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama actress have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : Jessica Chastain , “ Molly 's Game ” ; Sally Hawkins , “ The Shape of Water ” ; Frances McDormand , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” ; Meryl Streep , “ The Post ” and Michelle Williams , “ All the Money in the World . ”
The nominees for best actor in a motion picture are : “ Timothée Chalamet , “ Call Me By Your Name ” ; Daniel Day-Lewis , “ Phantom Thread ” ; Tom Hanks , “ The Post ” ; Gary Oldman , “ Darkest Hour ” and Denzel Washington , “ Roman J. Israel , ESQ . ”
Advertisement
___
5:47 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : They are “ Call Me By Your Name , ” ” Dunkirk , ” ” The Post , ” The Shape of Water ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ”
___
5:45 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Disaster Artist , ” ” Get Out , ” ” The Greatest Showman , ” ” Lady Bird ” and “ I , Tonya . ”
___
5:40 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for the best television drama series have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Crown , ” ” The Handmaid 's Tale , ” ” This Is Us , ” ” Stranger Things ” and “ Game of Thrones . ”
___
5:35 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : Anthony Anderson , “ black-ish ” ; Aziz Ansari , “ Master of None ” ; Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ” ; William H. Macy , “ Shameless ” and Eric McCormack , “ Will & Grace . ”
___
5:30 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best actress in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : Pamela Adlon , “ Better Things ” ; Alison Brie , “ Glow ” ; Rachel Brosnahan , “ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ” ; Issa Rae , “ Insecure ” and Frankie Shaw , “ Smilf . ”
___
5:28 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series or movie have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ Big Little Lies , ” ” Fargo , ” ” Feud : Bette and Joan , ” ” The Sinner ” and “ Top of the Lake : China Girl . ”
___
5:25 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Boss Baby , ” ” The Breadwinner , ” ” Coco , ” ” Ferdinand ” and “ Loving Vincent . ”
___
5:22 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are “ Fantastic Woman , ” ” First They Killed My Father , ” “ In the Fade , ” ” Loveless ” and “ The Square . ”
___
5:20 a.m .
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills , California . The nominees for best TV comedy series are : “ black-ish , ” ” The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel , ” ” Master of None , ” ” Smilf ” and “ Will & Grace . ”
___
5 a.m .
Decked in a large cozy sweater , actress Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before she takes the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards .
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations , which honor acting and other work in film and television .
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit , bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins .
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell , Alfre Woodard , Garrett Hedlund , and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m .
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton .
___
12 a.m .
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills , California .
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern , with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC 's “ Today ” show . Among the favorites are Steven Spielberg 's “ The Post ” and Christopher Nolan 's “ Dunkirk . ”
In the television categories “ The Handmaid 's Tale ” and “ Big Little Lies ” could be in for a big morning .
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel .
Hyderabad 's Begumpet air show started being held every second year from 2008 in addition to the Bengaluru air show organized by the Indian Air Force . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : India plans to return to its earlier practice of organizing biennial air shows that combined displays of both civilian and defence air power , two people with knowledge of the matter said .
India used to hold a single combined biennial air show in Bengaluru , organized by the air force , until 2008 when the United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) decided that there was scope for a separate air show for the growing civil aviation sector . Following the decision , Hyderabad 's Begumpet air show started being held every second year .
“ It 's a waste of resources , we would rather have one big air show , ” said a government official , one of the two people mentioned above . Both spoke on condition of anonymity .
It 's a waste of resources , we would rather have one big air show- A government official , requesting anonymity
While the Bengaluru air show was held as planned earlier this year , the civilian show slated for March in Hyderabad will now be an exhibition . This means it may not have any aerobatic displays and no big planes like the Airbus A380 or Boeing 787 will participate , said a second person familiar with the matter , who also declined to be named . The name of the Hyderabad show has also been changed from India Aviation to Wings India .
Typically , airlines such as Air India and large West Asian carriers like Qatar Airways and Emirates , for whom the Indian market is critical , parade their latest planes at these shows . Air shows had also become the venue the likes of Vijay Mallya , owner of the now-grounded Kingfisher Airlines , and others placed their large orders .
Last year , about 29 aircraft including a Boeing B777 flown by Air India , an Airbus A350 by Qatar Airways , an Airbus A330 by AirAsia , a Boeing 787 by Etihad , an Airbus A380 by Emirates and an Airbus A320neo by Air India participated in the air show at Hyderabad .
“ The aviation ministry is of the view that we should skip this , ” said the second of the two people cited earlier , adding “ they would like Hyderabad show to focus on cargo so we are looking at brining cargo planes if at all they come ” .
What might happen is that the Hyderabad exhibition could feature smaller planes like Honda 's regional planes , which could dovetail well with the government 's Udan regional connectivity scheme . Under the scheme , at least half the seats on every regional flight should have a fare cap of Rs2,500 per seat per hour of flying .
Typically , manufacturers only bring planes to India if they see scope for selling them . Otherwise they set up chalets with models of these planes , keeping the bigger displays for the Paris , Farnborough and Singapore air shows , among others .
Former air force chief Fali Major said combining the two shows was a good decision . “ We will have to see what all is ordered in the next one year , depending on that we will see what all flies in during the 2019 show in Bangalore , ” Major said , referring to the several big-ticket defence deals that have already been concluded by the government , including the one for Rafale fighter jets .
According to the revised Future Tours Programme ( FTP ) , India will host 81 cricket matches across formats between 2019 and 2023 . Photo : AP
89
What is it ? The number of nominations received in favour of Rahul Gandhi who was elected as the president of the 132-year-old Congress party on Monday .
Why is it important ? The announcement coincides with the Gujarat assembly elections , which are being seen as a test for Prime Minister Narendra Modi , whom Gandhi would take on in the 2019 general elections as well . The big question before the new Congress president is whether he can revive the Congress party , which put on its worst performance in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections , when it won just 44 ( 8 % ) of the 543 seats . Since then , it has lost six assembly elections and is now in power in just two major states ( Karnataka and Punjab ) and three smaller ones .
Tell me more : Gandhi , who will take charge on 16 December , will be the sixth from the Nehru-Gandhi family . His mother Sonia Gandhi , the longest-serving president , has been at the helm since 1998 .
3
What is it ? The number of people injured in an explosion at a busy commuter hub in New York .
Why is it important ? The city mayor said it was an attempted terrorist attack . Among developed countries , the US reportedly sees the highest lone-actor attacks , most of which are carried out by citizens inspired by extremist ideologies . The study indicates the country is under threat of less-sophisticated , home-grown attacks , similar to the one allegedly carried out by 27-year-old Bangladeshi national Akayed Ullah on Monday , who reportedly detonated an “ improvised low-tech explosive device ” attached to his body .
Tell me more : The suspect is also being treated for injuries and it is unclear if he has any affiliations to any terrorist organisation .
77.3 %
What is it ? The percentage of women who reported mistreatment by their healthcare provider during childbirth in government hospitals , according to a study .
Why is it important ? This highlights the trauma women face that numbers and data can not capture effectively and , hence , a call for stricter enforcement of rules that ensure humane childbirth conditions . The mistreatment was reported in areas such as non-consensual care and inadequate dissemination of information with respect to treatment or care for them or their children . Infrastructure inadequacies and gender/caste/class discrimination , higher footfalls in state-run hospitals and stretched resources are likely among the top reasons for such occurrences .
Tell me more : The study was jointly conducted by Sambodhi Research and Communications , University of California , India Health Action Trust , and Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , in association with the National Health Mission of Uttar Pradesh . It is based on direct observation of deliveries and follow-up interviews of 900 women in Uttar Pradesh .
10.6 %
What is it ? The increase in the share price of real estate company Unitech on Monday after the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) authorised the government to appoint its 10 nominees on the company 's board .
Why is it important ? This effectively amounts to the government taking over the management of the company , in a rare corporate move . Unitech has opposed the move in Supreme Court ; its petition is scheduled to be heard on Tuesday , but it is unlikely to get relief in this matter . Unitech , once India 's second-largest realty firm , owes over Rs7,800 crore to 16,300 homebuyers in 61 projects .
Tell me more : On 21 December , a special court will also give its judgment on the case involving the issuance of telecom licences , in which Unitech promoter Sanjay Chandra is one of the accused .
81
What is it ? The number of cricket matches across formats that India will host between 2019 and 2023 , according to the revised Future Tours Programme ( FTP ) that the Indian board agreed upon on Monday .
Why is it important ? If this FTP is ratified , the number of games India will host will be 30 more than scheduled under the current FTP . However , overall , the number of playing days for India will reduce from 390 days to 350 days in this four-year cycle . Overall , India will play more at home , and fewer tests and more T20s . Significantly , India will play more than half their cricket against Australia , England and South Africa , creating fears of a Big Four hegemony in world cricket .
Tell me more : While the schedule includes a debut test match against minnows Afghanistan , it excludes any bilateral match with Pakistan , which the latter is set to challenge .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The National Lottery 's official Twitter appeared to have been hacked last night as a number of obscene messages were posted .
The PR gaffe hit the Lottery 's recent campaign to highlight the success of Britain 's athletes .
It featured the likes of sprinter Adam Gemili , hurdler Eilidh Doyle and hammer thrower Sophie Hitchon thanking the public for their support .
But on Tuesday night , tweets began emerging from the @ TNLUK account , which has 189,000 followers , showing the athletes holding up cards with offensive messages .
( Image : National Lottery /Twitter )
Some included references to Maddie McCann , Jimmy Savile , child killer Mick Philpott and the Hillsborough disaster .
The takeover continued for several hours , causing 'National Lottery ' to begin trending in the UK .
It comes months after Walker 's Crisps were targeted in a similar hack .
Members of the public were asked to share a selfie for an animation featuring pundit Gary Lineker .
But sick pranksters sent in pictures of hate figures such as Fred West and Harold Shipman instead .
A spokesman for Camelot added : `` We are aware that some people are maliciously targeting our British Athletics Twitter campaign with offensive and abhorrent content .
`` We are dealing with this as quickly as possible and are hugely sorry for any offence caused by this malicious act . ''
Supreme Court Holds Foreign Corporations Can not Be Held Liable For Terrorism Claims
Enlarge this image toggle caption David Silverman/Getty Images David Silverman/Getty Images
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that foreign corporations can not be sued for damages in U.S. courts for aiding in terrorist attacks or other human-rights violations . The vote was 5-to-4 .
Writing for the conservative majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy said that `` courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one . ''
Rather , the political branches , Congress and the Executive , should deal with these issues , he said .
The court 's ruling came in a case brought against the Jordan-based Arab Bank by victims of terrorist attacks in Gaza and on the West Bank . The survivors and relatives of those killed in the attacks claimed that the bank , which has a branch in New York , facilitated the attacks by `` transferring funds to terrorist groups in the Middle East . ''
They sued in the U.S. under the Alien Tort Statute , a law enacted in 1789 and aimed originally at piracy ; it authorizes suits to be brought in U.S. courts for violations of international law .
The court majority , however , said that while the purpose of the statute was `` to promote harmony '' in international relations , the Arab Bank case and others like it produce contrary results .
For 13 years , the court observed , this case has caused `` considerable diplomatic tension with Jordan , a critical ally that considers the ATS litigation an affront to its sovereignty . ''
And that was not the purpose of the first Congress , which enacted it .
Although all five of the court 's five conservative justices signed onto the court 's bottom line , three of them — Justices Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch — would have gone even farther in closing the door to any new type of lawsuits under the statute . Each of them wrote separately to say as much .
The court 's four liberal justices dissented . Writing for them , Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that `` by categorically foreclosing corporate liability , '' the court `` absolves corporations from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking behavior . ''
Joining her dissent were Justices Stephen Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Elena Kagan .
The Arab Bank lauded the decision . It wrote in a statement :
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin is likely to miss hosting I 'm A Celebrity , close pal Stephen Mulhern has revealed .
Britain 's Got More Talent presenter Stephen says Ant , 42 , needs to be left alone and will hopefully back “ next year ” .
That would end any hope that he will be back in the jungle alongside Declan Donnelly , his TV partner of nearly 30 years .
Stephen told Best : “ Fingers crossed , Ant will get the treatment he needs and be back to his old self for next year .
`` But he does need the rest and to be left alone , and given the time to recover . ”
( Image : ITV )
( Image : PA )
However , a source insisted “ no-one has any idea ” how long Ant will be off .
They said : “ He 'll be off for as long as it takes him to get better . Work is not even being discussed with him . The only priority is him getting better . ”
Ant appeared on Britain 's Got Talent last weekend but the show was recorded in January . It was Ant 's first TV appearance since he was banned from the road for 20 months and fined £86,000 after being caught drink driving in March .
ITV confirmed Dec , 42 , will host the BGT live shows without him . Stephen said : “ I 'm going to miss him on the live shows , but Dec will do a great job . ”
BLACKSBURG , Va. - ( via HokieSports.com ) No . 9 Virginia Tech won seven of 10 bouts and used three upsets to take down No . 25 North Carolina , 21-9 , in front of 3,015 at Carilion Clinic Court on Saturday night .
The Hokies ( 13-2 , 3-0 ACC ) saw three unranked grapplers defeat ranked Tar Heels ( 8-9 , 2-1 ACC ) ; Brent Moore over No . 16 A.C. Headlee , 3-2 , Ryan Blees over No . 6 Troy Heilmann in sudden victory overtime , 3-1 , and Hunter Bolen by major decision over No . 13 Ethan Ramos , 14-6 .
Seniors Jared Haught and Dennis Gustafson both won by decision in their final matches at Cassell Coliseum .
Gustafson got the Hokies on the board with a workmanlike 6-0 win at 133 and Brent Moore followed with a wild 3-2 victory over 18th-ranked Headlee that gave Tech the lead for good , 6-3 . Moore was leading 1-0 and had riding time locked with the clock winding down before Headlee reversed for two and would 've tied the score at 2-2 at the end of regulation . The Hokies challenged and officials rules that Moore had escaped after the take down , giving him a point and a 3-2 decision with riding time .
The momentum carried over to the bout at 149 where Blees converted on a single leg takedown in sudden victory overtime to take a 3-1 decision . The reigning Co-ACC Wrestler of the Week , Blees has won 14 of his last 15 matches since dropping down to 149 . Heilmann is the highest ranked opponent Blees has defeated this season .
After the Tar Heels eeked out a win at 157 with No . 16 Kennedy Monday topping Solomon Chishko , his first collegiate match at that weight , the Hokies would go on to win four straight between 165 and 197 . One of those was the lone bonus point victory of the night on either side from Bolen .
Bolen led 5-2 with 1:30 left but the 13th-ranked Ramos was able to battle back and tie the score at 6-6 . With riding time in Bolen 's favor , Ramos let Bolen escape with under 15 seconds left , looking for the match-clinching takedown . Ramos got in on a shot but Bolen was able to come out on top for two and pick up four near fall with the clock expiring , giving him a 14-6 major with riding time .
The Hokies return to action on Sunday , Feb. 11 , when they travel to Charlottesville to take on Virginia at 1 p.m .
No . 9 Virginia Tech 21 , No . 25 North Carolina 9
125 : James Szymanski ( UNC ) dec. Ryan More ( VT ) , 10-3
133 : # 18 Dennis Gustafson ( VT ) dec. Zach Sherman ( UNC ) , 6-0
141 : Brent Moore ( VT ) dec. # 16 A.C. Headlee ( VT ) , 3-2
149 : Ryan Blees ( VT ) dec. # 6 Troy Heilmann ( UNC ) , 3-1 ( SV OT )
157 : # 16 Kennedy Monday ( UNC ) dec. Solomon Chishko ( VT ) , 3-1 ( SV OT )
165 : # 3 David McFadden ( VT ) dec. Josh McClure ( UNC ) , 11-6
174 : Hunter Bolen ( VT ) MD # 13 Ethan Ramos ( UNC ) , 14-6
184 : # 8 Zack Zavatsky ( VT ) dec. # 17 Chip Ness ( UNC ) ( 13-6 ) , 4-3
197 : # 2 Jared Haught ( VT ) dec. # 16 Danny Chaid ( UNC ) , 6-2
285 : # 18 Cory Daniel ( UNC ) dec. # 17 Andrew Dunn ( VT ) , 3-2
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A six-months pregnant woman died suddenly at home but her baby girl amazingly survived against the odds .
Mum-to-be Emma Olubayo , 41 , collapsed at home in November 2017 after suffering from an undetected heart defect which caused her heart to stop .
After paramedics spent an hour failing to resuscitate Emma , they decided to deliver her child on her living room floor , in Leicester , East Midlands , by carrying out an emergency caesarean .
Against all the odds and being ten weeks premature , her baby daughter , Aretha , survived .
Now her husband , Emmanuel , 34 , is raising their eight week old on his own .
Emma passed away just eight months after their wedding , leaving behind her new husband and the baby girl she had always dreamed of having .
Emmanuel recalled the heartbreaking last words his new wife said to him , as she asked for a `` quick cuddle '' .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Emmanuel , who is self-employed , said : `` The evening Emma died she was gasping for breath but we had no idea what was wrong .
`` After paramedics arrived and failed to restart her heart , the only option to save our baby was to deliver in our living room .
`` It was a surreal moment , our baby laid on the sofa behind me , whilst the love of my life was dying on the living room floor .
`` Emma had battled to stay alive - I remember the way she looked at me , she was scared but she was fighting for Aretha .
`` But unfortunately that was n't the case , so now I 'm fighting to make sure that Aretha has the best life and always remembers her mother .
`` It 's crazy how alike Aretha is to her mother , I see Emma in her every day , which does sometimes make it harder . ''
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Emma and Emmanuel first met in 2016 on a dating website , and were married 10 months later .
Emmanuel added : `` We had a lot of similarities - especially in our personality , religion and optimism - we immediately clicked and were meant to be .
`` Almost immediately after we were married we found out that we were pregnant and she was over the moon to be a mum .
`` She could n't believe that she was having a child of her own , she loves children and it was always her dream to have one of her own .
`` Although the pain of her being gone is indescribable , at least I have Aretha and Emma 's wish of having her own child has come true . ''
( Image : Caters News Agency )
After Emma 's death she was diagnosed with a small , undetected heart defect which meant she could have fallen ill at any time .
However Emmanuel claims it is likely to have been the pressure of pregnancy that caused her heart to stop on a Sunday afternoon in late November last year .
He added : `` We had spent the morning together watching TV in bed , but then just hours later when we had a friend round she was suddenly gasping for breath in the living room .
`` The paramedics were called and they delivered Aretha in our living room before rushing her to hospital in a police car .
`` Aretha also stopped breathing at one point but a paramedic managed to save her by placing her on his chest and having skin on skin contact . ''
( Image : Caters News Agency )
He added : `` They also worked incredibly hard on trying to revive Emma for over an hour but there was n't anything that could be done to save her .
`` While this was happening I was all over the place like a madman , but I kept on talking to her , holding her head and kissing her .
`` The last thing I remember her saying to me was 'quick cuddle , ' so I made sure I was cuddling her .
`` Aretha has done incredibly well and was a fighter like her mummy , and after spending six weeks at hospital has finally come home . ''
Friends have set up a donations page in memory of Emma 's life , and all funds will go towards Emmanuel and Aretha : https : //www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/clair-ripley
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Roma 's owner has claimed Liverpool thought they had `` overpaid '' for Mohamed Salah .
The Egyptian faces his former club for the first time on Tuesday night in the Champions League semi-final first leg .
Salah has enjoyed an incredible first season at Anfield and scored his 41st goal of the campaign against West Brom on Saturday .
Roma chief James Pallotta says the Serie A club had little choice but to sell Salah - but Reds owner John W Henry was n't convinced it was a great deal , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Henry , Pallotta and FSG all have closed ties , with Palotta also being a Boston-based businessman , and he says that he offered to 'buy Henry lunch ' because the Reds owner was 'bitching ' about the deal .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Martin Rickett/PA Wire )
`` Well , when you look at it now , you can say it 's an unbelievable bargain . The issue at the time was that when ( director of football ) Monchi came in , Salah wanted to leave , he had a year left on his contract so in another year you 'd get nothing , '' he told ESPN .
“ He wanted to go back ( to the Premier League ) and prove himself , which he certainly has done . We ca n't tell you that anybody else was calling for Salah at anywhere near that kind of price , so there are a lot of teams that have missed out on the great play he 's had this year .
“ I told him ( Henry ) that because he was sort of bitching a little about , `` Did we overpay ? I think we overpaid , '' and I said `` I 'll buy you lunch . ''
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : REUTERS )
Pallotta has owned the Serie A side since 2011 when he and fellow investors Thomas DiBenedetto , Michael Ruane and Richard D'Amore took over in the Italian capital .
DiBenedetto is a partner in FSG and was succeeded by Palotta as Roma chairman , who has previously referred to the semi-final as a `` Boston derby '' .
Pallotta admits he has been surprised by Salah 's impact at Liverpool , saying that Jurgen Klopp has utilised the Egyptian differently from how he was used in Rome .
Asked if he had been surprised by Salah 's form , he said : “ Honestly , yes . And the reason is probably because look , we utilized him differently than Liverpool have . They figured out the best way to utilize him .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Jan Kruger/Getty Images )
“ At the time , we had him as a winger and you got ( Edin ) Dzeko in the middle and Dzeko 's scoring 36 goals himself last year , so it 's not like we did n't have someone in there tearing up the league last year .
“ So with Dzeko there it changed a lot of how Salah would be used , and they figured out how to use him a little differently and he 's much more in the middle it seems like .
“ Where I 'm surprised , is how great he 's finishing . I mean I think he would say that in Rome , while he had a bunch of goals , his frustration was not finishing the same way and now you get the ball near his feet and it just seems like he 's figured a way to put it in the net .
“ Do they have bigger nets in the Premier League ? It 's just been amazing watching him and every time he scores I 'm like , `` Oh dear God ! ''
( Image : PA )
The Roma chairman will not get to see Salah in the flesh at Anfield however , because he is n't planning on attending the match on Merseyside .
He will be watching when the sides meet in Rome a week on Wednesday .
He added : “ I have my superstitions . I mean I did n't go to the last game in this round in Barcelona and then went to the home game and so I kind of keep doing those same things . It 's just always stuff like that happens that I have .
“ If I go back to the days playing basketball , from high school and on , I would put my left sock on first then my right , my left shoe then my right , tie my left shoe then tie my right .
`` If my right shoe came undone , then I 'd have to go back and untie my left , retie that one , do the right , so you know , I 've got these little quirks .
“ There 's an Italian restaurant in London that Franco Baldini and a few of us have watched games in the past so we 'll be upstairs in one of those . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Still checking out the new content from April ? Well , get a move on as May will soon be here .
There 's a few horror classics like Scream 2 to squeal away at as well as Netflix Originals to keep you busy .
The much anticipated The Rain drops on May 4 , and Dear White People season two is on it 's way too .
There 's also a new docuseries looking at the true story behind America 's most diabolical Bank Heist .
Get ready for some nostalgia too , with Men Behaving Badly , Cold Feet and Prime Suspect all coming to the streaming site .
So if you 're wondering what to put in your diary , here 's the best of the crop and the the full list of what 's new on Netflix for May and when it 's available .
Scroll down for the full list - and dates .
ORIGINAL SERIES
A Little Help with Carol Burnett ( 04/05/2018 )
In this original unscripted series starring comedy legend Carol Burnett , kids dish out advice to celebrities and everyday people in front of a live audience .
( Image : DWP-09679 )
Dear White People : Volume 2 ( 04/05/2018 )
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman : Tina Fey ( 04/05/2018 )
( Image : Per Arnesen )
The Rain : Season 1 ( 04/05/2018 )
Romantic dilemmas , a social media troll and big changes at Armstrong-Parker House push Sam , Lionel and friends to the breaking point.Tina Fey opens up about her family , the changing culture at “ SNL ” and the one moment she wishes she could take back . Plus , blues icon Buddy Guy .
After a brutal virus wipes out most of the population , two young siblings embark on a perilous search for safety . A Scandinavian thriller series .
Bill Nye Saves the World : Season 3 ( 11/05/2018 )
Bill and his guests explore the future of food , the science of addiction and more in a new set of episodes of the Emmy-nominated series .
Mob Psycho 100 : Season 1 ( 22/05/2018 )
There 's an organization gathering espers for a nefarious purpose . Powerful psychic Mob , however , is just trying to be the protagonist of his own life .
Terrace House : Opening New Doors : Part 2 ( 22/05/2018 )
As Shion and Tsubasa grow closer day by day , Ami and Takayuki 's relationship grows complicated , and new housemates join the group .
Fauda : Season 2 ( 24/05/2018 )
Doron teams up with his old undercover unit when a militant who has targeted him for revenge also launches a more ambitious covert plan .
The Toys That Made Us : Season 2 ( 25/05/2018 )
The new season features Star Trek , Transformers , LEGO and Hello Kitty .
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt : Season 4 ( 30/05/2018 )
Kimmy gets a job at a tech startup , Titus pretends to have a TV show to impress Mikey , and Jacqueline starts a talent agency .
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman : Howard Stern ( 31/05/2018 )
The ground-breaking radio personality takes the stage in the latest installment of Letterman 's in-depth , wide-ranging interview series .
WEEKLY EPISODES
Busted ! : Season 1 ( 04/05/2018 )
A hilarious panel of Korean entertainment icons team up with some of the biggest names in K-Drama in this madcap whodunit variety show . More “ Keystone Cops ” than “ Sherlock Holmes , '' each episode sees our cast of bumbling detectives solve a different mystery based on vignettes presented by famous Korean actors and comedians . An overarching plot unfolds throughout the series , and the tension mounts as the panel edges closer to the awful truth .
The Break with Michelle Wolf ( 27/05/2018 )
Michelle Wolf pokes fun at everything and everyone on her weekly show . Wolf has worked on `` The Daily Show '' and `` Late Night with Seth Meyers . ''
Riverdale : Season 2 ( New episodes Thursdays , finale on 17/05 )
Designated Survivor : Season 2 ( New episodes Thursdays , finale on 17/05 )
Dynasty : Season 1
Shadowhunters : The Mortal Instruments : Season 3 ( New episodes Wednesdays )
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale ( New episodes Sundays , finale on 13/05 )
NETFLIX FILM
Sometimes ( 01/05/2018 )
Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early , learning one is positive .
Manhunt ( 04/05/2018 )
A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot .
Forgive Us Our Debts ( 04/05/2018 )
Threatened by creditors , a newly unemployed man agrees to work for a debt collector , but soon discovers his deal with the devil has unexpected costs .
The Kissing Booth ( 11/05/2018 )
When teenager Elle 's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school , she risks her relationship with her best friend .
Cargo ( 18/05/2018 )
Stranded in rural Australia in the aftermath of a violent pandemic , an infected father desperately seeks a new home for his infant child , and a means to protect her from his own changing nature
Catching Feelings ( 18/05/2018 )
A Johannesburg professor and his journalist wife find their relationship tested in new ways when a famous , hard-partying writer enters their lives .
Ibiza ( 25/05/2018 )
When Harper 's two best friends tag along on her work trip to Barcelona , they ditch work and fly to Ibiza for Harper , who against her better judgement , falls for a hot DJ .
Sara 's Notebook ( 26/05/2018 )
A woman embarks on a harrowing search for her missing sister that brings her into the depths of the treacherous , war-torn Congolese jungle .
ORIGINAL COMEDY
John Mulaney : Kid Gorgeous Live at Radio City ( 01/05/2018 )
A new stand-up special from John Mulaney .
Dany Boon : Des Hauts-De-France ( 04/05/2018 )
In an eclectic one-man show , French superstar Dany Boon reflects on his homeland , his first comedy gig and the challenges of parenting hostile teens .
Hari Kondabolu : Warn Your Relatives ( 08/05/2018 )
Hari Kondabolu breaks down identity politics , celebrity encounters , his mango obsession and more in a stand-up set full of unexpected twists .
Carlos Ballarta : Furia Ñera ( 11/05/2018 )
With his signature snark and razor-sharp wit , Mexican comedian Carlos Ballarta spotlights the absurdity of characters we encounter in every day life .
Ali Wong : Hard Knock Wife ( 13/05/2018 )
Pregnant again , Ali Wong returns in her second original stand-up comedy special and gets real on why having kids is not all it 's cracked up to be .
Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here ( 22/05/2018 )
Comedian Tig Notaro unleashes her inner prankster in a playful stand-up special packed with funny anecdotes , parenting confessions and more .
Steve Martin and Martin Short : An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life ( 25/05/2018 )
Comedy icons Steve Martin and Martin Short team up for musical sketches and conversations about their legendary lives in show business and stand-up .
Fernando Sanjiao : Hombre ( 25/05/2018 )
Argentine actor and comedian Fernando Sanjiao uses humor to explore the concept of masculinity in modern times .
ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY
End Game ( 04/05/2018 )
Directed by Academy Award winning filmmakers Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman , End Game is an intimate vérité style documentary short that follows visionary medical practitioners who are working on the cutting edge of life and death -- and dedicated to changing our thinking about both .
Evil Genius : the True Story of America 's Most Diabolical Bank Heist ( 11/05/2018 )
This docuseries investigates the true story of a pizza delivery man who robbed a bank , then was killed by a bomb fastened around his neck .
Explained ( Weekly episodes from 23/05 )
This series spotlights topical and timely issues that impact our lives -- from the gender wage gap to geopolitical politics .
ORIGINAL SERIES FOR KIDS
Kong : King of the Apes : Season 2 ( 04/05/2018 )
Lukas and friends explore a lost world full of prehistoric beasts , uncover clues to Kong 's past and race to stop a robot uprising led by Botila .
Spirit Riding Free : Season 5 ( 11/05/2018 )
Inspired by the Oscar nominated film Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron , Spirit Riding Free follows the heartfelt journey of a wild mustang who could not be tamed . A whole new generation will experience all the daring adventures when Spirit meets a girl named Lucky whose courage matches his own . Together they push limits , harness the power of friendship and discover what it means to be free . With their best friends by their side , they explore a world filled with endless rides , magnificent horses and never-ending fun .
The Who Was ? Show : Season 1 ( 11/05/2018 )
A live-action sketch comedy show for kids starring the greatest names in history . Based on the best-selling book series .
Trollhunters : Part 3 ( 25/05/2018 )
The fate of both trolls and humans hangs in the balance as the final chapter begins . Will Gunmar succeed in shrouding the world in darkness ?
Full list
May 1
Men Behaving Badly : Series 1
Men Behaving Badly : Series 2
Prime Suspect 5
Prime Suspect 6
Prime Suspect : The Final Act
Prime Suspect 4
Cold Feet : Season 5
Cold Feet : Season 3
Cold Feet : Season 4
Some Like It Hot
Wild Orchid 2
21
Audrey Rose
Love Rain : Season 1
Iris : Season 1
Boys Over Flowers : Vol . 1
Lakeview Terrace
iZombie : Season 4
Prime Suspect 1
Prime Suspect 2
Prime Suspect 3
Cold Feet : Season 2
Cold Feet : Season 1
Cold Feet : Season 6
Men Behaving Badly : Last Orders
Men Behaving Badly : Series 3
Men Behaving Badly : Series 4
Men Behaving Badly : Series 5
Men Behaving Badly : Series 6
Case Closed : Season 1
ALVINNN ! ! ! And the Chipmunks
The Frankenstein Chronicles : Season 2
Liquid Edge : Season 1
Sing-a-long with PJ Masks
Little Boy Blue : Season 1
Prime Suspect 1973 : Season 1
Sam Faiers : The Mummy Diaries : Season 1
Tesla
Love Island : Season 1
Love Island : Season 2
A Life of Its Own : The Truth About Medical Marijuana
Maigret Sets a Trap
Maigret 's Dead Man
Cameraman to the Queen
Rachel Carson
The Race Underground
The Battle of Chosin
Stratton
Kings of the Sun
Enter the Ninja
Queens of Comedy : Season 1
Swami Baba Ramdev : The Untold Story : Season 1
Maya Angelou : And Still I Rise
Ringan
Onaatah
27 : Gone Too Soon
The Standoff
Le K Benzema
Anjaan : Special Crimes Unit : Season 1
Gabru : Hip Hop Revolution : Season 1
Khan : No . 1 Crime Hunter : Season 1
Mere Papa Hero Hiralal : Season 1
Simon : Season 1
Love Ni Bhavai
Nibunan
Waiting
Hombanna
Abhinetri
Ajji
Gurgaon
Roberto Saviano : Writing Under Police Protection
Jewel 's Catch One
The Carter Effect
Life , Animated
Life , Animated
PJ Masks : Season 1
Pocoyo Halloween : Spooky Movies
Pocoyo & Cars
Pocoyo Carnival
Pocoyo Halloween : Space Halloween
Pocoyo & The Space Circus
Pocoyo Special Sports
Darc
Toc Toc
My Perfect Romance
CIA : Comrade in America
Food On The Go
Coffee for All
The Clapper
Si saben cómo me pongo ¿pá qué me invitan ?
Spiritual House : Season 1
Duck Butter
May 2
Jailbreak
May 3
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2
Miracles from Heaven
The Angry Birds Movie
Stagecoach : The Texas Jack Story
The Durrells : Season 1
May 4
RuPaul 's Drag Race : Season 10
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
No Estoy Loca
Lo más sencillo es complicarlo to-do
Family Blood
Kakegurui : Season 1
Thi Mai
The Good Cop : Season 1
May 5
Pup Star : World Tour
May 6
Poldark : Season 2
May 7
Prince Jai Aur Dumdaar Viru : Season 2
Sab Jholmaal Hai : Season 2
May 8
iZombie : Season 4
May 9
Daddy Day Care
May 10
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2
Bad Neighbours 2
Jeepers Creepers 3
O Renascimento do Parto
May 11
Taxi Driver
RuPaul 's Drag Race : Season 10
London
Ha Unlimited 2
Ha Unlimited 1
Spivak
May 13
The Intern
Kickboxer : Retaliation
May 14
The Legend of Wu Kong
iZombie : Season 4
May 15
Project Runway : Season 10
Project Runway : Season 9
Brain Games : Season 2
Drugs , Inc. : Season 4
Unusual Cultures : Season 1
Top 10 Secrets and Mysteries : Season 1
The Game 365 : Season 15
The Game 365 : Season 16
Disaster Earth : Season 1
Inside Cocaine Wars : Season 1
Doomsday Preppers : Season 1
The Traffickers : Season 1
Whisker Wars : Season 1
Project Runway : Junior : Season 1
Project Runway : Junior : Season 2
Invaders : Season 1
Lockdown Oz : Maximum Security
Party Like : Season 1
Crimes Against Nature : Season 1
Wild Australia : Season 1
Animal Intervention : Season 1
How Big Can It Get : Season 1
The Fashion Fund : Season 1
Catching Hell : Season 1
I Own Australia 's Best Home : Season 1
I Own Britain 's Best Home : Season 1
Martha Bakes : Season 5
Martha Bakes : Season 6
The Art Of ... : Season 2
Je ne suis pas une sorcière
Aadu 2
Chalay Thay Saath
Saint Seiya : The Lost Canvas : Season 1
Lupin the 3rd : The Castle of Cagliostro : Special Edition
May 16
Asian Provocateur : Season 2
May 17
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2
The Meddler
May 18
The Social Network
The Punisher
RuPaul 's Drag Race : Season 10
Midnight Express
True Music ( Working Title ) : Songs ( Working Title )
May 20
Episodes : Season 5
May 22
iZombie : Season 4
Men On A Mission : 2018
Maze
May 24
Killers
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2
Making Fun : The Story of Funko
Survivor 's Guide to Prison
May 25
Mindhunters
RuPaul 's Drag Race : Season 10
Reign Over Me
May 26
12 Monkeys : Season 3
The Darkness
May 27
Pan
May 28
Maggie 's Plan
Lockup : Raw : Collection 1
May 29
iZombie : Season 4
May 30
Wish Upon
Trump : An American Dream : Season 1
May 31
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2
Queen of the South : Season 2
Healer : Season 1
Full House
Oh My Venus : Season 1
Who Are You : School 2015 : Season 1
Hwarang : Season 1
Blood : Season 1
The Producers : Season 1
Love in the Moonlight : Season 1
Uncontrollably Fond : Season 1
Beauty and the Bitches : Season 2
Blood & Treasures : Season 1
Beauty and the Bitches : Season 1
Nonprofit Working To Block Drug Imports Has Ties To Pharma Lobby
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Diodato/Getty Images Bill Diodato/Getty Images
A nonprofit organization that has orchestrated a wide-reaching campaign against foreign drug imports has deep ties to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , or PhRMA , the powerful lobbying group that includes Eli Lilly , Pfizer and Bayer .
The nonprofit , called the Partnership for Safe Medicines , has recently emerged as a leading voice against Senate bills that would allow drugs to be imported from Canada .
Both the lobbying group and the nonprofit partnership have gone to great lengths to show that drugmakers are not driving what they describe as a grass-roots effort to fight imports , including an expensive advertising blitz and an event last week that featured high-profile former FBI officials and a former Food and Drug Administration commissioner .
However , a Kaiser Health News analysis of groups involved in the partnership shows more than one-third have received PhRMA funding or are local chapters of groups that have received PhRMA funding , according to PhRMA tax disclosures from 2013 to 2015 .
Forty-seven of the organizations listed in the ads appear to be advocacy organizations that received no money from PhRMA in those years .
A PhRMA senior vice president , Scott LaGanga , previously led the Partnership for Safe Medicines for 10 years . At PhRMA , LaGanga was responsible for the lobbying group 's alliances with patient advocacy groups , and he was simultaneously listed as the executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines on each of that group 's annual tax filings since 2007 , the earliest year for which they are available from ProPublica 's Nonprofit Explorer .
LaGanga wrote a 2011 article about the partnership 's origins . Published in the Journal of Commercial Biotechnology , it described `` public-private partnerships in addressing counterfeit medicines . '' His PhRMA job was not disclosed in the article .
From 2010 to 2014 , the organization hosted a conference called the Partnership for Safe Medicines Interchange . In a video from a 2013 event , LaGanga thanks pharmaceutical companies , most of them PhRMA members , for sponsoring the event .
In February , LaGanga moved to a senior role at PhRMA and stepped down as executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines , just as the group 's campaign to stop import legislation was revving up .
The partnership 's new executive director , Shabbir Safdar , said LaGanga resigned from the group to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest .
`` That 's why Scott 's not executive director anymore , '' he said . PhRMA declined to make LaGanga available for an interview .
Considering Legislation
The Senate push to allow Americans to buy pharmaceuticals from Canada comes as more patients balk at filling prescriptions because of soaring drug prices . Prescription medicines purchased in the U.S. can run three times what they cost in Canada , data from the company PharmacyChecker.com show .
In 2016 , about 19 million Americans purchased pharmaceuticals illegally from foreign sources through online pharmacies or while traveling , according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll . Many survey respondents cited pricing disparities as the reason .
A bill cosponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) would provide a mechanism for Canadian drug manufacturers to sell to U.S. consumers and pharmacies . Sanders introduced the bill in February . In January , Sens . John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) and Amy Klobuchar ( D-Minn. ) also introduced a bill to allow drug imports from Canada .
In the House , Rep. Elijah Cummings ( D-Md . ) introduced a similar bill to Sanders ' , along with 23 other Democrats .
The U.S. drug industry has strongly opposed efforts to open the borders to drug imports , but the PhRMA lobbying group is not mentioned in the nonprofit partnership 's recent advertising blitz against the proposed legislation . The nonprofit says its grass-roots effort is supported by 170 members , including professional organizations and trade groups .
The nonprofit describes PhRMA as a dues-paying member with no larger role in shaping the group 's activities . Partnership spokeswoman Clare Krusing would not say how much each member contributes . PhRMA spokeswoman Allyson Funk declined to say whether PhRMA funds the partnership .
`` PhRMA engages with stakeholders across the health care system to hear their perspectives and priorities , '' Funk said . `` We work with many organizations with which we have both agreements and disagreements on public policy issues , and believe engagement and dialogue are critical . ''
Campaigning Against Drug Imports
The partnership recently launched its ad campaign , warning against the alleged dangers of legalizing Canadian drug imports . It includes television commercials , promoted search results on Google and a full-page print ad in The Washington Post and The Hill . The group 's YouTube page shows recent commercials targeted to viewers in 13 states .
`` We do n't disclose specific ad figures , but the campaign is in the high six figures , '' Safdar said .
The commercials ask voters to urge their senators to `` oppose dangerous drug importation legislation . ''
The newspaper ad reads , `` Keep the nation 's prescription drug supply safe . Urge the Senate to reject drug importation measures . '' Its headline declares that `` 170 healthcare advocacy groups oppose drug importation , '' noting a letter to Congress signed by its members . The ad lists 160 members who signed the letter , and PhRMA 's name is not included .
`` Having a big membership allows the coalition to present what looks like a unified show of grass-roots support ... but it does raise questions about which members of the coalition are really driving and funding the group 's policy-making , '' said Matthew McCoy , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania who studies patient advocacy groups .
The list of groups includes at least 64 trade organizations representing the biomedical industry , professional associations representing pharmacists , a private research company and two insurance companies .
One group that signed the letter , the `` Citrus Council , National Kidney Foundation of Florida Inc. , '' represents a single volunteer , according to an email from the group . A spokesman for the National Kidney Foundation of Florida said the volunteer 's views contradict the position of the umbrella group , and said the foundation supports `` any sort of drug importation that allows our patients to have access to drugs at the best price . ''
Two of the hepatitis patients ' advocacy groups that were listed , the National Association of Hepatitis Task Forces and the California Hepatitis C Task Force , are run by the same person , Bill Remak . Remak said the groups receive small amounts of PhRMA funding .
`` I do n't enjoy having to take this extreme position of saying we should n't import at all , but until we have some oversight regime , some way of protecting consumers , it 's a really tough call , '' he said .
`` Current drug importation proposals do not appear to have equal safety and chain-of-custody accountability laid out adequately for patient safety concerns , '' said William Arnold , president of the Community Access National Network , which is also listed in the ad and is an advocacy and support group for people living with HIV/AIDS or hepatitis in Washington , D.C. His group did not accept money from PhRMA between 2013 to 2015 , the Kaiser Health News analysis found .
Concerns About Safety And Price
Last week , the partnership hosted a panel at the National Press Club featuring former FBI director Louis Freeh and former FDA commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach . The discussion focused on the alleged health and legal dangers of online pharmacies .
`` You can talk about lowering prices , but if a drug comes with a high probability of toxicity and death , that comes at a high cost to the patient , '' von Eschenbach said . `` That 's what 's at issue with drug importation . ''
Each speaker argued that the bill co-sponsored by Sanders would be harmful to patients . Around the same time that bill was introduced , the partnership also sent emails to member organizations seeking help to stop such a measure .
Speakers at the partnership event claimed importation would lead to a flood of counterfeit medicines laced with arsenic , fentanyl and lead paint .
`` These drugs are manufactured in jungles , in tin drums , in basements . ... Those are the sort of sanitary conditions we 're talking about here , '' said George Karavetsos , a former director of the FDA 's Office of Criminal Investigations .
Both von Eschenbach and Karavetsos have ties to the pharmaceutical industry . Von Eschenbach left the FDA in 2009 to join Greenleaf Health , which counsels pharmaceutical clients , before starting his own consulting company , and Karavetsos counsels pharmaceutical clients at DLA Piper , a Washington , D.C. , law firm .
In an interview , Josh Miller-Lewis , Sanders ' deputy director of communications , refuted Karavetsos ' arguments . He said Canadian drugmakers can apply for licenses , and all drugs would have to come from FDA-inspected plants .
Politico reported in October that PhRMA is bolstering its war chest by another $ 100 million per year , suggesting to many industry analysts that drugmakers are gearing up for a ferocious fight .
`` I think it 's safe to say pharmaceutical corporations are prepared to spend some fraction of their multibillion-dollar profits to fight drug importation and any other policy that might end the plague of overpriced medicine , '' said Rick Claypool , research director for Public Citizen , a watchdog group critical of the drug industry .
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent newsroom that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The mum of three children allegedly murdered in arson attack at their home does n't know they are dead while she fights for own life life in hospital .
Schoolgirl Demi Pearson , 14 , died along with her eight-year-old brother and seven-year-old sister , named locally as Brandon and Lacie .
A three-year-old girl was also left in a critical condition .
Mum-of-six Michelle also remains in a serious condition and is unaware that three of her six children are dead .
Two 16-year-old boys also managed to escape the blaze at the house in Walkden , Manchester .
( Image : ENTERPRISE NEWS AND PICTURES )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Neighbours described the terrified screams from the house as it was engulfed in an inferno as firefighters fought the flames after being called to the property at 5am .
Police confirmed the tragedy was being treated as a murder enquiry and tonight four suspects - men aged 23 , 20 and 18 , plus a 20-year-old woman - were being questioned on suspicion of murder .
A 24-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender .
Family friend Janette Dean , 54 , said : `` I 've known Michelle - 'Shell ' - Pearson now for over 20 years .
`` She was a great person - I felt sick when I found out about what had happened . I felt sick to the bottom of my stomach .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : MEN Media )
( Image : MEN Media )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` What happened today is terrible , it 's the worse - it 's unbelievable those kids are dead .
`` I 've lost two children in circumstances too and Shell helped me when my kids died , she was there for me . ''
Detectives earlier said an ‘ active manhunt ' was underway , although no name was issued for the suspect they wanted .
Chief Supt Wayne Miller said of the suspect : “ All I would say is he knows who he is and he should give himself up immediately . I would ask that person to do the right thing .
( Image : MEN MEDIA )
“ We have a suspect who we are urgently seeking in relation to this attack . ”
Asked whether the tragedy was related to organised crime , the police chief said the force was ‘ keeping an open mind ' .
He spoke of a ‘ truly horrific ' incident as he appealed for witnesses to the fire or anyone with information to come forward .
He added : “ We have launched a murder investigation - this is the murder using fire of three children .
`` This will devastate this family forever . Words can not describe what they are going through .
( Image : Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News )
“ We are dealing with the murder of three children here . ”
Seven people were rescued from the property and taken to hospital .
One woman , who did not wish to be named , said she knew the mother of the family .
She said : “ I have known Michelle for years . The family have lived here for a long time . We are all just in shock .
“ There has been trouble round here before but it 's more wannabe gangsters , teenage stuff . ”
( Image : Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News )
It is understood some of the victims of the fire , including Demi , attended Harrop Fold School in Salford which featured in the Channel 4 TV Series Educating Greater Manchester .
Executive headteacher Drew Povey said in a statement : “ We are devasted at the tragic loss of life today in our community . Our thoughts and prayers are with the family involved . ”
Paying tribute to Demi on Facebook , Kirsty Livingstone posted : “ Demi Pearson you are one of the funniest An ( sic ) loving young woman that iv ever got to know ... Im so grateful to have the opportunity to watch you grow from a lil girl to a beautiful young woman ...
`` I ca n't believe your gone ... your cheek face An funny attitude will be missed by everyone who had the opportunity to know you . Fly high angel R.I.P Demi . ”
( Image : MEN MEDIA )
Chief Supt Miller added : “ This is a truly horrific incident with absolutely tragic consequences .
`` The deaths of three children is heartbreaking . Our thoughts go to the family . We need the public 's help to find the answers the family deserve . ”
He added that trained officers were supporting the family and ‘ scores of officers ' were working on the enquiry .
Detectives confirmed that there had been ‘ earlier incidents ' at the address .
It is understood that police and emergency services had been called to the property after an incident three hours before the blaze after claims a wheelie bin had been set on fire .
Greater Manchester Policw has referred itself to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
Sachin Tendulkar , in his letter to PM Modi , informed him that he had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : Cricketer legend Sachin Tendulkar has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , requesting him to include all international medallists in central government health scheme ( CGHS ) . Talking about the plight that elite sportspersons go through when facing health issues , Tendulkar in his letter cited the example of Hockey Olympic gold medallist Mohammed Shahid 's last days .
“ I am writing to you as a concerned sportsperson on behalf of all the sportsperson in our country requesting your kind intervention for inclusion of all sportsperson who have won medals internationally in the list of sportsperson eligible for CGHS facilities , ” Tendulkar wrote to Modi on 24 October , a copy of which is in possession of PTI .
CGHS is availed by all Central Government employees who have access to medical centres which is associated with this scheme . Tendulkar , in his letter to PM Modi , informed him that he had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry .
“ They ( Health Ministry ) were supportive of the idea but shared their inability to consider wider range of sportsperson under CGHS scheme through their reply dated 14 September . I completely appreciate and understand their position basis our original request , ” Tendulkar wrote . Tendulkar has requested PM to at least consider inclusion of international medallists ( non Govt employees ) on a “ pilot/test ' , whose cost benefits can be assessed by the sports ministry .
“ Once we analyse the cost/benefits the same can be extended to additional categories of sportspersons in a phased manner , after value of Pilot Programme is assessed by Health Ministry , ” the maestro wrote . Tendulkar spoke about late Shahid , who got help only during his last days . Shahid passed away due to liver related problem .
“ Not all sportspersons have been historically allocated government jobs , hence even if limited pool of international medal winners are considered , we can prevent incidents of apathy such as Shri Mohammed Shahid , one of our greatest hockey players , ” he further wrote .
As a parting shot , Tendulkar wrote : “ I have been through several tough injuries where I have felt the pressure of an uncertain comeback . The amount of physical and mental stress that sportsperson goes through is immense . “ The medical cost creates additional burden on athletes , which in turn acts as a deterrent. ” PTI
Ask a 20-year-old who is old and she is likely to say anybody over 40 . At 30 you are likely to shift that to maybe 50 . At 40 , 60 is old . Our perception of who is old keeps moving as we age . Not long ago , an 82-year-old very seriously spoke to me about “ that young man of 50 ” . But it is true that the answer to “ who is old ” has changed from what it was a hundred years ago . That 's because , the “ who is old ” question needs to be seen in the context of life expectancy , or the age at which an average person dies . World Bank data puts this number at 52.5 for the world in 1960 and at 71.8 in 2015 . The generation that will live to be a 100 may have possibly already been born .
The answer of “ who is old ” matters in ways that have nothing to do with vanity . It matters to each of us and it matters to a world that is living longer and longer .
To the country and the world , this question is hugely important because it is linked to the age at which we retire . The current system of a retirement age fixed between 58 and 65 emerged approximately 70-80 years ago when life expectancy was in the same range . This unsaid linking of pensions to life expectancy worked fine till the human being began to live longer . But the growing burden of people living longer on state pensions is derailing national budgets , especially in the developed world that has low birth rates and rising longevity .
Pension reform in the UK has already begun to push at the boundary of the retirement age and the pension benefits that the retirees can enjoy . State pensions from 2019 will begin at age 66 and not 65 . By 2028 , this will be 67 with future windows to more change linked to life expectancy . Changing benefits is one of the toughest political calls and pushing forward the year in which benefits begin is not easy .
One way that could work is to benchmark change to an external parameter . India has done this fairly well in this when we changed the way the guaranteed state saving schemes ' returns are declared . Till 2016 , these were announced once a year in a fairly arbitrary manner . When overall interest and inflation rates were high in the economy , these products were given a return of 12 % a year . However , when inflation and interest rates came down , attempts to move the Public Provident Fund ( PPF ) rates down were met with protests . In 2016 , the government linked the interest rates on small savings to government securities . The fight goes out of the game when such a move takes place . Governments across the world could benchmark retirement age to some measure of longevity for that country .
Another way to look at deciding the threshold of retirement and old age is to look at the average number of years left to live . If the life expectancy is 80 , then old age and retirement begins at 65 . For a population that will live to a 100 , old age will begin at 85 .
India has been ahead of the global curve in recalibration of the pension burden . In 2004 , it transited most government employees ( the armed forces are an exception ) to a defined contribution market-linked National Pension System ( NPS ) . The NPS allows subscribers to build a retirement kitty in a mutual fund . On retirement , they get a part of the kitty and a pension that they buy as an annuity from an annuity seller .
India moved fast to make a structural shift in its pension burden while the population is still young but the threat that this big reform gets derailed is always there . Specially in pre-election months .
A recent news report said that the Rajasthan government may go back to the old defined benefit system of pensions and dump the market-linked defined contribution NPS . If true , then this is a disaster for India . Other states and lobby groups will then want to revert to the old scheme if the road is shown by the Rajasthan government . The railway employees have already been drawing parallels between their work and that of the armed forces to get an NPS exemption . A small bunch of entitled people will make all of us , and our children , pay . Policy change and then implementation is very tough . It will be a short-sighted central government to allow one state to begin a rush to the bottom in Indian pensions .
For us as individuals , the threat of living longer than our resources is very real . This is specially true of the urban mass affluent population that will live longer than the national average by many years .
We have to rethink our lives in at least two important ways . One , intend to work much longer than the earlier retirement age of 58 . Even after you formally retire , plan to work for at least 15-20 years more . These are the low on energy , but high on wisdom years . Have a few interests and skills on the back burner as you progress through your active career . Two , overestimate your retirement corpus . Medical costs will be more and you could live longer than you thought you would . A rough rule of thumb says that you need between 18 and 35 times your annual expenses at age 60 ( read more about this here ) . That means if you spend Rs20 lakh a year at age 60 , you will need a corpus of between Rs 3.6 crore and Rs7 crore for your retirement .
Monika Halan writes on household finance , policy and regulation . She is consulting editor Mint . She can be reached at monika.h @ livemint.com
× Expand Whole Foods will anchor the Sauer Center development . ( Rendering courtesy Freeman Morgan Architects )
Walls came tumbling down during the winter at the old Pleasants Hardware building on West Broad Street , where construction is underway for a Whole Foods store that will anchor the 200,000-square-foot Sauer Center development .
Whole Foods has not announced an opening date , but the building is set for completion this fall , according to contractor L.F. Jennings . Dewey Gills , chief executive officer of of Freeman Morgan Architects , which is designing the 45,000-square-foot store , said interior work could begin in October .
The Pleasants demolition uncovered a brick wall with window openings at 2022 W. Broad St. “ That exterior facade will be seen from the interior from Whole Foods , ” Gills says . “ That 's going to be part of their decor . ”
Mark A. Olinger , director of Richmond 's department of Planning and Development Review , said the Sauer Center will be a multimillion-dollar project that also encompasses two warehouses behind the C.F . Sauer Co. headquarters on Hermitage Road and the former Virginia Department of Taxation building next to Lee 's Famous Recipe Chicken , which will remain . Sauer Properties , the development arm of food manufacturer C.F Sauer , will lease the buildings for retail and office space . “ They 're aggressively pursuing a mix of commercial tenants , ” Olinger says .
Torrent Pharmaceuticals shares on Wednesday closed at Rs1,333.95 each on BSE , down 1.05 % .
Ahmedabad : Ahmedabad-based Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited on Wednesday said its net profit for the quarter ended 31 March rose 11 % to Rs228 crore compared to Rs206 crore in the corresponding period a year ago .
The company registered a 20 % jump in its revenue at Rs1,722 crore for the fourth quarter as against Rs1,434 crore in the same period last year .
The strong growth in revenue , it said , was backed by its domestic business that posted Rs693 crore in sales for Q4 FY 2017-18 as compared to Rs467 crores for the same period last year , registering a 48 % growth .
For its overseas business , in Brazil the company recorded revenue of Rs215 crore for the fourth quarter as compared to Rs216 crore for the same period last year .
In the US , Torrent Pharma recorded a revenue of Rs307 crore for Q4 FY18 as compared to Rs280 crore for the same period last year , registering a 9 % growth . Its revenue in Germany grew by 6 % as it recorded revenue to the tune of Rs248 crore in the fourth quarter as compared to Rs.235 crore last year .
Torrent Pharmaceuticals shares on Wednesday closed at Rs1,333.95 each on BSE , down 1.05 % .
The time of being hideously embarrassed by your lack of language skills while on holiday could be drawing to a close with the launch of the Translate One2One from Lingmo , a $ 179 ( roughly £140 or AU $ 235 ) device that promises to whisper almost instant translations in your ear as you go about your business .
According to its Australian makers , it 's powered by the machine learning technology available through the IBM Watson natural language processing platform , and can get answers back to you within 3-5 seconds . That 's not instant , but it 's a whole lot faster than leafing through a foreign dictionary .
What 's more , it 's fully independent ; with 3G connectivity built-in , the headset and earpiece does n't have to be connected to your phone via Bluetooth or WiFi to get the translation done . The device supports US English , UK English , Japanese , French , Chinese , Italian , Spanish , German and Portuguese at the moment .
Making yourself understood
Shipping for the headset is expected to start in July and phone apps are apparently on the way too so you can tap into the same smart translation technology on your mobile . As the system learns , it should get better at translation over time - current field tests say the device is accurate about 85 % of the time .
The team behind the device says it 's particularly good at recognizing context , so it knows when you want `` cool '' to mean something good rather than something cold . They 're hoping the headset is going to be a hit with business travelers , though if you want to have a one-to-one conversation with someone , you need two headsets .
There are plenty of other devices exploring the same technology coming to market in the near future , including the Pilot earpieces from Waverly Labs and the remote-style , wearable translator called Ili from Japanese company Logbar . This summer you might at last be able to make yourself understood abroad .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wage growth has slumped to its lowest rate for two years despite record employment figures out today .
Weekly pay excluding bonuses grew by 2.6 % between September and December 2016 compared to a year earlier .
But `` real '' growth once inflation is counted for was just 1.4 % , the lowest rate since February 2015 .
It means despite average earnings of £507 a week , real pay has risen just 13 % in the last 17 years .
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said : `` This will be worrying for families whose have still not seen their living standards recover following the financial crisis . ''
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Laura Gardiner of the Resolution Foundation think tank added : “ Encouraging news on jobs is n't feeding through into earnings , which have shown no sign of responding to fast-rising inflation .
`` Unless this changes Britain is set for a fresh pay squeeze later this year . ''
Today 's figures showed unemployment is the lowest since 2006 at 4.8 % , one of the lowest rates in Europe .
But unemployment actually rose by more than 10,000 in each of the West Midlands and North East .
The ONS also said record employment among women - which reached 70 % for the first time - was partly due to pension age rises forcing them to work longer .
It also said the number of people claiming out-of-work benefits - down to 745,000 - was likely to be volatile because all-in-one system Universal Credit is still being rolled out .
Public sector workers are now just 17.1 % of the UK workforce compared to 21.1 % in 2011 after sweeping austerity .
The figures also show the number of EU nationals working in Britain fell between September and December for the first time in more than two years .
The figures emerged after police forces confirmed a surge in reported hate crime after the EU referendum last June .
But the total of 2.24million was still far higher than a year earlier ( 2.05m ) , the ONS said , and the statistics authority made no mention of Brexit .
And overall the number of non-UK nationals working in this country increased by 233,000 to 3.48million between October to December 2015 and the same quarter last year .
Non-UK nationals now make up 10.9 % of the workforce , up from 3.8 % in 1997 .
Across Britain , more than 31.8 million adults are in a job .
Work and Pensions Secretary Damian Green claimed the figures show Brits `` remain in a position of strength . ''
He added : `` Our ongoing welfare reforms will continue to incentivise work and make sure the system is fair to all those who need it and those who pay for it .
`` With youth unemployment down , women in work at record levels and number of disabled people in work increasing too , we 're delivering on our pledge to build a country that works for everyone . ''
Unemployment rate in your region
( Photo : Getty )
Region / Unemployed people Sept-Dec 2016 ( change on June-Aug 2016 ) / New unemployment in %
North East 90,000 ( +11,000 ) 7.0 %
North West 180,000 ( -7,000 ) 5.0 %
Yorkshire and The Humber 137,000 ( -14,000 ) 5.0 %
East Midlands 114,000 ( +6,000 ) 4.7 %
West Midlands 168,000 ( +17,000 ) 5.9 %
East of England 140,000 ( +5,000 ) 4.4 %
London 260,000 ( -6,000 ) 5.5 %
South East 157,000 ( -12,000 ) 3.4 %
South West 101,000 ( -8,000 ) 3.6 %
Wales 67,000 ( -1,000 ) 4.4 %
Scotland 135,000 ( +6,000 ) 4.9 %
Northern Ireland 48,000 ( -3,000 ) 5.3 %
New York : Treasury yields fell with the dollar while US stocks fluctuated after the Federal Reserve raised rates as expected and stuck to its forecast for an additional hike this year .
The 10-year Treasury note yield held at the lowest since November , and the greenback weakened versus major peers—both had declined earlier after inflation data came in below forecasts . Fed officials saw near-term risks as “ roughly balanced. ” US stocks remained mixed near record levels . Oil tumbled below $ 45 a barrel in New York .
policymakers agreed to raise their benchmark lending rate for the third time in six months , maintained their outlook for one more hike in 2017 and set out some details for how they intend to shrink their $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet this year . Chair Janet Yellen will hold a press conference at 2:30 pm .
Central banks in Japan , Switzerland and Britain are also scheduled to weigh in with policy decisions this week . Investors have reined in expectations for a Bank of England interest-rate increase after the election shock .
Markets largely ignored a shooting that wounded the third-highest ranked US House Republican and at least four others at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia . The gunman later died from injuries in a shootout with police . Bloomberg
The night a gunman fired into a crowd of 22,000 people at the country music festival in Las Vegas in 2017 , nursing supervisor Antoinette Mullan at University Medical Center was focused on one thing : saving lives .
She recalls dead bodies on gurneys across the triage floor , a trauma bay full of victims . But `` in that moment , we 're not aware of anything else but taking care of what 's in front of us , '' Mullan says .
She calls that event , `` the most horrific evening of my life . '' But in a career spanning 30 years , Mullan has experienced plenty of other tragic incidents in which she witnessed suffering and death .
She says she has tried to work through these painful memories , mostly on her own .
`` I can tell you that after 30 years , I still have emotional breakdowns and I never know when it 's going to hit me , '' she says .
In 2017 , there were 346 mass shootings nationwide , including the Las Vegas massacre — one of the deadliest in U.S. history — according to Gun Violence Archive , a nonprofit organization that tracks the country 's gun-related deaths .
The group , which defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more people are killed or injured , has identified 159 so far this year , through July 3 .
Just last week , a gunman burst into the newsroom of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis , Md. , killing five journalists and injuring two others .
Many of the men and women who respond to these tragedies have become heroes and victims at once . Some firefighters , EMTs , police and others say the scale , sadness and sometimes sheer gruesomeness of their experiences haunt them .
Many , like Mullan , are stoic , forgoing counseling even when it is offered .
`` I do n't have this sense that I need to go and speak to someone , '' says Mullan . `` Maybe I do , and I just do n't know it . ''
A growing toll
Research shows that emergency first responders suffer from the accumulation of stress and trauma . First responders report feeling depression , job burnout , substance abuse , troubled relationships — even suicide . Many studies have found elevated rates of post-traumatic stress disorder among nurses , firefighters and paramedics . A 2016 report by the International Association of firefighters found that firefighters and paramedics are exhibiting levels of PTSD similar to that of combat veterans .
Yet there 's a dearth of research on treatment , insufficient preparation by employers for traumatic events and significant stigma associated with seeking care for the emotional fallout of those events , says Jeff Dill , a counselor and founder of the Firefighter Behavioral Health Alliance in Anthem , Ariz .
`` When we have these national disasters or have a guy take a truck and run people over ... those are added stressors we are n't prepared for , '' says Dill , who is a former firefighter .
Dill says the emotional toll of these large-scale horrific events is magnified because everyone is talking about them . They are inescapable and become emotional `` trigger points . ''
But a slow change in culture is also catching on , Dill says .
Dill travels the country teaching mental health awareness workshops for firefighters and other emergency personnel . Some employers are working on developing greater peer support , he says , but it often comes after the fact rather than proactively .
`` We met a lot of resistance early on because of the [ stoic ] culture , '' says Dill .
Now , he says , emergency workers are starting to talk more openly about their PTSD and depression from the trauma they see at work . More first responders are reaching out to him and attending his workshops , he says .
`` When I started in the fire service way back when , we did n't have to worry about those things , '' Dill says . But now , `` out of those horrific incidents comes the conversation . They 're talking about it instead of keeping it buried deep inside . ''
' I was scared '
In 2015 , Gary Schuelke , a police watch commander , raced to the scene of a holiday party in San Bernardino , Calif. , where he and his fellow officers faced a fusillade of gunfire from a pair of homegrown terrorists .
He 'd seen a lot on the force over the years , but this call was different — and not just because of the numerous casualties . His son , a young police officer , was there with him .
Schuelke and his son , Ryan , chased the assailants ' car as the bullets whizzed by . It was the younger Schuelke 's first time exchanging fire with suspects .
Afterward , when both were safe , `` I asked him , 'You doing OK ? ' `` Gary Schuelke recalls . `` If you 're not , it 's cool . You can talk to me about it . He said , ' I 'm good , Dad . I 'm very happy to be part of taking down the bad guys . ' ''
The elder Schuelke says he recognized Ryan 's attitude . It reminded him of his own when he was younger . Ryan was `` just like I was when I was in my 20s ... chasing bad guys and making arrests , '' he says .
He recalls how he had decided early in his career to try to `` compartmentalize '' his work experiences so they would n't affect his personal life .
Generally , no one focused on officers ' mental health back then , he says , but experience has taught him how important it is to do just that .
Since then , he and some of his older colleagues have become more open to seeking help , he says . But some of the younger officers , like his son , still try to be stoic .
After the 2014 terrorist attack , which left 14 dead , his department quickly set up a `` debriefing '' meeting for all the officers involved , where they talked about the event as a group .
`` I made it a point in that meeting that I was going to talk about the fact that I was scared , '' says Schuelke . `` Not try to be macho in there and act like nothing bothered me about it . ''
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News ( KHN ) , which publishes California Healthline , an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation . KHN is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente .
× ‘ Duck Dynasty ' Robber Sentenced to Prison
MIDDLE SMITHFIELD TOWNSHIP — A man will spend at least four years in prison for a robbery spree in the Poconos .
Oscar Rodriguez was sentenced Monday to four to 10 years in prison .
Rodriguez had pleaded guilty to committing three armed robberies in 2016 .
Investigators said Rodriguez robbed the Wayne Bank in Middle Smithfield Township twice while wearing a “ Duck Dynasty ” Halloween costume and armed with a handgun . He got away with over $ 5,000 . He also robbed a Subway last October .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It must be one of the hardest jobs in the world - making the final days of a child 's life as comfortable as possible ,
But for Dr Alistair McAlpine it has been his life 's work .
Every day he must try to make the lives of terminally ill children as happy and pain-free as possible .
And Dr McAlpine , to combat the negativity he says is all over social media , has taken action .
So , he asked his patients , aged between four and nine , what they enjoyed in life and what gave it meaning .
Of course none of them enjoyed being in hospital but none worried about the small troubles of life so many adults do .
None wished they had watched more TV or spent more time on Facebook - and of course they all love ice cream .
Almost all of them enjoyed books and being told stories , urging parents to read more to their kids .
However , among the amusing and super-sweet quotes are those that really emphasised what the children were going through .
“ My real friends did n't care when my hair fell out , ” said one of McAlpine 's patients .
One child said : “ Dad must n't worry . He 'll see me again soon . ”
The doctor shared the message he wanted people would take from the children 's reflections : “ Be kind .
`` Read more books . Spend time with your family . Crack jokes . Go to the beach . Hug your dog . Tell that special person you love them .
`` Folks , read to your kids ! They love it . ''
The tweets have gone viral with his thread being retweeted more than 70,000 times .
“ What a wonderful yet tear jerking thread , ” one person commented .
Another added , “ I do n't remember feeling such heart melt and heartache over any twitter thread . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Prototypes for Donald Trump 's wall along the Mexican border were revealed today - before the US President picks his favourite design .
US Customs and Border Protection began building eight different types of walls at the border near San Diego and Tijuana in recent days .
Four of the designs will be made of concrete while the other four prototypes will be made of alternate materials .
US Customs and Border Protection acting deputy commissioner Ronald Vitiello said : “ We are committed to securing our border and that includes constructing border walls .
( Image : AFP )
“ Our multi-pronged strategy to ensure the safety and security of the American people includes barriers , infrastructure , technology and people .
“ Moving forward with the prototypes enables us to continue to incorporate all the tools necessary to secure our border . ”
The 30-foot long designs range from 18 feet to 30 feet high .
The prototypes will be tested to see how they handle attempts to breach them over coming weeks .
In a hint at what the alternate material designs may include , Mr Trump has previously said the wall could be solar powered .
He also declared a preference for the design to be transparent for safety reasons .
( Image : AFP )
“ It could be a steel wall with openings , but you have to have openings because you have to see what 's on the other side of the wall .
“ I 'll give you an example . As horrible as it sounds , when they throw the large sacks of drugs over , and if you have people on the other side of the wall , you do n't see them -- they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff ? ”
Mr Trump controversially promised to build a wall along the entire 2,000-mile Mexican border during his campaign last year .
The winning design is expected to be announced within a month .
An interview with Patrick Kennedy about the Ida Lewis Distance Race
Historic Ida Lewis Yacht Club in Newport , R.I. hosts the Ida Lewis Distance Race each August Meghan Sepe Historic Ida Lewis Yacht Club in Newport , R.I. hosts the Ida Lewis Distance Race each August Meghan Sepe
by David Schmidt , Sail-World USA Editor today at 6:01 pmWhile the dust of time has settled on this memory , I recall Bradford , the boat 's captain , describing that we were likely in for some weather during the ILDR , compliments of Hurricane Bill , which was rapidly advancing on the Ocean State . The good news was that it would likely be a short race ; the less than ideal news was that it could be the sort of “ short race ” ( it was a 150 nautical mile course ) that rattles fillings loose and thoroughly tests the seals on each piece of foul-weather gear.The breeze rapidly freshened after we left the starting line area and charged out of Narragansett Bay into Block Island Sound into a gathering headwind , quickly leaving most of our competition astern , except for George David 's always well-sailed 90-foot . The beat carried us some 30 nautical miles to a buoy off of Montauk in 18-25 knots of air and six-to-eight foot seas , giving us a powerful isometric workout that quickly translated into one hell of an off-the-breeze ride , first to Noman 's Land , then on to the Buzzard 's Bay Tower , where we entered a gybed while sailing at 22 knots through the water .
Titan XV 's ace crew nailed to gybe , and we settled in for a long beat back to Narragansett Bay that was punctuated by one of the most intense meteor sightings that I have ever witnessed offshore , as well as by the flickering hope that we might establish a new course record .
All was looking good for a new established passage time for this area classic until we re-entered Narragansett Bay , where the wind machine promptly shut off , leaving us to drift our way across the finishing line , nailing line honors but missing a new performance benchmark . Still , our passage time of 13 hours and 42 minutes was n't bad , especially considering the fact that we sat and floated in Narragansett Bay for ( I believe ) something like two hours at the end of the race .
While Titan XV sadly perished in a fire at Antigua Race Week in 2011 , the ILDR , now in it 's 13th year , is still in full swing , with this year 's race set to unfurl the weekend of August 18-20 . I caught up with Patrick Kennedy , chair of the 2017 ILDR , via email to learn more about the race 's history and evolution , its challenges , and the event 's new partnership with the 2017 J/Fest New England .
Can you give me an idea how the Ida Lewis Distance Race has grown and evolved since its first running in 2004 ?
The Ida Lewis Distance Race was inaugurated in 2004 as a biennial event ; however , by 2006 its impending popularity was clear , and it became an annual race that same year .
Now in its 13th edition , the race is a qualifier for the New England Lighthouse Series ( PHRF ) , the Northern and Double-Handed Ocean Racing Trophies ( IRC ) and has Youth and Collegiate Challenges that encourage the next generation of sailors to try distance racing on for size .
We are particularly proud of families , young adults and college students who compete in our race ; it fits our culture at Ida Lewis Yacht Club .
Can you tell me about the ILDR 's partnership with J/Fest New England this year ?
A total of ten J/Boats are sailing in the event after Ida Lewis organizers reached out to organizers and participants competing in J/Fest New England , which precedes the distance race on Aug. 11-13 .
It was a symbiotic thing : as a J/Boat sailor you could do their event and our event back-to-back . It 's a perfect opportunity for sailors to enjoy two extraordinary on-the-water experiences during the same time frame .
We always have J/Boats , but this is more than we 've had in the past , so coordination with J/Fest organizers worked well .
I understand that the course shifts around each year based on conditions ( at least , I believe it did when I sailed the event in 2009…right before a hurricane rolled through ! ) , but what are the different target course lengths for the ILDR ?
There are four courses , ranging from 107 to 169 nautical miles in length . We choose the best one according to the conditions that will give our competitors the most enjoyable and competitive experience on Rhode Island and Block Island Sounds .
After careful consideration , the new Buzzards Bay Tower Course will be a short course option for the ILDR Race Committee this year . We changed the Buzzards Bay Tower Course-Course 4 , 112 miles-due to a missing government mark at the mouth of the Sakonnet River .
Sailors like that we have a variety of courses from which to choose based on the weather .
If you could offer a single piece of advise to first-time ILDR competitors , what would it be ?
Get ready to have a blast , try to get your family and new sailors involved , whatever their age .
What about any sage counsel for returning race veterans ?
Get ready to have a blast .
Does the ILDR restrict multihulls or boats that use foils ? For example , could someone enter a foiling GC32 catamaran or a Gunboat G4 in the ILDR ? What about a monohull with a canting keel or a DSS-style foil ?
With regards to multihulls , as long as they meet our safety requirements , have a LOA of 24 feet or greater and have a current New England Multi-Hull Association handicap rating , they are eligible to enter the ILDR .
We have never had a request from a canting keel or foil-equipped boat . If we did , they would first need to fulfill the safety requirements as listed in the NOR , and then we would have to consider if it would be appropriate for them to sail as part of one of the existing classes ( PHRF or IRC ) , or if we should instead or set up a new class .
How are your entry numbers looking this year compared to previous editions of the ILDR ? Are you seeing growth or a sustainable plateau ?
More teams have signed up earlier , and we 're already at 40 boats so I think we 'll have some latecomers to get us to between 45 and 50 boats .
The race has earned a spot on everyone 's calendar and has reached a very sustainable plateau with a nice family of sponsors who return every year .
Has the event taken any steps to become a better environmental steward ? If so , can you tell me about these initiatives ?
We have reached Silver level with Sailors for the Sea , and we are working on reaching a higher level .
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/156264
New Delhi : With an aim to providing first-and-last-mile connectivity , railway public sector undertaking ( PSU ) Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation ( IRCTC ) on Monday announced a partnership with cab aggregator Ola , giving commuters an option book taxi on its app .
The tie-up , a six month pilot project , will give customers access to Ola booking services when they visit the IRCTC Rail Connect App and on its website , the IRCTC said in a statement .
The Ola cab facility will provide all the services offered such as Ola Micro , Ola Mini , Ola Auto , Ola Share etc . on the same price available directly on the IRCTC Rail Connect App and website . However , customers would not be entitled to any discount , people aware of the matter said .
Customers can choose to book cabs up to seven days in advance or upon reaching the railway station . In addition , the IRCTC outlets at railway stations or Ola 's self-serving kiosk will also enable commuters to book cabs .
The partnership will provide first-and-last-mile connectivity to commuters , an IRCTC spokesperson said . “ The ease of travel of our commuters is of prime importance to us and we believe that this association will help in delivering unparalleled convenience to the users on our platform , fostering and strengthening the culture of Digital India , ” the spokesperson said .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Hot on the heels of the Canon EOS M5 - the mirrorless camera that , finally , put Canon in contention with some of its competition - the Japanese company has announced the EOS M6 . It does away with the viewfinder ( leaving a hotshoe in place for an accessory one ) , while updating the body design .
As compact system cameras go the M6 has got a variety of top features on board : its 45-point Dual Pixel AF system means its sensor-level phase-detection pixels are fast to focus ; while the latest 24.2-megapixel CMOS sensor , which is APS-C sized and therefore beneficially bigger than many rivals , will deliver the same quality as the M5 .
The hotshoe means you could add the new EVF-DSC2 ( £219 ) optional viewfinder ( which is also compatible with other high-end Canon compacts such as the G1 X II ) or other optional accessories . If you 're super keen for a viewfinder , however , then the M5 is probably the more sensible purchase if you 're determined to buy Canon .
Other standout points on the M6 include the retro styling and a stacked control dial - which places the exposure compensation dial on top of the rear thumbwheel - both of which help give this Canon a look like no other M-series models . It 's rather Olympus-esque , if you ask us , albeit without quite the same degree of high-end materials - to us the dials just feel a bit lightweight .
The Canon EOS M6 will be available from April 2017 in black or silver finishes , priced £730 ( body-only ) . At that price , it 's got some interesting features and the Canon badge to lure in users , but with the likes of Panasonic offering the Lumix G80 for a similar sum , it 's also worth looking further afield in our view .
Romania 's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST , June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country 's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament , his spokeswoman said on Thursday .
© Scott McCullough
Winnipeggers were treated to a relatively rare sight in the inky sky early Thursday before sunrise.Bright spots , known as moon dogs , were visible on both sides of a halo that ringed the moon.The lunar halo and spots only happen when there are ice crystals in the air and the moon are bright enough - quarter moon or more - to shine light that can be refracted by the crystals , according to The Stargazer 's Guide to the Night Sky.The moon was full just one night earlier . In fact , it was a supermoon , which happens when the moon is full at the same time it is the closest distance in its orbit to Earth.Moon dogs are like sun dogs but rarer . Sun dogs simply need the crystals in the air.And on Thursday , when the sky brightened , making the moon 's glow dim , the sun dogs came out.Thursday 's phenomenon comes one day after another extremely uncommon occurrence - a super blood blue moon.It was the first alignment of a blue moon ( the second full moon in a calendar month ) , a total lunar eclipse and a supermoon since 1866 . The blood part of the name comes from the eclipse , known as a blood moon for its red tint.The next supermoon can be seen in February , the next blue moon is in March and the next total lunar eclipse is in July.But the combination wo n't happen again until 2037 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Three men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a car park .
Essex Police confirmed the body was found at St Mary 's car park in Balkerne Hill , Colchester , yesterday morning .
The men arrested , aged 47 , 45 and 32 and the 46-year-old woman remain in custody .
Officers are urging for people to come forward with any information after they launched a murder investigation yesterday .
The car park is closed but people can collect their vehicles , police say .
A spokeswoman for Essex Police told Mirror Online : `` Enquiries have been ongoing following the discovery of a man 's body at St Mary 's car park in Balkerne Hill , just before 9am yesterday .
`` Three men , aged 47 , 45 and 32 , and a 46-year-old woman , were arrested on suspicion of murder overnight . They remain in police custody .
`` St. Mary 's car park has been closed since the discovery and we understand how this has impacted upon people who will have left their cars there before we closed the car park .
`` The car park will remain closed for at least the next 24 to 48 hours to allow investigations at the scene to be carried out .
`` Officers were able to allow people with urgent requirements to access their cars from 6.30pm last night .
`` We appeal for those with vehicles still parked within the car park to attend to collect their vehicles , where they will be assisted by officers .
`` Motorists continue to be advised to make alternative arrangements to park at this time . Colchester Borough Council is able to give advice on parking within the town . ''
Police are continuing to appeal for anyone who may have information which they feel may be relevant to the investigation to contact the North Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting incident number 224 of April 23 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A group of daredevil youths made a hair-raising climb last night - to the top of one of Britain 's tallest rollercoasters .
The youngsters broke into Thorpe Park , in Surrey , and clambered 200 feet to the peak of Stealth , a white-knuckle ride that takes its passengers from 0-80mph in 1.9 seconds .
Police and firefighters were called to the theme park after it had been closed for the night , the Croydon Advertiser reports .
Emergency services attended the scene at around 10.15pm after the group reached the top of the UK 's second highest rollercoaster .
( Photo : Getty )
A Surrey Fire and Rescue Service spokesman said : `` A group of youths broke in and climbed to the top of the Stealth ride . By the time we got there they had rescued themselves .
`` The youths broke in nearly five hours after the theme park had closed yesterday
`` I think they saw the best of it and climbed down as it is crazy going that high . ''
It is likely that the firefighters from Leatherhead Fire Station would have had problems rescuing the group if they had n't climbed down of their own accord as although a spokesman confirmed they have the tallest emergency ladder in the country , it only goes to 42 metres .
Firefighters remained at the scene for 45 minutes until 11pm at the Chertsey-based theme park , which has been closing at 6pm throughout the Easter holidays .
Swiss-built Stealth , which opened in 2006 at a cost of £12 million , has the fastest acceleration of any rollercoaster in Britain , going from 0 to 80mph in 1.9 seconds while riders may experience up to 4.5G .
Surrey Police declined to give any further information .
Thorpe Park 's owner Merlin Entertainments has been asked for a comment .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Photo By Sgt . Kelly Gary | Brig . Gen. John Epperly , Deputy Commanding General for the 29th Infantry Division , ...... read more Photo By Sgt . Kelly Gary | Brig . Gen. John Epperly , Deputy Commanding General for the 29th Infantry Division , awards Spc . Kong , radio telephone operator for Charlie Company , 1st Battalion , 12th Cavalry Regiment , with his coin for his brief in Bahrain on March 26 , 2017 . Epperly congratulated Kong on his excellent delivery during a sand table briefing . Military coins are traditionally given by senior leaders in recognition for performance and excellence . ( U.S. Army photo by Sgt . Kelly Gary , 29th Infantry Division Public Affairs ) see less | View Image Page
Bahrain – Brig . Gen. John Epperly , 29th Infantry Division Deputy Commander , visited Soldiers from the 43rd Air Defense Artillery Regiment and the 12th Cavalry Regiment March 26 , 2017 , in Bahrain as part of an Operation Spartan Shield battlefield circulation . Soldiers from air defense and support elements briefed Epperly on their mission and their area of operations . Epperly presented Soldiers with coins of excellence for a job well done .
Military coins are traditionally given by senior leaders as recognition for performance and excellence .
Epperly received strategic capabilities overview briefings of Patriot missile systems that support Operation Spartan Shield in Bahrain . Soldiers used sand tables to aid in their demonstration of the site layout and capabilities of their respective areas . Soldiers expressed that it was encouraging to have division leadership coming to see their operating environment and learn about the work that they do .
“ It was a very eye-opening experience , ” said Billy Kong , radio telephone operator for Charlie Company , 1st Battalion , 12th Cavalry Regiment . “ A lower enlisted Soldier like me never gets the opportunity to brief someone like a general . I appreciated the chance to stand out and represent my company to a higher ranking officer . ''
Capt . Kellen Petersen , commander of Charlie Co. , expressed how much of an honor it was to host Epperly at Patriot Site Five , noting how important it is to provide leadership with the opportunity to see exactly what he and his Soldiers are doing in their area of operations .
“ I personally appreciated his down-to-earth approach speaking to us , ” said Petersen . “ His genuine interest in the challenges we face , and his trust that we are diligently working to maintain readiness and improve the site gives me confidence that should the need arise , General Epperly would gladly take action on our behalf . ”
AROUND 30 houses were razed by a fire at Purok 6 , Mabini Extension , Barangay 76-A Bucana , Davao City on Monday , April 17 .
In a span of 30 minutes , the fire , which broke out around 4 p.m. , immediately burned down the houses that were composed of light and combustible materials .
According to the initial investigation of the Bureau of Fire Protection ( BFP ) Bangoy Fire Station , the huge fire razed close to three dozen houses .
Investigation of the cause of fire is still ongoing and authorities could not yet disclose whether it was electrical-related .
The fire also caused heavy traffic leading to Mabini Extension .
Meanwhile , the Davao City Social Services and Development Office began conducting validation for affected residents and provided the victims with food packs and sleeping materials . They are temporarily evacuated in Barangay 31-D .
The BFP has not yet declared fire out as of Monday evening .
SunStar Davao tried to contact the BFP officials but they could not be reached .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are in a three-way tussle for Paris Saint-Germain full-back Layvin Kurzawa .
Spanish newspaper Sport , via talkSPORT , report that the Gunners have joined Barcelona and Chelsea in the race for the 24-year-old .
Left-back Kurzawa has only been used in 14 of PSG 's 25 games in Ligue 1 this season .
He remains under contract until 2020 but is reportedly set to be open to offers after failing to establish himself at the Parc des Princes .
Wenger hopeful it 's finally Arsenal 's year
( Photo : Getty Images )
Arsene Wenger insists his Arsenal side are in better shape than ever to end their Bayern Munich curse , writes John Cross in Munich .
This will be the fourth time in five seasons that the Gunners have faced the German giants in the Champions League — they have lost all three knockout ties , and were also 'beaten ' 5-3 on aggregate in group-phase play last season .
But boss Wenger claimed Bavaria will hold no fears for them as he insisted they will go out on the front foot in Wednesday 's last-16 first leg in the Allianz Arena .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Arsene Wenger and Laurent Koscielny speak ahead of Bayern Munich tie Share this video Watch Next
Wenger said at Tuesday 's pre-match press conference : “ I feel we have experience . We play against a Bayern side who , every year , [ always ] have the same task , which is to win the Champions League .
“ When you look at their record , they are always basically in the last four . So it is a massive challenge , but we are capable of dealing with it .
“ We have an advantage to play the second game at home . But we know every minute of tomorrow 's game will have a big influence on our chances at home to knock them out . ''
Ospina to start in Munich
( Photo : Arsenal FC/Getty Images )
Arsene Wenger has defended his decision to pick David Ospina - and insisted he deserves to keep his place in the Champions League , writes John Cross in Munich .
Wenger confirmed our exclusive that Ospina will again start ahead of No1 keeper Petr Cech — the only European Cup winner in Arsenal 's squad — in their biggest game of the season here in Germany on Wednesday night .
And he claimed his Gunners would not still be in the competition if it had not been for the Colombia international , who also started all six group matches and both FA Cup ties so far this season .
Before the last-16 first leg against hosts Bayern Munich , boss Wenger said : “ It will be Ospina , because of the quality of his performances .
`` We finished top of the group . If you analyse well his performances in every single game , we are where we are basically down to his great performances . ”
Perez ruled out of Bavaria clash
( Photo : Getty )
Lucas Perez has been ruled out of Arsenal 's Champions League clash with Bayern Munich , writes Mirror Football 's Liam Prenderville .
The Spaniard missed training on Tuesday due to a hamstring problem and did n't travel with the rest of the Gunners squad .
He made a brief cameo in the win over Hull but will play no part in Munich .
Aaron Ramsey remains out with a calf injury while Santi Cazorla is still sidelined .
Granit Xhaka is back in the frame for the visitors though after a domestic suspension .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. -- A human typically gives birth after nine months . An ostrich hatchling emerges from its egg after 42 days . But how long did it take for a baby dinosaur to incubate ?
Groundbreaking research led by a Florida State University professor establishes a timeline of anywhere from three to six months depending on the dinosaur .
In an article in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , FSU Professor of Biological Science Gregory Erickson and a team of researchers breaks down the complicated biology of these prehistoric creatures and explain how embryonic dental records solved the mystery of how long dinosaurs incubated their eggs .
`` Some of the greatest riddles about dinosaurs pertain to their embryology -- virtually nothing is known , '' Erickson said . `` Did their eggs incubate slowly like their reptilian cousins -- crocodilians and lizards ? Or rapidly like living dinosaurs -- the birds ? ''
Scientists had long theorized that dinosaur incubation duration was similar to birds , whose eggs hatch in periods ranging from 11-85 days . Comparable-sized reptilian eggs typically take twice as long -- weeks to many months .
Because the eggs of dinosaurs were so large -- some were about 4 kilograms or the size of a volleyball -- scientists believed they must have experienced rapid incubation with birds inheriting that characteristic from their dinosaur ancestors .
Erickson , FSU graduate student David Kay and colleagues from University of Calgary and the American Museum of Natural History decided to put these theories to the test .
To do that , they accessed some rare fossils -- those of dinosaur embryos .
`` Time within the egg is a crucial part of development , but this earliest growth stage is poorly known because dinosaur embryos are rare , '' said co-author Darla Zelenitsky , assistant professor of geoscience at University of Calgary . `` Embryos can potentially tell us how dinosaurs developed and grew very early on in life and if they are more similar to birds or reptiles in these respects . ''
The two types of dinosaur embryos researchers examined were those from Protoceratops -- a sheep-sized dinosaur found in the Mongolian Gobi Desert whose eggs were quite small ( 194 grams ) -- and Hypacrosaurus , an enormous duck-billed dinosaur found in Alberta , Canada with eggs weighing more than 4 kilograms .
Erickson and his team ran the embryonic jaws through a CT scanner to visualize the forming dentition . Then , they extracted several of the teeth to further examine them under sophisticated microscopes .
Researchers found what they were looking for on those microscope slides . Growth lines on the teeth showed researchers precisely how long the dinosaurs had been growing in the eggs .
`` These are the lines that are laid down when any animal 's teeth develops , '' Erickson said . `` They 're kind of like tree rings , but they 're put down daily . We could literally count them to see how long each dinosaur had been developing . ''
Their results showed nearly three months for the tiny Protoceratops embryos and six months for those from the giant Hypacrosaurus .
`` Dinosaur embryos are some of the best fossils in the world , '' said Mark Norell , Macaulay Curator for the American Museum of Natural History and a co-author on the study . `` Here , we used spectacular fossils specimens collected by American Museum expeditions to the Gobi Desert , coupled them with new technology and new ideas , leading us to discover something truly novel about dinosaurs . ''
The implications of long dinosaur incubation are considerable .
In addition to finding that dinosaur incubation was similar to primitive reptiles , the researchers could infer many aspects of dinosaurian biology from the results .
Prolonged incubation put eggs and their parents at risk from predators , starvation and other environmental risk factors . And theories that some dinosaurs nested in the more temperate lower latitude of Canada and then traveled to the Arctic during the summer now seem unlikely given the time frame for hatching and migration .
The biggest ramification from the study , however , relates to the extinction of dinosaurs . Given that these warm-blooded creatures required considerable resources to reach adult size , took more than a year to mature and had slow incubation times , they would have been at a distinct disadvantage compared to other animals that survived the extinction event .
`` We suspect our findings have implications for understanding why dinosaurs went extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period , whereas amphibians , birds , mammals and other reptiles made it through and prospered , '' Erickson said .
# # #
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have joined the race to sign Sevilla midfielder Steven N'Zonzi .
That is according to the Daily Express , who say the Gunners will battle Chelsea and Manchester City for the former Blackburn man 's signature , with Serie A side Juventus also interested .
Arsene Wenger is keen to strengthen his squad after seeing Arsenal 's title challenge falter in recent weeks , despite a 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on New Year 's Day .
N'Zonzi scored 11 Premier League goals across spells with Rovers and Stoke between 2009 and 2015 .
Wenger : Giroud 's goal in my top 5
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Arsene Wenger has his say on Olivier Giroud 's goal Share this video Watch Next
Arsene Wenger described Olivier Giroud 's wonder-goal as a work of art and one of the top five goals of his 20-year Arsenal reign .
Striker Giroud scored with a stunning overhead scorpion-style back flick as the Gunners got themselves back up to third in the table by beating Crystal Palace , 2-0 , writes Mirror Football 's John Cross .
Manager Wenger said : “ Olivier had that kind of reflex and he transformed that goal , I would say , into art . It was art because of the surprise , because of the beauty of the movement and because of the efficiency of the movement .
“ The ball went in , so you have it all .
`` That will be remembered as the Giroud goal that nobody will forget . ''
`` Giroud got lucky , '' says Souness
( Photo : Stuart MacFarlane )
Olivier Giroud 's wonder strike against Crystal Palace may have already seen his name etched on goal of the year honours , but Graeme Souness decided he was the man to put it in perspective .
Speaking on Sky Sports , Souness was no less impressed than the rest of us but said Giroud had a `` large slice of luck '' when he used the heel of his left boot to put Arsenal 1-0 up , writes Mirror Football 's Mick Gadd .
`` He accepts it was luck , it could 've gone anywhere , '' Souness said after Giroud 's modest post-match interview .
`` He 's looking because the ball 's behind him to get any sort of contact and fortunately for him and Arsenal , it 's ended up in the back of the net . Enjoy the moment Olivier , you improvised , showed great athleticism but there was a large slice of luck . ''
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United arrived at the London Stadium amid a heavy security presence prior to their fixture against West Ham .
The Red Devils ' team bus was pelted by missiles ahead of last season 's corresponding fixture - the last at the Hammers ' former stadium , Upton Park .
United were unwilling to take any chances this year as they turned up for Monday 's match flanked by a cavalcade of police cars .
Last season 's game , which took place in May , was delayed by 45 minutes after the United coach came under attack by hooligans outside the Boleyn Ground .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Kick-off was scheduled for 7.45pm but the match , which West Ham won 3-2 , ended up getting underway at 8.30pm .
West Ham 's move to the London Stadium in the summer was marred by fan trouble at the start of the season , but the majority of the problems have been ironed out in recent weeks and months .
( Photo : Catherine Ivill - AMA/Getty Images )
Court blocks first of 8 planned Arkansas executions
The Arkansas State Supreme Court blocked two executions late Monday that would have been the first carried out in the state in 12 years . The state challenged the decision in the case of convicted murderer Don Davis , who had already been served what was to be his last meal , but the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review the case early Tuesday . Gov . Asa Hutchinson said he was `` disappointed in this delay for the victim 's family . '' The court also stayed the scheduled execution of Bruce Ward , who was also convicted of murder . The halted executions were the first among eight that the state had planned to carry out this month before its supply of a key lethal injection drug expires . One other prisoner had already received a stay . State officials acknowledged they were unlikely to reschedule the two newly blocked executions before the drug expires , but said they would push ahead with the five remaining cases , which were not affected by the State Supreme Court ruling .
Navigating The 'Aisle Of Confusion ' To Whiten Your Teeth
Enlarge this image toggle caption Katherine Streeter for NPR Katherine Streeter for NPR
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you 'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products , from gels and strips to paint-on bleach .
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $ 3.2 billion global industry , according to market analysts , and it 's getting bigger fast . It 's easy to see why . Strikingly white , bright smiles dominate TV and social media , and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age .
But if you decide that you , too , want a brighter smile , it 's hard to know where to start .
`` I 'm a dentist , but I 'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products , '' says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont , Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the `` dental aisle of confusion , '' because there are so many options . `` You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best , '' she says .
The dilemma is n't helped by regulators . Tooth whitening products do n't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market , because the agency considers them `` cosmetic , '' a designation that 's much more lightly regulated than drugs . And , the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe .
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance . `` The seal is rooted in science , '' says chemist Jamie Spomer , director of the ADA 's seal of acceptance program ; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal , an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company 's data and sometimes performs studies of their own .
The seal is a `` symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness , '' Spomer says . Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal . So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips .
Even so , Sahota says many over-the-counter products that do n't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed . Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process , but that goes away once the process is complete , she says . Depending on which product is used , bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks .
And , if you 're not careful , Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums , causing inflammation and `` extra sensitivity '' to pressure , temperature and touch .
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist , Sahota says . Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter , a dentist makes the tray `` just for you '' she says .
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied . The kits cost about $ 400 ; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks , depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with . Generally , the trays are worn for one or two hours a day .
If you want an even faster route , you 'll have to pay more . Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $ 1,000 , but results are quick and more dramatic . Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide ( up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide , compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists ) .
So the whole process in the dentist 's office can take just an hour or two to complete . And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher , the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products .
An important caveat : Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening `` cosmetic '' so the procedures are almost never covered .
Nonetheless , more Americans are opting for in-office whitening . In 2015 , in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before , according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey . And there 's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate .
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching , says Ada Cooper , a New York City dentist .
`` Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems , '' she says . `` It 's more important to maintain healthy teeth . ''
It 's also important to note that not all stains are the same . Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee , tea and red wine , as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric . The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits . Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing , flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist 's office .
Unfortunately , there are deeper stains you just ca n't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink . These come with aging and years of chewing , which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth . These cracks can fill up with stain . On top of that , the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible . Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel . Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter .
There are some discolorations that just ca n't be bleached away . Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside , and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent . In these cases , the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer .
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter , take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary , requiring touch-ups at some point . As for homespun remedies promoted online , in social media and in magazines as being `` natural whitening '' agents ( including charcoal , baking soda or lemon juice ) , the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work .
NORFOLK , Va. ( AP ) — Police in Norfolk are investigating a double shooting that left one man dead and another man seriously wounded .
Just before 2 a.m. Sunday , police received a report about a man being shot . When officers arrived , they found a man inside a vehicle suffering from apparent gunshot wounds . He was taken to Sentara Norfolk General Hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
Police found another man inside a residence suffering from a gunshot wound . He was taken to the hospital with what appears to be a serious , but non-life threatening injury .
Police said they believe the two shootings are related . The identities of the men were not immediately released .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new spate of scam text messages are being sent out to Brits in the hope of tricking them out of their hard-earned cash .
The most widespread appears to come from a scammer pretending to by Lloyds Bank . Others have purported to be from HMRC .
Like many so-called `` phishing '' attacks , both these scam texts attempt to lure the victim into clicking on a link - either to change details or confirm identity or perform some other action .
The scam appears to come from a sender with the name `` lloydsbank '' and has even been sent to people who do n't have an account with Lloyds .
It reads : `` You account has had unusual login activity . Please login via the secure link to avoid account closure '' .
Many people have realised the text is a fake and reported it to Lloyds as well as publishing it on Twitter to make others aware .
Even though text messages like this may look genuine , they 're not . Banks and government agencies will never get in touch with customers and ask them for details with a text message . If you 're ever in any doubt , it 's always best to check with your bank - something that can sometimes be done quickly over social media .
Financial Fraud Action UK ( FFA UK ) , which fights fraud in the payments industry , says people should remember that their bank will never phone them to ask for their four-digit card PIN or their online banking password , even by tapping them into the telephone keypad .
Banks will not ask people to update their personal details by following a link in a text message or ask them to transfer money to a new account for fraud reasons , even if they say it is in the consumer 's name .
Katy Worobec , director of FFA UK , said : `` These text messages can look very authentic , so it 's important to be alert . Always be wary if you receive a message out of the blue asking you for any personal or financial details .
`` If you 're ever at all suspicious , call your bank on a number that you know . Remember , fraudsters are after your security details - do n't reveal anything unless you are absolutely sure who you are dealing with . ''
In fact , Lloyds Bank has set up a dedicated website to deal with the issue , which can be found here .
Read 'The Cabin At The End Of The World ' And You Wo n't Sleep For A Week
The worst kind of horror plays for shock — for extremes of blood and gore and screaming nonsense . It is instantly recognizable for existing in a universe too far gone from our own to truly haunt anyone still tethered to the everyday .
The best kind of horror is soft . Quiet . Almost gentle in its handling of fear . It is rooted firmly in the real . It could happen tomorrow , to any of us .
The Handmaid 's Tale is good horror . Rosemary 's Baby , a kind of half-and-half mix ( very real pregnancy body horror with a little Faust thrown in ) . Stephen King 's Christine ? That 's like Knight Rider with more murder and an evil goatee . Fun , sure , but it wo n't keep you up at night unless you already possess an unnatural fear of your Tercel .
Read Paul Tremblay 's new novel , The Cabin at the End of the World and you might not sleep for a week . Longer . It will shape your nightmares for months – that 's pretty much guaranteed . That 's what it 's built for . And there 's a very , very good chance you 'll never get it out of your head again .
I want to tell you everything about it . I want to detail every switchback and psychological reverse that happens , deconstruct how Tremblay layers in these genius feints of paranoia and disbelief , explain how he builds to these perfect trigger points where everything explodes into blood and violence , then settles , then starts again .
I want to , but I ca n't . It would ruin it . There is a meticulousness to The Cabin that depends entirely on the slow reveal ; on the tension of misunderstanding and inherent bias . I wreck that , they take away my library card . Strip me of the ascot and monocle that come with being a Big Time Book Critic .
But okay , I can say a few things . I can give you exactly what I knew going in — nothing that does n't exist in the first few pages of The Cabin and , idiosyncratically , nothing that does n't persist through the entire reach of the book .
It begins with Wen , adopted daughter of Daddy Andrew and Daddy Eric , a gay couple who have rented a vacation cabin on a lake deep in New Hampshire . There are no neighbors , no cell reception . It is cut off as much as any place can be in this modern world . Andrew and Eric are a lovely couple — worried about bears , about Wen wandering off and getting lost in the woods or not wearing enough sunscreen . Normal , rational , reasonable worries .
And then one day , Leonard comes wandering into the yard . A mountain of a man — huge , polite , gentle , dressed in jeans and a white shirt . He helps Wen catch grasshoppers , then says that he needs to talk to her parents about something very important . He needs to do it right now . And so do his friends .
His friends are Redmond , Sabrina and Adriane . They arrive together , walking up to the house in the same style outfit — jeans , button-down shirts of varying colors — and carrying weapons . Horrible , hammered-together , medieval-style weapons made of garden tools and long poles . They force their way into the house , tie up Eric and Andrew , apologize for the mess and for frightening everyone , then lay out their simple proposal : The world is coming to an end . They 've all seen it . And only a terrible sacrifice made by Andrew , Eric and Wen can stop it .
I wish I could sit down with you over a couple beers and talk about 'The Cabin . ' Maybe it would let me sleep better .
Everything that follows after is that set-up drawn out to torturous , logical , horrifying extremes . Leonard and his friends try to convince Wen and her fathers that there 's a clock ticking and if they do n't choose to help , everyone dies . Andrew and Eric try to talk the invaders down from their apocalyptic beliefs — from the visions of fire and flood that are haunting all four of them ; that drove them to find this remote cabin and the people in it .
In another life , Leonard might be Richard Dreyfus in Close Encounters of the Third Kind . Know what made Dreyfus 's Roy Neary a hero and not a villain ? Being right . And that is the same game Tremblay is playing here : He does n't weigh in on the truths of either side . Are Leonard and his friends just crazies who all found each other on some online forum and fed into the others ' delusions ?
Or are they ... you know ... right ?
That 's on you to decide . And you will , ten times , five different ways . But that 's all I 'm going to say . Much as it pains me , we got ta be done here . Everything else , you have to just see for yourself even though , really , I wish I could sit down with you over a couple beers and talk about The Cabin . Maybe it would let me sleep better . Because to discuss something like this is to defuse it a little . It takes a bit of the edge off when a collective gathers to say , No , it 's okay . No one is out there imagining the Last Days on the internet . No one is assembling weapons in their basement and folding their best white shirts . These things do n't happen in the real world . Really , it was just a book .
Because it is , right ?
Right ?
Jason Sheehan knows stuff about food , video games , books and Starblazers . He is currently the restaurant critic at Philadelphia magazine , but when no one is looking , he spends his time writing books about giant robots and ray guns . Tales From the Radiation Age is his latest book .
It was supposed to be a relaxing weekend getaway .
But instead Mary Forbes was running barefoot down the Las Vegas Strip Sunday night , praying she and her husband would make it home alive .
“ I just kept thinking I hope only one of us dies so our kids are n't orphans , ” Forbes , 46 , of East Northport , said Friday .
The Forbeses were at the Route 91 Harvest Festival when Stephen Paddock went on a shooting rampage , killing 58 people and wounding more than 500 .
They returned home Tuesday uninjured but dazed and tense after surviving the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history .
They said they believe they survived thanks in part to good Samaritans who helped them find safety and concertgoers who banded together .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ To the people who helped us , I would say thank you , there really are no words , ” she said . “ We were fortunate fate or God or the universe put those people in our path when they did . ”
The Forbeses are big country music fans but had never attended a country music festival together .
David Forbes , 51 , picked the Route 91 festival so they could see Jason Aldean , one of his wife 's favorite artists . He also picked it because of the location — they spent their honeymoon in Las Vegas nearly 20 years ago , and this would be their first trip alone together since then .
Festival security was tight but the atmosphere was warm , Mary Forbes said . A number of people brought their children in tiny cowboy hats and boots and attendees made friendly small talk with one another , building a kind of camaraderie , she said .
Just as Aldean 's set was beginning Sunday night , the couple stopped to grab fresh beers before they planned to make their way to the stage . They talked to another concertgoer as they waited .
“ We were going to go up to the stage , but had n't gotten there yet , ” David Forbes said .
As they chatted , they heard what so many of those at the concert thought were fireworks . Excitement quickly turned into fear as they and the woman next to them realized the popping sounds were bullets .
The Forbeses said they ran with the crowd fleeing the stage area , but realized in the chaos that they could n't find the venue exit .
A festival employee pulled them inside a metal shipping container full of supplies and they in turn pulled other festival goers inside before hearing the disturbing ping of bullets bouncing off the container .
David and Mary Forbes , who escapted the Las Vegas festival shooting uninjured , discussed their experience Oct. 6 , 2017 , at the East Northport Library . Photo Credit : Jessica Rotkiewicz David and Mary Forbes , who escapted the Las Vegas festival shooting uninjured , discussed their experience Oct. 6 , 2017 , at the East Northport Library . Photo Credit : Jessica Rotkiewicz
“ It sounded like he was right there , ” David said .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
After about 10 minutes , they fled the container and time became “ a blur. ” They escaped through a hole in the venue 's fence and ran for what felt like miles .
Mary Forbes ran barefoot after losing her flip-flops and David Forbes carried an older woman who could n't run as fast . They climbed over benches , retaining walls and hotel landscaping , trying to find an open door until they got to the service entrance of Hooters Casino Hotel , about a mile north of the festival grounds .
“ They did n't seem like they even knew , everyone was still partying in the casino , ” Mary Forbes said .
She and her husband got into an elevator to seek a secure hiding place . On the 19th floor , a Canadian couple who had heard the news let them and a handful of other concertgoers into their room and the group spent the night watching TV . They shared beers and swapped escape stories as they waited to hear it was safe to leave .
In the morning , the Las Vegas Strip was quiet . David Forbes said they walked back to their hotel , the Luxor , at about 7 a.m. and for several hours , the quiet was jarring .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ Not one slot machine was running , ” he said . “ People were just milling around in the lobby smoking cigarettes . ”
They originally planned to see the sights on Monday and pick up souvenirs for their three children , but visits to the cheery M & Ms store and the other casinos felt strange . They flew home Monday night .
Mary Forbes , who is still wearing the festival bands wrapped around her wrist , said they are trying to stay positive . She does n't want to let fear change her or keep her from doing the things she loves , like going to concerts . She pushed herself to go to a B-52s show at The Paramount in Huntington on Thursday night .
“ You hear things happen and you think is this going to be the day ? The day the mall , or my kids at school , are on lockdown ? ” she said .
But she remembers the good times from the weekend too .
“ We met so many nice people and that was such a great experience , ” she said . “ I would hate for that to go away because people are afraid . ”
EL RENO , Okla. ( AP ) - A crop-dusting airplane clipped a support wire to a radio transmitting tower and crashed in central Oklahoma , killing the pilot .
Trooper Matt Conway of the Oklahoma Highway Patrol says the single-engine small plane crashed and burned about 5 p.m. Wednesday about 24 miles ( 39 kilometers ) northwest of Oklahoma City . Conway says the aircraft was making a turn while spreading weed killer on a field when it clipped the wire and crashed . With its support wire snapped , the 1,000-foot FM transmitting tower toppled .
No identity has been released .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
CLOSE The Delaware Legislature is expected to consider several controversial bills before it 's 149th session is complete on June 30 . Wochit
Buy Photo Co-chair , Sen. Harris B. McDowell III ( D ) of the Joint Finance Committee listens to hearings Wednesday morning at Legislative Hall in Dover . ( Photo : JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
Retired state employees could see a $ 400 bonus in their pension checks later this year .
The Joint Finance Committee on Wednesday voted to include the one-time expense — valued at nearly $ 11 million — in the final budget proposal it will recommend to the General Assembly next month .
The bonuses are part of $ 73 million in new spending the panel has proposed beyond what Gov . John Carney had recommended in January . That amounts to roughly two-thirds of the $ 180 million in additional revenue added to the state 's bottom line since the start of the year .
`` I think it 's wonderful news , '' said Germaine Hurst , a retired Mount Pleasant High School nurse .
`` For a lot of us former state workers , our pension is our main source of income but it never goes up like the cost of our medication , food and gasoline , '' she said . `` This is n't a long-term increase but I think it will help . ''
The bonuses would represent one of the first income increases approved for the 27,000 people who earn a state pension since 2015 when the General Assembly granted them a 1-percent , cost-of-living increase .
Yet officials with some state employee unions said they were hoping to see something more permanent .
“ While we are appreciative of the funding increase for our pensioners , we have concerns that the increase for those on fixed incomes will not continue beyond Fiscal Year 2019 without further action from the General Assembly , '' said Mike Matthews , president of the Delaware State Educators Association .
State retirees have been `` left in the lurch '' for quite some time , said Mike Begatto , executive director of the Delaware chapter of the American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees .
`` I think they were certainly seeking something longer term , '' he said . `` But hopefully these bonuses will help them pay some bills . ''
The retiree bonuses approved by the JFC this week are in addition to the $ 500 bonuses the panel approved last week for current state workers — at a cost of $ 23 million .
Buy Photo The Delaware Joint Finance Committee meets in 2015 . ( Photo : JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
Both bonus packages also are in addition to the 2-percent raises for public school educators and $ 1,000 pay hikes for other state workers included in Carney 's spending plan .
`` In 2009 when we were in a recession , the first area we went for relief was a salary reduction for state employees and I do n't think they ever recovered , '' said JFC member Rep. J.J. Johnson , D-New Castle . `` Currently , the state is at a 4-percent unemployment rate , which means you have to provide a decent salary to get employees . ''
Not all state workers are getting what they hoped for , however .
Carney 's spending plan proposed funding nearly $ 15 million worth of pay raises for the state 's roughly 1,280 correctional officers .
But the Correctional Officers Association of Delaware had been hoping the JFC would allocate additional funding to increase their pension , particularly beyond 25 years of service .
The enhanced benefits would have encouraged roughly 300 officers currently eligible for retirement to stay on the job longer and helped to attract new workers , according to COAD President Geoffrey Klopp .
Buy Photo Geoffrey Klopp , president of the Correctional Officers Association of Delaware , listens during a public hearing held by Sen. Robert Marshall , chair of the Delaware Senate Labor Committee , for current and former Delaware Department of Correction employees to discuss work conditions in prisons . ( Photo : Jason Minto/The News Journal )
`` We 're extremely disappointed , '' he said after JFC concluded its hearings without voting on the requested retirement package . `` This is not going to do anything to help staffing and will cause people to have to work more , creating an unsafe working environment ... It just increases the chances of something catastrophic happening . ''
The JFC proposed a slew of other funding proposals on Wednesday totaling $ 23.5 million , according to a tally kept by state officials . Most were relatively small compared to the panel 's overall $ 4.32 billion spending plans — an increase of 5.2 percent over the current fiscal year .
The panel this week agreed to include $ 4.1 million for school bus contractors to provide raises for their drivers .
It also agreed to allocate $ 2 million from the Tobacco Settlement Fund to restore a prescription drug assistance program that was completely gutted last year and another $ 400,000 in restored funding for the Delaware Breast Cancer Coalition 's mammography van .
That spending comes after the JFC earmarked $ 92.5 million beyond the governor 's recommended budget last week , including :
$ 46 million that will be carried forward a year to help the state cover costs in fiscal year 2020
$ 6.4 million for special education in grades K-3 and reading specialists in grades K-4
$ 4.7 million to improve services for nearly 5,000 adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities .
Another $ 61 million in projected revenue remained unspent as of Wednesday .
Some of that money will go to nonprofits as part of the annual grant-in-aid allocation , while the rest could be used cover one-time capital expenses or numerous other spending proposals now pending before the General Assembly – decisions that will be made in the waning days of the legislative session .
`` We covered a lot of need , '' said JFC co-chair Sen. Harris McDowell , D-Wilmington , said of the spending plan crafted by the panel . `` Not everything everybody thought they wanted , but a lot of need . ''
Noteworthy Stories :
Two shot in Wilmington 's Hilltop neighborhood , police investigating
Friending undercover cop on Facebook does not violate guarantee against illegal searches
Hartly victims in suspected murder-suicide identified
Contact reporter Scott Goss at ( 302 ) 324-2281 , sgoss @ delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ ScottGossDel .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/politics/2018/05/30/400-retiree-bonus-added-lawmakers-spending-plan/657311002/
New Delhi : Listing the achievements of the NDA government in curbing black money , including demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that authorities had confiscated black money worth over Rs 1 lakh crore and around Rs 3 lakh crore had been brought into the banking system .
`` In the last three years , more than Rs 1,25,000 crore of black money has been caught ... the culprits have been forced to surrender this money , '' Modi said in his speech here on the occasion of Independence Day .
`` Moreover , the demonetisation drive has achieved much success .. it has brought out black money , '' he said .
The Prime Minister said the demonetisation of high-value currency in November had returned a lot of black money into the formal economy .
`` Research has established that after the note ban measure , more than Rs 3 lakh crore , which was outside the banking system , has come into the formal economy , '' Modi said .
`` Scrutiny of money deposited in banks after demonetisation has revealed Rs 1,75,000 crore of suspicious money . Besides , Rs 2 lakh crore deposits have been forced to provide explanation for the money , '' he said .
Modi also said that demonetisation had increased the income tax base of the country .
`` Till the 5th of August this year , 56 lakh people had filed income tax returns ( ITRs ) , as compared to 22 lakh last year .. the number has more than doubled , '' he said .
He said the in the period following the note ban 18 lakh assessees had been identified with assets disproportionate to their known sources of income .
`` Of these , 4.5 lakh have owned up to tax misdemeanours and are trying to regularise their affairs by paying penal tax . Around 1.1 lakh people had no notion of income tax earlier , '' the Prime Minister said.​
At Newberry , Amir Abrams ran for five touchdowns and went past the 5,000-yard mark in his career in Newberry 's 49-21 win against Broome on Friday .
Abrams finished with 221 yards on 27 carries and has 5,156 yards for his career . The 49 points were the second most scored by the Bulldogs in their 22-game series against Broome .
Dutch Fork 29 , Lexington 7
Bryce Thompson ran for 188 yards and four touchdowns as the Silver Foxes won their 13th consecutive region game .
Thompson has 13 touchdowns over his past three games .
White Knoll 14 , River Bluff 10
Albert Hope 's touchdown with 6:09 left gave the Timberwolves their first region win .
White Knoll trailed 10-0 in the third quarter , but Aveon Smith hit Keon Clary on a 71-yard TD pass to get the Wolves within 10-7 . Clary finished with six catches for 89 yards , and Smith was 10-of-15 passing for 144 .
Antonio Gantt led River Bluff with 149 yards rushing .
Chapin 43 , A.C. Flora 0
Roger Pedroni threw three first-half touchdowns in the Eagles ' shutout victory .
Xzavion Gordon caught two of the TD passes , and Case Barber also had a 69-yard TD grab .
York 59 , Ridge View 26
York used a big first half on its way to winning its sixth consecutive game .
The Cougars led 35-6 at halftime . York 's Ladarius Allison had 70 yards receiving , a 32-yard interception return for a touchdown and a 91-yard kickoff return TD .
Bernard Porter had seven catches for 108 yards and two scores for the Blazers , who lost their second game in a row .
Chester 48 , Columbia 28
Chester quarterback John Erby scored six touchdowns ( four rushing , two passing ) and provided 206 passing yards and 111 yards on the ground – his second consecutive 100-yard rushing game .
Thomas Erby ran for 96 yards and had two touchdowns for the Capitals .
Dreher 22 , Lower Richland 13
Jay Washington ran for three touchdowns to lead Dreher to a region victory .
Tyler Singleton and Keyshawn Capers had TD runs for the Diamond Hornets .
Lugoff-Elgin 34 , Crestwood 16
RJ Brown ran for 129 yards , and Tyler Dixon added 92 in the Demons ' victory .
L-E forced four turnovers , and Tyrik Richardson and Talik Hodge each had two sacks .
Cardinal Newman 30 , Heathwood Hall 0
Quarterback TJ Wise had three touchdown passes , two to Patrick Reedy , to lead Cardinal Newman .
Zenas Murphy added a TD run for the Cardinals .
Saluda 17 , Gray Collegiate 14
Noah Bell rushed for 84 yards and two touchdowns for Saluda .
Gray Collegiate quarterback Hunter Helms had 199 yards passing and two TDs , both to Chylon Thomas .
Josh Doctor led the War Eagles with seven catches for 100 yards .
Ben Lippen 34 , Orangeburg Prep 7
Temple commits Trad Beatty and Kyle Wright combined for all of the scoring for the Falcons .
Beatty threw for two TDs and also ran for one , while Wright rushed for a pair of scores .
Pelion 29 , Edisto 27 ( OT )
Jeremiah Green rushed for 275 yards and scored the game-winning TD in the overtime win .
Dayrun Keith added 143 yards on the ground and two scores . Keith 's also scored on a two-point conversion to give the Panthers a 29-21 lead . Edisto scored in overtime but Pelion stopped them on two-point conversion .
Clinton 28 , Mid-Carolina 26
Jishon Payne came up with the big tackle on Mid-Carolina 's two-point conversion with 1:24 to seal the win .
It was Mid-Carolina 's 19th consecutive loss . Four of the Rebels ' losses this season are by seven points or fewer .
Jalen Bates ran for two touchdowns , and Cade Ruff was 11-of-19 for 160 yards and a TD for M-C .
Kris Holmes ran for 136 yards and four TDs for Clinton .
South Pointe 48 , Westwood 7
Joe Ervin ran for two TDs , and quarterback Derion Kendrick threw for a TD and ran for one in top-ranked South Pointe 's victory .
Maurice Whitlock added a TD run and Josh McClure returned a fumble for a score .
Barnwell 44 , Batesburg-Leesville 41
Second-ranked Barnwell rallied from a 34-13 second-quarter deficit to defeat the Panthers .
Mykal Lee ran for 196 yards and his 52-yard run put the Warhorses up 37-34 with 23 seconds left in the third quarter .
Barnwell led 44-34 in the fourth but Keshoun Williams ' 5-yard run cut it to 44-41 . The Warhorses recovered the onside kick to seal it .
B-L quarterback Bishop Cannon was 18 of 25 for 284 yards with two touchdowns . Running back Tay Wilson had a career-high 175 yards , and receiver Pat Burgess caught five passes for 111 yards .
Lancaster 34 , Richland Northeast 20
Lancaster turned three RNE second-half turnovers into two touchdowns to earn the region victory .
Lancaster QB Kemarkio Cloud threw for 158 yards , two touchdowns and also ran for one .
Jaquain Hills caught two TD passes for RNE .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — U.S. manufacturers cranked out more steel , machinery and electronics last month as factories appear to be rebounding after two years of stagnation .
Factory output rose 0.2 percent in January , its second straight increase , the Federal Reserve said Wednesday . While modest , the gain is equal to the industry 's growth in all of 2016 .
Manufacturers are benefiting from increased spending by businesses on industrial machinery and other equipment . Oil and gas drillers are building new rigs now that energy prices have stabilized after falling sharply two years ago . Cutbacks by drillers had caused orders for steel pipe and other drilling equipment to plummet . And weak overseas economies in Europe and China also cut into exports .
Yet those trends have largely reversed . Mining production rose 2.8 percent last month , pushed higher by a solid gain in oil and gas drilling .
Advertisement
Utility production fell 5.7 percent last month , as unseasonably warm weather reduced demand for heating . A broader measure of industrial production , which includes manufacturing , mining and utilities , dropped 0.3 percent .
Other measures of manufacturing output show steady improvement . Factories expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years last month , according to a private survey of purchasing managers . That survey also found that factories are hiring more .
And a separate gauge of new orders for U.S. factory goods rose in December at a solid pace , lifted by greater business spending on big-ticket items such as machinery and computers .
A strong dollar has weighed on exports because it makes U.S. goods more expensive overseas , though manufacturers appear to be adjusting to the currency 's strength .
