The Kings ' Adrian Kempe ( 9 ) controls the puck in front of Minnesota Wild 's Joel Eriksson Ek ( 14 ) in the first period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Zach Parise ( 11 ) and the Kings ' Derek Forbort ( 24 ) fall while going after the puck in the first period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Eric Staal ( 12 ) looks to teammate Charlie Coyle ( 3 ) in celebration after scoring the team 's second goal against the Los Angeles Kings in the second period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Ryan Murphy ( 6 ) keeps his eyes on an airborne puck against Los Angeles Kings ' Tanner Pearson ( 70 ) in the second period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Matt Dumba ( 24 ) controls the puck in front of Los Angeles Kings ' Tobias Rieder ( 10 ) in the first period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
The Kings ' Anze Kopitar , left , battles with the Minnesota Wild 's Mikko Koivu during the first period of Monday 's game in St. Paul , Minn . The Kings won in overtime . ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Los Angeles Kings ' Dustin Brown ( 23 ) looks to his teammates Drew Doughty ( 8 ) and Anze Kopitar ( 11 ) after scoring the goal to tie the game in the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Minnesota Wild , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn . The Kings won 4-3 in overtime . ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Charlie Coyle ( 3 ) controls the puck in front of Los Angeles Kings ' Jeff Carter ( 77 ) in the third period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn . The Kings won 4-3 in overtime . ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Minnesota Wild 's Mikael Granlund ( 64 ) looks toward the puck after losing possession of it against Los Angeles Kings ' Dustin Brown ( 23 ) in the third period of an NHL hockey game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn . The Kings won 4-3 in overtime . ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Los Angeles Kings ' Jake Muzzin ( 6 ) , Adrian Kempe , left , and Jeff Carter , center , celebrate Carter 's winning goal in overtime in an NHL hockey game against the Minnesota Wild , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
Team USA 's Olympic gold medal-winning curling team , including , from left to right , John Landsteiner , Tyler George , Matt Hamilton , Phil Drobnick , John Shuster and Joe Polo , wave to the fans before dropping the ceremonial puck prior to an NHL hockey game between the Minnesota Wild and the Los Angeles Kings , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in St. Paul , Minn. ( AP Photo/Stacy Bengs )
ST. PAUL , Minn. — Jeff Carter scored his second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and the Kings recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night .
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for the Kings , who have alternated wins and losses over their past nine games . The Kings opened a pivotal four-game trip by pulling into a tie with the Ducks again for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points . The Kings hold the tiebreaker over their regional rivals .
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings , who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation . Doughty finished with three assists .
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0 .
Eric Staal added his 39th and Zach Parise had his second goal in three games for the Wild . Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota , which is in third in the Central Division , four points ahead of Colorado .
Pearson opened the scoring before the end of the first period with his 15 goal of the year after Dustin Brown 's quick no-look pass back to Pearson for a quick one-timer with 1:13 left in the period .
The Kings added a power-play goal in the second by Jeff Carter . Jake Muzzin 's shot from the point deflected off Minnesota 's Mikko Koivu , slowing the puck and bouncing to Carter , who had an open net to the right of Dubnyk .
Related Articles Kings coach John Stevens not worried about team 's spirit
Kings forward Anze Kopitar could be in hunt for Hart Carter has seven goals and two assists in 12 games since returning from surgery to repair a tendon in his ankle .
The two-goal deficit ignited the Wild , who pressured and scored their first goal about six minutes later as Parise brought the puck in the zone and skated across the front and snapping a wrist shot past Quick .
Minnesota added its own late-period goal to end the second when Staal scored his 13th goal in the past 14 games . Ryan Suter sent Staal into the zone on a long pass and Staal 's quick shot flew past Quick 's right shoulder with 56 seconds left .
NOTES
Kings forward Trevor Lewis left the game with an upper body injury and did not return . … Kings defenseman Derek Forbort left the game in the first after he was cut near his ear by Parise 's skate but did return in the second . … Per the Elias Sports Bureau , Staal could join Gordie Howe as the only players in NHL history with at least nine seasons between 40-goal campaigns . Staal has his most since scoring 40 in 2008-09 . … Kings center Alex Iafallo was scratched for the first time since Jan. 4 , a span of 32 games . Andy Andreoff was in the lineup after being scratched 11 games in a row . … Minnesota got three assists from its defensemen . Wild defenseman have now accounted for 36 goals and 142 assists this season . Their 178 points from the blue line is second only to Nashville 's 181 this season .
More to come on this story .
UP NEXT
Kings : At Winnipeg on Tuesday night .
Wild : Are off until hosting Nashville on Saturday .
CIF Southern Section Baseball , Softball Championship Schedule
Friday 's Softball Games
At Deanna Manning Stadium , Irvine
Division 6 : Mary Star of the Sea vs. Highland , 12:30 p.m .
Division 5 : J.W . North vs. Chaminade , 3:3 p.m .
Division 3 : West Torrance vs. Redlands East Valley , 6:30 p.m .
Saturday 's Baseball Games
At Cal State Fullerton
Division 3 : Maranatha vs. La Salle , 10 a.m .
Division 5 : Malibu vs. Temple City , 1 p.m .
Division 2 : Beckman vs. Yucaipa , 4:30 p.m .
Division 1 : Foothill vs. Capistrano Valley , 7:30 p.m .
At UC Riverside 's Sports Complex
Division 6 : Pasadena Poly vs. Moreno Valley , Noon
Division 7 : Fillmore vs. Trinity Classical , 3:30 p.m .
Division 4 : La Quinta vs. Monrovia , 7 p.m .
Saturday 's Softball Games
At Deanna Manning Stadium , Irvine
Division 7 : The Archer School of Girls vs. Serra , 9:30 a.m .
Division 2 : Martin Luther King vs. Newbury Park , 12:30 p.m .
Division 4 : San Marcos vs. Santa Fe , 3:30 p.m .
Division 1 : Norco vs. Gahr/Chino Hills winner , 6:30 p.m .
Barcelona Appoints Eric Abidal as Club Ambassador
Eric Abidal has been appointed an ambassador at Barcelona , the club where he played for six seasons .
Abidal , who won the Champions League with Barcelona in 2011 despite undergoing surgery to remove a tumour on his liver two months earlier , rejoined the club on Wednesday .
The 37-year-old made 193 official appearances for Barcelona , winning four LaLiga titles in his time at Camp Nou , but the Frenchman played down his status at the club .
“ It 's a joy to return to officially form part of the club , ” Abidal told Barça TV . “ We had been talking for a while and now today it 's gone through . As ambassador I am going to represent the club in the best possible way in other countries .
“ It will always be a pleasure to share moments with the club 's former players and , above all , to transmit the message and values we have around the world – but I am not a legend .
“ It 's true my story marked a lot of people at the club , above all on a football level , but also on a personal level because of my illness . ”
After leaving Barcelona in 2013 , the former France international went on to play for Monaco and Olympiacos before announcing his retirement from the game .
Abidal follows Ronaldinho in returning to Barcelona to take up an ambassadorial role at the club after the Brazilian 's appointment was confirmed in February .
“ Éric Abidal has come back home and as FC Barcelona ambassador he 'll help us to promote the club 's values around the world , ” QUOTE FROM OFFICIAL TWITTER HANDLE OF THE CLUB .
The post Barcelona Appoints Eric Abidal as Club Ambassador appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Van Morrison has come up with a simple , and surprisingly effective , way to combat possible writer 's block — recycle old songs and standards with a brand-new approach .
He 's tried it before with `` Duets : Re-Working the Catalogue '' in 2015 and is at it again in `` You 're Driving Me Crazy . ''
This time he 's teamed with Joey DeFrancesco in a supremely relaxed , jazzy workout notable for its easy , almost effortless swing .
This is Morrison when he 's not trying too hard , not looking for new ways to express the emotions captured so brilliantly in his earlier work , simply enjoying the chance to team up with a superb organist and trumpeter to revisit some of his older songs mixed in with a few classics .
They shine on a number of standards , including Cole Porter 's `` Miss Otis Regrets , '' which Morrison personalizes with some distinctive mumbling . By now his vocal tics are so familiar that listeners can feel him trying to find , and stretch out , a moment of bliss .
He reaches all the way back to `` Astral Weeks '' for an updated `` The Way Young Lovers Do , '' one of the most evocative pieces from that landmark album . The composition stands the test of the time , and Morrison 's vocal performance meets the challenge , even if he 's decades past the coming-of-age drama depicted in that song .
He 's taking a number of songs originally performed in more of a rock style and put them in a jazz context . The joy he finds is clear from the opening moments , and there are several occasions when the sometimes grumpy Morrison laughs with pure delight .
Taking away the pressure of coming up with new masterworks to match `` Into the Mystic '' and `` Moondance '' seems to have liberated Morrison . And , lest ye forget , this man can sing .
Tower blocks in London , on fire , flames here and there . First off , the story looked merely serious , nothing like what it would become . There 'd been fires like that before . They looked spectacular , but they did n't spread . But this one did . Sometime in the night in Australia , middle of the day there , the building burst into flame , became the inferno anticipated in innumerable disaster movies . The metal cladding made it glow , sent streaks of sheer yellow through the flames , as people gathered at the windows , screamed , waved frantically to rescuers , dropped babies out of windows , jumped themselves . In real time , the story of Grenfell Tower played out across the wires : a building in a public housing estate whose neighbourhood action group had warned would go up sooner or later , who had mused that it would have no action taken over it until there was a catastrophe . A building that had been refitted internally to crowd more people in without a sprinkler system being installed . A building part of old '70s housing stock , a report on the fire safety conditions of which had been deferred by the Tory government twice . A building designed by its architects as a concrete shell that would limit any fire not merely to one floor , but to one corner of one floor , clad in a metal skin of the type that had already caught fire in other places round the world . A cladding added to the building , it has been said , to improve the appearance of it for the well-heeled residents of Kensington , the borough with the highest-priced houses in the country .
Brenda Gail Clay , age 70 of Lancing , TN , passed away unexpectedly Friday , December 8 , 2017 at Roane Medical Center .
Preceded in death by her parents , Leo William Davidson and Helen Geneva King ; husband , Michael Clay . She is survived by her daughter , Regina Sue Crosley of Clinton ; grandchildren , Krystle Johnson and husband Michael of Kingston , TN , Zack Crosley of Knoxville , TN ; four great grandchildren ; brother , James Davidson and wife Donna of Lancing , TN and Roger Davidson and wife Carol of Miamisburg , OH ; sister , Barbara Turner and husband Ron of Summerset , KY .
The family will receive friends Wednesday , December 13 , 2017 from 1-3 pm at Holley-Gamble Funeral Home with Funeral services to follow at 3 pm in the chapel . Interment will follow at Grandview Memorial Gardens . www.holleygamble.com
Mrityunjay Bose , DH News Service , Mumbai , Oct 6 2017 , 19:13 IST
In a significant political development that would dominate the political scenario of Maharashtra for some time , veteran politician Narayan Rane on Friday announced joining the BJP-NDA .
On the eve of Gandhi jayanti and a day after Dassera , Rane had floated Maharashtra Swabhiman Paksha ( MSP ) after leaving the Congress- with which he was associated for 12 years after he was expelled from Shiv Sena by Balasaheb Thackeray .
`` For the overall development of Maharashtra , for addressing the issues of the people and give impetus to the growth of Konkan region , the MSP is joining the NDA , '' Rane said .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis and state BJP president Raosaheb Patil-Danve had sent feelers to the political heavyweight to join the NDA .
`` Couple of days ago , the chief minister requested me to join NDA . I had asked for two days time . Accordingly , we are joining the NDA , '' he told reporters in his home district of Sindhudurg .
However , Rane , a Maratha leader and a former chief minister , has not yet said anything whether he would join the ministry .
The Shiv Sena , which is the oldest partner of BJP , is yet to react on the development . `` We have not been conveyed anything officially , '' a senior Sena leader said .
Rane is a bete noire of Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray and they do not leave any chance to target each other politically .
In fact , since the time he formed MSP , he had come to the defence of prime minister Narendra Modi on the issue of bullet train project and had been seen stonewalling criticism of Uddhav and his estranged cousin and MNS president Raj Thackeray .
Rane 's entry into the NDA would come as a major breather to Fadnavis , who has been under constant attack of the Sena . Uddhav 's party has been attacking Modi and BJP president Amit Shah .
One newborn photographer never got a chance to give her own child the posed photos that new moms and dads love . So she decided that despite 21 years passing , she 'd finally take `` newborn '' photos of her first son .
Rebecca Hayes told ABC News that she got the idea to take the silly photos of her son , Clayton Jensvold , back in March right after photographing one of her clients .
`` I threw it out there just sort of joking around , '' she recalled .
Chaotic Perfection Photography
Hayes , 38 , had no idea that her partner and high school sweetheart David Ward would completely be on board . Their son , which Hayes had at 16 years old , was also game to her delight .
`` He 's got a really quick wit and dry sense of humor and so he 's a hard read , '' Hayes said of her son , `` but with this he just like sat up , saying , 'We have to do this . ' ''
Chaotic Perfection Photography
It was especially important for the couple , who dated for years in an Orange , California , high school before breaking up after they discovered they were expecting .
`` It got a little bit complicated and we just parted ways , '' Hayes explained .
The two both went on to marry and have children in those relationships . Still , after the death of Hayes ' husband in 2013 , she reconnected with her high school sweetheart , who helped her cope .
It was perfect timing as Ward , 40 , would soon need to lean on her once his wife was diagnosed with cancer in 2015 . She passed away a year later .
Chaotic Perfection Photography
`` We did n't know any other people who had passed so young so we had each other , '' Hayes said . `` Then one day we looked at each other and said , 'What the hell ? ' ''
The two have been dating since January .
Ward added of the full-circle moment , `` It 's weird but it 's a good weird . ''
Fitz ' could face sideline ban 17 April 2017
Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Aidan Nolan clash with Jason Forde of Tipperary .
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne . Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Aidan Nolan clash with Jason Forde of Tipperary.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne .
A sideline ban could be in the offing for Davy Fitzgerald after he entered the pitch and clashed with Tipperary 's Jason Forde during the Allianz Hurling League semi-final .
The Wexford manager said afterwards that he did n't regret the incident and was confident that he would escape punishment , but the fact that referee Diarmuid Kirwan took no action at the time leaves the door open for the CCCC to review the video and possibly impose a retrospective ban . Fitzgerald was in contravention of the rule which states that only a designated 'runner ' can enter the playing area during the game .
If a sideline ban is imposed , Fitzgerald would be banished to the stands for Wexford 's Leinster SHC quarter-final against one of the round-robin qualifiers on the weekend of May 27/28 .
Forde could also be in hot water and will be anxious to avoid a suspension ahead of next Sunday 's league final against Galway .
Cross River State University Of Technology Moves To Suspend All Students Who Defaulted To Pay School Fees .
This is to notify all students of Cross River University of Technology , Parents , Guardians and the general public that due to the alarming rate of non payment of school fees by students , the university management is publishing in the Nigerian Chronicle on Wednesday , April 19th , 2017 and the University Website the full list of students …
The post Cross River State University Of Technology Moves To Suspend All Students Who Defaulted To Pay School Fees . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Republican-led Senate voted decisively to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia 's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks .
Senators on Wednesday passed the bipartisan sanctions legislation 97-2 , underscoring broad support among Republicans and Democrats for rebuking Russia after U.S. intelligence agencies determined Moscow had deliberately interfered in the presidential campaign . Lawmakers who backed the measure also cited Russia 's aggression in Syria and Ukraine .
Despite Russia 's bellicosity , there 's been no forceful response from President Donald Trump . The president has instead sought to improve relations with Moscow and rejected the implication that Russian hacking of Democratic emails tipped the election his way .
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's `` brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant demonstration of his disdain and disrespect for our nation , '' Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said ahead of the vote .
`` But in the last eight months , what price has Russia paid for attacking American democracy ? '' McCain said .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered tepid support for the sanctions measure , telling the House Foreign Affairs Committee he agreed `` with the sentiment '' among lawmakers that Russia must be held accountable for its meddling in the election .
But Tillerson urged Congress to make the sanctions legislation does n't tie the president 's hands and shut down promising avenues of communication between the two former Cold War foes . He asked lawmakers `` to ensure any legislation allows the president to have the flexibility to adjust sanctions to meet the needs of what is always an evolving diplomatic situation . ''
If the Trump administration decides to oppose the new sanctions , they could be in a bind . The sanctions measure has been attached to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating and which also has strong bipartisan support . So the White House would have to reject stricter punishments against Iran , which it favors , in order to derail the parts of the legislation it may object to .
Once the Iran bill is passed , the legislation moves to the House for action .
The leaders of the Senate Banking and Foreign Relations committees announced late Monday that they 'd reached an agreement on the sanctions package after intensive negotiations .
The deal was forged amid the firestorm over investigations into Moscow 's possible collusion with members of Trump 's campaign . House and Senate committees are investigating Russia 's meddling and potential links to the Trump campaign . Special Counsel Robert Mueller is conducting a separate probe .
The measure calls for strengthening current sanctions and imposing new ones on a broad range of people , including Russians engaged in corruption , individuals in human rights abuses and anyone supplies weapons to the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad . Broad new sanctions would be imposed on Russia 's mining , metals , shipping and railways sectors .
The measure would punish individuals who conduct what the senators described as `` conducting malicious cyber activity on behalf of the Russian government . '' Also covered by the sanctions are people doing business with Russian intelligence and defense agencies .
The package also would require a congressional review if a president attempts to ease or end current penalties . The review mechanism was styled after 2015 legislation pushed by Republicans and approved overwhelmingly in the Senate that gave Congress a vote on whether Obama could lift sanctions against Iran . That measure reflected Republican complaints that Obama had overstepped the power of the presidency and needed to be checked by Congress .
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-N.H. , a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees , said the Senate has finally confronted Russia .
`` This bipartisan amendment is the sanctions regime that the Kremlin deserves for its actions , '' Shaheen said .
MobileGo Token to Begin Trading on Bittrex Exchange Following Successful Crowdsale
This is a paid press release , which contains forward-looking statements , and should be treated as advertising or promotional material . Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service . Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content , accuracy or quality within the press release .
LOS ANGELES , CA– ( Jun 12 , 2017 ) – MobileGo ( https : //mobilego.io/ ) , the new Ethereum ERC 20 token created to allow for smart contract technology and development within the Gamecredits Mobile Store ( https : //gamecredits.com/ ) , today announced its MobileGo token ( $ MGO ) will begin trading on the Bittrex Exchange Tuesday the 13th of June in the afternoon ( PST ) 2017 .
MobileGo recently raised $ 53.07 million USD over a 30-day Token-CrowdSale , to fund its blockchain-based decentralized smart contract technology solutions for the gaming industry . MobileGo was the largest ever crowd-fund using digital currencies , which includes the number of participants ( over 10k ) . Since the conclusion of MobileGo 's successful crowdsale , the company has been working on final agreements with several big companies in Europe and Asia preparing to enter these markets full throttle .
“ The Mobile token powers participation on the Gamecredits Mobile Store , and we 're eager to exceed community expectations as we build and deliver on our concepts , ” said MobilGo CEO
Bittrex.com , having turned 4 recently , is one of the oldest and most trusted Digital Currency trading platform on the planet . It has seen exponential user growth and trading volumes in the past six months .
“ We 've seen unprecedented growth in this sector and in our Business ” Stated Bill Shihara , Co-founder and CEO . “ We 're assessing the industry and looking for top tier projects with real disruption potential ”
Participation on the Gamecredits Mobile Store is incentivized by the $ MGO token , a fundamental part of the Gamecredits Mobile Store , decentralized protocol and long-term roadmap . MobileGo will be focusing on the mobile gaming market as it is by far the fastest growing gaming market in the world . The gamification of the GameCredits Mobile store will be centered on MobileGo .
“ We 're pleased to be working with top leaders like Sergey Sholom and the team at MobileGo to bring the $ MGO token to our platform this week ” – stated Bill .
“ MobileGo is very pleased to partner with a top tier Digital Asset Exchange like Bittrex . We believe this is a great strategic fit , allowing millions of users access to the $ MGO token on a great platform , while allowing our team to focus on business development and marketing ”
The $ MGO token is issued on 2 different blockchains : Ethereum and Waves . The Bittrex listing is the Ethereum ERC20 compatible version and a “ block swap ” solution will be made available by MobileGo in 2 months time , allowing anybody to swap MGO tokens between one chain or the other .
Further , MobileGo token will help in the development of decentralized smart contract technological solutions for the gaming industry . MobileGo will function as the smart contract token required by GameCredits for the creation of these solutions within their mobile application .
The current roadmap of GameCredits will focus on three MobileGo development solutions :
1 . A decentralized virtual marketplace
2 . Decentralized Tournament functionality
3 . Decentralized gamer to gamer match play
MobileGo will use smart contracts to allow gamers to buy/sell/trade in-game content without having to leave their application and without the fear of fraud or manipulation .
GameCredits also plans to develop a tournament system from which gamers will be able to create their own tournaments and prizes in which to participate . These tournaments will be based on smart contracts using the MobileGo token .
Moreover , the solutions by GameCredits are to be hosted within the game store application . This means that players will not have to play a game somewhere and then go to a separate application to participate in matches and tournaments . This will allow GameCredits to fully leverage the traffic to their application .
“ The game industry is filled with great use cases for digital currencies . We have followed MobileGo , and believe they have a compelling concept , ” said Bill Shihara , CEO of Bittrex . “ Adding a unique cryptocurrency project with great community support is a no-brainer for Bittrex . ”
ABOUT GAMECREDITS
GameCredits Inc. ( https : //gamecredits.com/ ) is an international , multi-cultural company bringing together experts from both the blockchain and gaming . The company has created the first crypto mobile gaming store . The Gamecredits Mobile Store is an android application that will host thousands of mainstream mobile games from across the world . The store will accept Gamecredits ( GAME ) , an open source POW cryptocurrency , as its primary payment and transaction currency .
ABOUT BITTREX EXCHANGE
Bittrex ( https : //bittrex.com/ ) provides individuals and businesses a world-class experience in buying and selling cutting-edge cryptocurrencies and digital tokens . Based and fully regulated in the United States , Bittrex provides lightning-fast trade execution , stable wallets , and industry-best security practices . For more information , please visit : www.bittrex.com
Media Contact : info @ mobilego.io
Mobile Go Twitter : @ MobileGoIco
Media Contact : media @ bittrex.com .
Bittrex Twitter : @ BittrexExchange
This is a paid press release . Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services . Bitcoin.com is not responsible , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content , goods or services mentioned in the press release .
The post MobileGo Token to Begin Trading on Bittrex Exchange Following Successful Crowdsale appeared first on Bitcoin News .
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( AP Photo/Richard Drew , File ) . FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 .
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Major U.S. stock indexes have surrendered an early gain and are falling sharply Tuesday as investors sell technology , industrial and retail stocks . Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years . Alphabet , Google 's parent company , is one of the biggest losers after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index sank 28 points , or 1.1 percent , to 2,642 as of 1 p.m. Eastern time . It was up as much as 13 points earlier .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 380 points , or 1.6 percent , to 24,059 . The Nasdaq composite dropped 111 points , or 1.6 percent , to 7,018 .
Small-company stocks held up better than the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 index declined 7 points , or 0.5 percent , to 1,554 .
MISPRINT : Alphabet slid 4.76 percent to $ 1,024.07 after the company said ad revenue climbed , but expenses also rose . Google 's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change .
Facebook fell 3.5 percent to $ 160.10 and Microsoft skidded 1.8 percent to $ 93.65 . Another market favorite , Amazon , shed 3.7 percent to $ 1,461.77 .
INDUSTRIAL WEAKNESS : 3M , which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics , shed 8.3 percent to $ 197.92 after it cut its annual forecast . Defense contractor Lockheed Martin sank 5.9 percent to $ 337.49 and Boeing lost 2.3 percent to $ 330.91 .
Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5.5 percent to $ 158.45 and it helped lead an early rally in the sector . Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year . It jumped in early trading but later fell 4.1 percent to $ 147.70 .
BONDS : Bond prices were little changed after an early dip . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.98 percent , matching Monday 's close . Earlier it peaked at 3 percent for the first time since January 2014 . Low interest rates have played an important role in the economic recovery of the last decade by making it cheap for people and companies to borrow money .
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages , and it 's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation .
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09 , a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low , but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up .
SHIRE 'S WILD RIDE : Drugmaker Shire rallied again as the company said it is considering a new offer from Japanese rival Takeda . Bloomberg News reported that the companies are close to a deal and the shares rose 2.2 percent to $ 163.53 .
Shire has rallied in the wake of Takeda 's earlier offers , which Shire said were n't good enough . Shire briefly made big gains last week after Botox maker Allergan said it was considering making its own bid , but the stock dipped again after Allergan decided not to make an offer .
SMALL GOES BIG : American consumers got more confident in the economy in April , according to a survey by the Conference Board . Its consumer confidence index is near 18-year highs . Meanwhile the Commerce Department said sales of new home jumped in March . That helped smaller company stocks , which rose early on and later took smaller losses than their larger peers .
Among smaller banks , Simmons First National rose 4.1 percent to $ 30.15 and Banner gained 3.9 percent to $ 58.01 . In the technology industry , electronics manufacturer Sanmina-ICU jumped 18.1 percent to $ 32.70 .
CURRENCIES : The dollar rose to 108.85 yen from 108.65 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.2229 from $ 1.2205 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 1 cent to $ 68.65 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , gained 11 cents to $ 74.82 per barrel in London .
OVERSEAS : Germany 's DAX lost 0.2 percent while the French CAC 40 added 0.1 percent . Britain 's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent . Japan 's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent , helped by the weaker yen . The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent .
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Canada coach Bev Priestman was preparing her team for a game Sunday against Costa Rica when CONCACAF pulled the plug on its 2018 Women 's Under-17 Championship following violence in Managua , Nicaragua .
The Canadians had blanked Bermuda 3-0 Friday in their first game of the tournament .
`` It happened so quickly , '' Priestman said late Monday from Miami as the Canadian team made its way home from Central America . `` One minute you 're about to play Costa Rica and then you find out about the tournament being cancelled .
`` I do believe they made the right decision , '' she added . `` Safety comes first . ''
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which more than two dozen people have been killed . The protests quickly spread nationwide , with scenes of massive rock throwing , burning barricades , tear gas and some gunfire .
Dozens of shops were looted in Managua , the Nicaragua capital where the tournament was taking place .
Priestman said the Canadian team had been insulated from the violence , with police escorts on their travels .
`` I think that 's what surprised us the most , '' she said . `` We were sort of in a bubble . As you can imagine as a football team you 're just preparing for your game . You turn up for training , you go home . ''
The protest movement started when the Sandinista government of President Daniel Ortega issued a decree on April 16 increasing income and payroll taxes and changing pensions to try to shore up Nicaragua 's troubled social security system .
The tournament was to have determined the region 's qualifiers for the Under-17 World Cup in Uruguay , which starts Nov. 13 .
Senior secret service operatives who were put on one-year renewable contracts after reaching their retirement age have now been released from the CIO .
Reports also suggest that there are some senior officers whose employment contracts were terminated as well even though they were still to reach retirement age , although this could not be verified at the time of going to print .
“ Most of the people were given their letters of termination last week . Those who were affected had , in most cases , reached the age of 55 . There were some , however , who had not reached that age but were also affected by the changes , ” a high-level source told the Daily News last week .
“ Most of those affected had retired and were on yearly contracts… Most of those affected are war veterans and other career agents who were hanging onto their jobs because of the camaraderie that existed between them and their superiors ” .
Efforts to get a comment from Vice President Constantino Chiwenga , who is responsible for both the intelligence and defence portfolios , were fruitless .
The new CIO director-general , Isaac Moyo , was also not available for comment .
Since assuming office late last year , Mnangagwa 's administration has made far-reaching changes in the security services , perhaps to get loyalists in strategic positions while getting rid of those who were sympathetic to his predecessor — ousted former president Robert Mugabe .
In the CIO , Mnangagwa appointed Moyo — the country 's former ambassador to South Africa — to head the secretive spy service ahead of Aaron Nhepera whom many thought was a shoo in for the position .
Nhepera was the acting spy chief until December 8 when Moyo was made CIO director-general .
Mnangagwa also rang changes in the Zimbabwe Defence Forces and the Zimbabwe Republic Police where long-serving commissioner-general Augustine Chihuri was retired .
The changes , according to analysts , are meant to strengthen Mnangagwa 's hand by getting rid of spies perceived to be loyal to Mugabe and the vanquished Generation 40 ( G40 ) cabal .
G40 had fought a bitter war of attrition against Team Lacoste but could not stand a chance when the military showed its muscle last November by staging a soft coup that targeted its members , including Mugabe .
Several G40 functionaries were arrested on a litany of allegations during the month-long military intervention , while others had to skip the country .
The changes in the security sector are also meant to support Finance and Economic Development minister Patrick Chinamasa 's austerity measures that include trimming government expenditure .
Currently , over 70 percent of the national budget is going towards staff costs .
To rein in runaway expenditure , Chinamasa has adopted a policy to retire those who have reached the retirement age .
While the retirement age for civil servants is 65 , in the secret service officers can exit the service at 55 , if not earlier .
Because of the mistrusts currently obtaining between Mnangagwa 's administration and security personnel who were close to Mugabe , the changes do not come as a surprise .
University of Zimbabwe political science lecturer Eldred Masunungure opined recently that after going through a transition of the nature witnessed in Zimbabwe , it was inevitable that such clean-up of State security institutions would follow .
Mnangagwa rode to power with the help of the military after his Team Lacoste faction had been completely overwhelmed by G40 .
When it stepped in , the military did not seek assistance from the police or the CIO .
In fact , it clamped down on these two security institutions because they were thought to be loyal to Mugabe and G40 .
Masunungure has observed that the Lacoste faction was now cleaning any G40-infested institution , among them the police and the CIO , which is now headed by a Mnangagwa loyalist .
“ The CIO was also perceived to be a pillar of the G40 camp . I do n't think it will end there but will extend to other departments of government — it was expected that the vanquished faction will pay a heavy price , ” said Masunungure .
Other analysts have criticised the shake-up of security services as akin to a cleansing exercise targeting those who supped with the G40 faction .
They argued that security sector reform entails reorienting , retraining officers , changing training curriculums to embrace more rights based and non-adversarial approaches , changing service charters , among other things .
Political analyst , Maxwell Saungweme , argued recently that what is currently obtaining is political factional cleansing and purging of G40-aligned service women and men , adding that the whole exercise does not transform the security sector into a professional outfit but politicises it .
“ The idea is to remain with Lacoste aligned and loyal service women and men . These reduce our security service to be political running dogs of the ruling faction than a professional service loyal to country .
“ Calling what is happening security sector reform is ignorant and uninformed . Proper reforms are preceded by proper human resources and skills audit of the force , consultation around which model of reforms is ideal and then do the reforms .
“ What is happening is just like how G40 ministers were chased around . That was not reform but factional purging , ” said Saungweme . Daily News
TOKYO ( AP ) — Belgian David Goffin reached a second straight Japan Open tennis final with a tense 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) victory over Argentina 's Diego Schwartzman on Saturday .
Goffin will face either Croatia 's Marin Cilic or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in Sunday 's decider .
A Schwartzman double fault at 6-6 in the second tiebreak gifted Goffin a chance to serve for the match , which he converted .
With no breaks in the first set , Goffin took the initiative in the fifth game of the second . He served for the match at 5-4 only for Schwartzman to break back .
Goffin also held the upper hand in the tiebreak at 3-2 , before Schwartzman broke back two points later .
The victory extends Goffin 's winning streak to eight matches , including four in winning his first title since 2014 in Shenzhen last week .
He stands at No.10 in the Emirates ATP Race to London rankings . With the injured Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka ruled out , 10th place is good enough to secure a spot at the end-of-season showpiece .
By JOCELYN NOVECK
AP National Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Actress Uma Thurman , in long-awaited remarks , accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself on her sexually years ago in a London hotel room . Weinstein , through his attorney , acknowledged making an `` awkward pass '' but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over her comments .
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday , Thurman also said `` Kill Bill '' director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced her into driving a car that she believed to be faulty , resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck , a concussion and damage to her knees . A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment .
Thurman 's allegations against Weinstein , who has been accused of rape , assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women , had been widely anticipated since she hinted late last year that she had a story to tell but wanted to wait until she was less angry . Her story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd .
`` I used the word 'anger , ' but I was more worried about crying , to tell you the truth , '' Thurman was quoted as saying . `` I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true . So what you really saw was a person buying time . ''
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with him suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading her to a steam room but that she did not feel threatened . She said that the first `` attack '' - the word appears in quotes - happened later in London .
`` He pushed me down , '' she said . `` He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard . ''
Later , she alleged , she arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him : `` If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career , your reputation and your family , I promise you . ''
The Times article says Thurman 's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there , but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking .
`` Her eyes were crazy , and she was totally out of control , '' said the friend , Ilona Herman .
When Thurman was able to talk again , Herman said , she revealed that Weinstein , who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood , had threatened to derail her career .
Though the article does n't make clear how the London hotel room encounter ended , Thurman said : `` Harvey assaulted me , but that did n't kill me . ''
A representative for Thurman , Leslie Sloane , responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only : `` The article speaks for itself . ''
Meanwhile , Ben Brafman , Weinstein 's attorney , said the producer was `` stunned and saddened '' by false accusations from Thurman . He emphasized Weinstein and Thurman had worked together for more than two decades .
The lawyer , in a statement , said Weinstein acknowledged making `` an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which he regrets and immediately apologized for . '' He said it was a mystery why Thurman would wait so long to come forward or `` embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault . ''
He said Thurman 's statements to the Times were being `` examined and investigated '' before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against her would be appropriate .
Thurman , one of the stars of Tarantino 's `` Pulp Fiction , '' also said that just before shooting began on the director 's `` Kill Bill : Vol . 1 , '' which came out in 2003 , she told him about Weinstein and he confronted the mogul , leading him to apologize .
But she also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored her expressed fears of driving a car that she had been warned might be faulty .
Tarantino persuaded her to do it , she said , quoting him as saying , `` Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair wo n't blow the right way and I 'll make you do it again . ''
Video accompanying the article online - which Thurman says took her 15 years to procure - shows Thurman struggling to control the car , crashing into a tree and then being carried from the car .
`` That was a deathbox that I was in , '' Thurman was quoted as saying .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Call it a cow-beaver .
Ranchers northeast of Regina are shaking their heads after watching a herd of curious bovines slowly follow a beaver across one of their pastures .
Adrienne Ivey and her husband Aaron were out checking their 150 cattle near Ituna , Sask. , on Good Friday when they noticed something odd .
The cattle were gathered together and walking slowly behind a beaver , with some of the heifers lowering their heads to get a closer look at the furry cowboy with a funny-looking tail .
When the beaver stopped , the herd would stop , and then follow again when the rodent resumed its stroll .
Ivey says they are used to herding their cows with horses or quads , but nothing like this .
She says young cattle are naturally curious , while the beaver seemed to ignore all the attention .
“ We knew that people would get a great chuckle out of it because you can not get more Canadian than that , ” said Ivey , who posted a video of the beaver-bovine cattle drive on Facebook .
“ We talk about how awesome our Canadian beef is , but a beaver leading cattle around ? It 's the most Canadian thing ever ! ”
Ivey said the beaver was probably looking around the pasture for a place to build a dam .
Video of the beaver and cattle can be seen at :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — U.S. workers ' wages and benefits grew 2.6 percent last year , the fastest 12-month pace since the spring of 2015 .
The 12-month gain in wages and benefits came despite a slight slowdown at the end of last year with wages and benefits rising 0.6 percent in the fourth quarter , a tiny dip from a 0.7 percent gain in the third quarter , the Labor Department reported Wednesday . Still , the 12-month gain was an improvement from a 2.2 percent gain for the 12 months ending in December 2016 .
In his State of the Union address Tuesday night , President Donald Trump touted the rise in wages as an accomplishment of his economic program . But private economists contend that wages should be rising at a faster pace given that unemployment is now at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent .
The gain in the employment cost index showed that wages and salaries were up 2.5 percent for the 12 months ending in December while benefits such as employer contributions to health insurance and pension plans rose 2.5 percent . Wages and salaries make up about 70 percent of compensation costs while benefits make up the other 30 percent .
Most economists believe that wages should be increasing at a faster pace given the drop in the jobless rate to 4.1 percent . The last time unemployment was this low , in the late 1990s , average hourly pay , another measure of wages , was rising at a 4 percent pace . Hourly wages rose 2.5 percent in 2017 , down from a 2016 gain of 2.9 percent , according to a separate Labor Department report .
The employment cost index , which tracks wages and compensation benefits , last rose faster than 2.6 percent over a 12-month period in September 2008 when the gain was 2.9 percent .
{ `` id '' :51732772 , '' title '' : '' Suspected terrorist in custody after allegedly detonating explosive device in Times Square '' , '' duration '' : '' 5:54 '' , '' description '' : '' New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo called the explosion \ '' one of our worst nightmares.\ '' New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio called it an \ '' attempted terrorist attack.\ '' '' , '' url '' : '' /Nightline/video/suspected-terrorist-custody-allegedly-detonating-explosive-device-times-51732772 '' , '' section '' : '' Nightline '' , '' mediaType '' : '' default '' }
Georgia sophomore quarterback Jake Fromm suffered a small fracture in his non-throwing left hand earlier this week , but he wo n't miss any summer workouts , Georgia coach Kirby Smart told ESPN on Wednesday .
UGASports.com first reported Wednesday that Fromm suffered the injury in a freak boating accident Monday on Lake Burton in northeast Georgia .
Smart termed the injury as `` insignificant '' and said that Fromm already had resumed throwing .
As a true freshman last year , Fromm led Georgia to the SEC championship and an appearance in the College Football Playoff National Championship game , where the Bulldogs lost to Alabama .
Fromm finished with 2,615 passing yards , 24 touchdown passes and seven interceptions after taking the starting job away from Jacob Eason , who has since transferred to Washington .
The Bulldogs also are bringing in five-star quarterback Justin Fields , who was ranked by ESPN as the country 's No . 1 prospect overall in the 2018 signing class .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — White House : 1 dead in Virginia train-truck collision , no lawmakers or staff seriously injured .
The Las Vegas shooting highlighted the worst – and the best – of humanity .
The horrific : a killer taking as many lives as he could . The good : Everybody from victims who sacrificed their lives to save loved ones to total strangers who risked all in a barrage of bullets to those who comforted the dying and wounded .
Now , in the aftermath of Las Vegas , the full breadth of human behavior is again on display , this time in the form of charity for the victims and their survivors .
Millions of dollars are flowing in for the victims of the Las Vegas mass shooting through an online fundraising site . Whether it 's a few bucks or a few thousand or $ 100,000 , many campaigns are exceeding their goals – and very quickly . The largest account is close to $ 10 million after just four days .
But with so many dead , and hundreds of others injured – and the names of all the injured not publicly listed – the Las Vegas massacre is proving to be ripe for fraud . At least one Southern California family already has moved to take down a false fundraising site using the name of their deceased loved one .
Public officials say there could be others .
“ Unfortunately , some people try to capitalize on our generosity in times of tragedy , ” California State Attorney General Xavier Becerra wrote in a consumer alert Wednesday , warning Californians about sham charities in the aftermath of the killing spree last Sunday .
“ These unscrupulous individuals set up fake charities purporting to help the victims of the tragedy only to line their own pockets . ”
GoFundMe
Family members and friends , and even some of the injured , are turning to the online crowd-funding site GoFundMe to raise money for medical costs , burials and other expenses . The for-profit site also serves as a source of news , comfort and support .
For the vast majority , the goal is a sincere effort to help the hundreds of injured along with the families of the 58 people killed by a sniper who sprayed thousands of bullets into a crowded outdoor country music concert .
It 's unclear how many campaigns exist . GoFundMe created a centralized location for verified campaigns , which on Friday ran 58 pages , but the number appears to change frequently .
Using the site 's search bar , a Friday morning search for “ Las Vegas shooting ” campaigns yielded 661 results . Minutes later , the same search returned 675 results . Then , minutes after that , the number was 875 .
There could be many more campaigns using different keywords . A search for “ Las Vegas massacre ” found 106 campaigns ; some overlapped with the previous search .
A GoFundMe spokeswoman did not answer when asked how many sites exist , nor did she say how many have been taken down because they were found to be fraudulent .
She did emphasize that the company has several ways to ensure the money raised goes to the right people .
GoFundMe guarantees that the funds “ go to the right place , or donors will get their money back , ” spokeswoman Katherine Cichy wrote in an email to the Southern California News Group .
The company provides “ around-the-clock support and will continue to monitor the platform to ensure all of the money raised goes directly to the victims , ” Cichy wrote .
“ We are reviewing all campaigns created in the aftermath of this terrible shooting and will stay in close touch with all organizers and beneficiaries to ensure the resources get to the right place , ” she said .
GoFundMe collects the money and then transfers the funds directly to the beneficiary of the campaign , rather than the organizer who sets it up , except in some instances when the campaign organizer “ has a direct , personal connection to the beneficiary , ” Cichy wrote .
At least one Southern California family already discovered a fraudulent account .
The family of Brian Fraser , 39 , of La Palma , was killed at the Route 91 Harvest festival . Friends set up some legitimate family-approved campaigns , including one that so far has raised more than $ 191,000 . But another campaign was a fraud trying to bank on their tragedy . It was reported to the GoFundMe site and pulled down , Nick Arellano , Fraser 's son , said Friday .
Marc Beaart , a Los Angeles Assistant District Attorney who prosecutes cyber crimes , said national tragedies bring out the hucksters along with the do-gooders .
“ A lot of people have empathy . They want to help . And fraudsters pick up on that , ” said Beeart , who last year successfully prosecuted a man for keeping some $ 21,000 in GoFundMe money that was supposed to go to a young man who lost his leg .
“ These criminals are very savvy . They will come up with and say anything . ‘ I 'm his twin brother . ' ‘ I 'm his father . ' ‘ Here is his birth certificate ' , ” Beeart said . “ They know how to work people…
“ But that 's the world we live in , ” Beeart added . “ I do hope the fraudsters are a small part of the landscape of solicitations in general . ”
Ryan Miller , pastor of a Christian church in Fullerton , described some of the checks and balances in the process he went through in opening a GoFundMe page for the family of Teresa Nicol Kimura , a 38-year-old Placentia woman who was killed at the country music concert .
“ When I initially set this up , I immediately got a notification . ( GoFundMe ) needed verification that this was legitimate , ” Miller said . “ I spent a significant amount of time communicating back and forth with a representative to confirm I was who I said I was and I had an affiliation with her . ”
“ The money is n't coming to me . The money will go directly to the family , ” said Miller , one of several friends with Kimura at the concert . His campaign has raised more than $ 45,000 for her family .
Even on his own Facebook page , someone Miller does n't know and who did n't see the lengthy list of older Facebook posts and photos featuring Kimura , questioned its legitimacy . The commenter noted that she had previously been taken advantage of by scammers .
“ We live in a society in which some people will find any way to take advantage of a situation , ” Miller said . “ When money is involved , it becomes worse . ”
Miller said this was his first time tapping the crowd-funding site , and found it “ a reputable way for people to give . ”
Becerra , the California state attorney general , has posted online donation tips , such as give money to charities that are registered with his office of Registry of Charitable Trusts . ”
Sara Nason , spokeswoman for Charity Navigator , which evaluates and rates non-profit organizations , said those donating through a crowdfunding site like GoFundMe , should double-check through friends and family who is organizing the campaign .
GoFundMe is a for-profit company and charges 7.9 percent on what it raises , plus .30 cents per donation . The organization has donated money in previous tragedies , including the Orlando nightclub shooting , and has pledged $ 150,000 toward a campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak . That fund , as of Friday afternoon , had already raised nearly $ 9.8 million from roughly 80,000 donors .
From zero to big money
In some cases , the amount raised by the GoFundMe campaigns far exceed the amount requested .
A campaign to transport the body of Michelle Vo , a Fullerton resident , from Las Vegas to San Jose and cover her memorial expenses sought $ 10,000 . More than 800 donors gave close to $ 57,000 .
A GoFundMe campaign for Elle Gargano , a marketing assistant in Irvine who was shot at the concert and remains hospitalized , has raised over $ 118,000 in three days , well over the goal of $ 100,000 . The donations will go toward her medical expenses and recovery , according to her page .
Another campaign sought $ 50,000 for Tina Frost , a 27-year-old Maryland woman who as of Friday was still in a coma after being shot in the eye . Supporters have raised over $ 400,000 .
Not all the campaigns have been successful .
Someone who identifies himself only as Joseph from San Francisco , and said he wants to raise money for the victims , received zip toward his $ 50,000 goal as of Friday afternoon . Plenty others asking for help – $ 1,000 , $ 5,000 , $ 300,000 , $ 1 million – also had zero donations .
Deeper than money
Even as the online campaigns raise funds they also serve as a particularly emotional form of community billboard , with news of survivors and surgeries and messages of hope delivered by and for well-wishers . For those who died , the sites are full of condolences and prayers .
“ You are gon na make it Mike because God was watching over you ! ” wrote one well-wisher on the page for Mike Lbujic , one of three Port of Los Angeles dockworkers injured at the concert .
Sometimes , the comments come from friends of friends or co-workers or neighbors ; even complete strangers feel compelled to say something in the face of such horror .
“ I do n't know you , but sending love and positive vibes your way , ” wrote one well-wisher on the GoFundMe page of Natalie Grumets , a Dana Point woman recovering from reconstructive surgery after being shot in the face .
Such wishes mean a lot to people like Nikki Rapp , 22 , of Huntington Beach .
Rapp 's mother , Diana Rapp Litzenbert , 52 , of Lake Forest , was trampled by people running from the gunfire . She is hospitalized , with no feeling yet on the left side of her body , her daughter said .
The family is seeking $ 20,000 to help cover expenses . But the GoFundMe page has included much-appreciated messages of love , many coming from complete strangers .
“ The support and prayers…it 's been insane , ” the younger Rapp said earlier this week . “ It 's been the best thing . ”
And for those who ca n't donate money , she said , prayers will help .
Staff writers Alma Fausto and Ian Wheeler contributed to this report .
Getty Image
NBA free agency is always such a dizzying and disorienting time of year that it 's nearly impossible to keep track of all the player movement and transactions , even when that involves your favorite team , or in some cases , the team in which you hold a minority ownership stake .
Former Lakers legend and TNT broadcaster Shaquille O'Neal recently appeared on the Wizards Tipoff Podcast to talk about the team 's off-season , but it quickly became clear that he had some confusion over how they 're summer went .
Leeds United under-23 forward Sam Dalby stole the show as the Whites ran out 3-2 winners over Ipswich Town at Portman Road .
Sam Dalby bagged an impressive brace on Monday night as he added to his already growing reputation at Thorp Arch .
His first of the evening was taken impressively as the ball rebounded into his path in the area after good work from left-back Tyler Denton . Dalby kept a cool head to pick his spot and smash a left-footed effort home with ease .
If his first was impressive his second was all that and more .
Dalby bullied his marker out of his way as he latched onto a loose ball over the top taking it in stride before emphatically striking the ball low into the bottom left corner .
Perhaps more notable than the 18-year-old 's finishing was the hold up play on display . The Town defenders certainly knew they had been in a game and the work rate from the youngster was second to none throughout the 80 minutes or so he was on the pitch .
It 's fair to say Dalby has impressed since joining the ranks at Elland Road three months ago and his goal tally does n't lie - that 's four in six in the Development League .
This was a night , though , that he looked to have come of age with and without the ball at his feet .
Make no mistake there remains a rawness in his play but having already cut his teeth in League Two there is a clear dogged determination to get back to that level , if not higher , sooner rather than later .
One thing is for sure if he continues to develop at the rate he is showing then there is no reason why he would n't have a case to be knocking on Paul Heckingbottom 's door with strong argument to be given a shot at the big time - especially with the Whites manager 's recent inclusion of Bailey Peacock-Farrell and Tom Pearce .
Whether it 's a loan or first team action at Elland Road next , United look to have an exciting prospect on their books .
Sam Dalby ... remember the name .
Profile
Dalby made the move to Elland Road in January swapping life at National League side Leyton Orient for one with Carlos Corberan 's under-23 's at Thorp Arch .
The 18-year-old is highly rated by those who know him and , if Monday evening is anything to go by , then he has made the right choice to continue his development with United .
Dalby made his full league debut for the Orient on Boxing Day of 2016 taking just four minutes to notch his first senior goal in a 3-2 win over Crawley Town .
The youngster went on to make 19 appearances for the club before making the move to West Yorkshire earlier this year signing a two-and-a-half-year deal .
Netflix
The Gifted ( Fox , 9:00 p.m. ) – Season one ends with Jade facing a moral crossroads and Reed and Caitlin taking matters into their own hands when it comes to fighting the Sentinel Services .
Judd Apatow : The Return ( Netflix ) – Judd Apatow returns to stand-up after 25 years with this new Netflix special that sees him riffing on everything from fatherhood and marriage to Trump , Obama , and career fails .
Kevin Can Wait ( CBS , 8:00 p.m. ) – Kevin ends up cock-blocking Vanessa after she asks him to help her get a date with a hot personal trainer and he uses the opportunity to begin training with the guy .
Lucifer ( Fox , 8:00 p.m. ) – Season three ends with Lucifer doing everything in his power to get his devil face back and Trixie questioning her relationship with her dad after meeting Charlotte .
The Great Christmas Light Fight ( ABC , 8:00 p.m. ) – More families enter their over-the-top decorations into the competition . Tonight , a synchronized light show in Florida , and 80 foot tall Christmas tree in Pennsylvania , and a patriotic display in North Dakota get their time in the spotlight .
The Voice ( NBC , 8:00 p.m. ) – The Top 8 artists team up for competitive mash-up duets .
Man With a Plan ( CBS , 8:30 p.m. ) – Andi helps Kate fight for a spot on the boys ' soccer team and points out Adam 's unconscious bias in his hiring methods when he only interviews men for a new job . In other words , Andi 's really putting in work this episode .
Superior Donuts ( CBS , 9:00 p.m. ) – Franco tries to get Arthur and the rest of the shop into the holiday spirit when he offers to help a homeless man get back on his feet and Tush and Sweatpants compete to be the more popular Santa .
Valor ( CW , 9:00 p.m. ) — The Shadow Raiders are sent out on a mission which , if successful , could mean a dire outcome for Nora and Gallo .
9JKL ( CBS , 9:30 p.m. ) – Harry and Judy land background roles after visiting the set of Josh 's new movie and making an impression on the director .
Scorpion ( CBS , 10:00 p.m. ) – The team tries to get their minds off Cabe 's possible prison stint by focusing their energy on trying to save a dog stuck in a cistern .
Tarantula ( TBS , 10:00/10:30 p.m. ) – A friend 's romance troubles force Echo to intervene . Later , Echo must save a man 's life after his egg-frying antics cause problems .
The Bachelor : Countdown to Arie ( ABC , 10:00 p.m. ) — A preview of Season 22 features a look at Arie Luyendyk Jr. 's life , his family and love of racing , including his journey to find love with one of America 's favorite Bachelorettes , Emily Maynard , and how his heart was broken . In other words , ABC 's hoping you take pity on a wealthy white guy because a woman rejected him .
Better Late than Never ( NBC , 10:00 p.m. ) — Henry Winkler , William Shatner , George Foreman , Terry Bradshaw , and comedian Jeff Dye preview the second season of their travel series by heading to Munich , Berlin , Lithuania , Sweden , Barcelona , Madrid , and Morocco .
LATE NIGHT GUESTS
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon : Zendaya , Billy Crudup , Big Sean & Metro Boomin
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert : Matt Damon , Rahm Emanuel , Juanes
Late Night With Seth Meyers : Anthony Anderson , Hong Chau , Amanda Seales , Mark Guiliana
The Late Late Show With James Corden : James Franco , Dave Franco , Hanson
The Daily Show With Trevor Noah : Pete Souza
Conan : Ed Helms , Fareed Zakaria , Electric Guest
After narrowly losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers without Kyrie Irving and Gordon Hayward , the Boston Celtics have arguably too many good players on their roster . Does that mean they should maneuver this offseason ?
Art healing the pain of loss : That 's what one California man hopes he is doing in the wake of the wildfire that scorched Sonoma County last year .
Gregory Roberts , who runs the Art Department at Sonoma State University , is taking the ashes from the charred remains of homes residents bring him and turning each bag of ashes into a glazed container , ABC station KGO reported .
KGO
The containers are based on Santa Rosa 's famous Fountaingrove Round Barn .
KGO
It is part of Gregory 's “ Sonoma Ash Project . ”
Roberts , an expert on ceramics , went on social media asking wildfire victims to bring him their ashes for transformation into clay .
`` Dogs , pets , my grandparent 's ashes were lost and might be in here , somewhere… , ” Roberts told KGO of the bags he has received .
Many of the bags come with notes telling him how the ash might be saved from specific rooms or special places . In some cases , the ashes have been from where a pet disappeared , of from where a family stored the remains of a loved one .
KGO
“ I always wanted to be a village potter , '' Roberts told KGO . `` I just want people to have something beautiful to hold from what they have lost . ”
There 's also an element in the beta which uses the camera app to scan for a QR code and ask for your Apple ID , although there 's even less known about how that would work .
It 's not certain when this feature will be ready , assuming it survives . While it could show up in the finished version of iOS 11.3 , Apple has been known to push back or cut features . AirPlay 2 was originally expected to show up in an iOS 11.2 release , but Apple pulled it and eventually moved it to 11.3 . Mind you , it 's easy to see this showing up soon . The company already has a single sign-on option for Apple TV users with a similar goal : take the headaches out of logging in to all the services you use .
With the Supreme Court poised to rule on a case that could end the federal ban on sports gambling , more than a third of U.S. states are considering legislation to get in on the action , and professional leagues and casino interests are lobbying against each other for the biggest cut of the winnings .
The push to legalize betting on sports has already led to fractures in an uneasy alliance that had developed between leagues and gambling legalization advocates before Supreme Court arguments last fall .
The NBA and Major League Baseball have been asking states to give them 1 percent of the total amount wagered on their games , calling it an `` integrity fee '' so they can protect their products and snuff out attempts at cheating and game-fixing .
`` Now , let 's be clear — that 's just a euphemism for a cut of the action , '' Joe Asher , CEO of William Hill U.S. , a sports book operator , told New York state lawmakers in January . `` There will be plenty of financial benefits to the leagues . ''
Gambling proponents say kicking back that much to the leagues would make sports books unprofitable and prevent a legal , regulated betting market from developing . They 're seeking an arrangement similar to what exists in Nevada , where the state takes 6.75 percent of winnings on top of a federal tax of 0.25 percent of the amount wagered .
Casinos have a built-in edge when it comes to battling in statehouses . Casinos are legal in 40 states ; the commercial companies and American Indian tribes that run them are well-versed in dealing with regulators and state lawmakers . The NBA and MLB , on the other hand , are new to lobbying states on gambling and have sometimes relied upon the bully pulpit of their commissioners to get their point across .
`` The leagues feel like they 're out of their element , and that 's making them uncomfortable , '' said Kevin Braig , a Columbus , Ohio-based attorney , gambling industry analyst and handicapper . `` The gaming industry lobbies all the states . I think it goes even beyond that : They 're almost partners in what they 're doing . They have a very close relationship because they have very closely overlapping interests . ''
Before the Supreme Court heard New Jersey 's challenge to the 1992 federal law limiting sports betting to the four states that already had laws on the books , casino interests — and their influential trade group , the American Gaming Association — were encouraged by the professional leagues ' changing attitudes about gambling , even as leagues argued before the justices that the ban should remain . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has said betting should be legalized and MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred has said it could enhance fan interest in the sport . Although the NFL remains publicly opposed to gambling , Commissioner Roger Goodell has said his position has `` evolved . ''
The NFL and the NCAA have sat out the debate entirely in states considering legislation . That 's despite the fact that 31 percent of sports gambling winnings in Nevada last year came from football bets , and more is wagered on college basketball 's NCAA Tournament than on the Super Bowl .
The NBA and MLB argue their reputations are on the line because of the possibility of games being fixed . Sports fans are still familiar with the Black Sox scandal of 1919 , Pete Rose 's lifetime banishment from baseball for betting on games and a point-shaving scandal involving former NBA referee Tim Donaghy .
`` The damage from even a hint of scandal will hurt the sports leagues far worse than anyone else , '' said Bryan Seeley , senior vice president and deputy general counsel at MLB .
`` The NBA spends billions of dollars each year creating the games that would serve as the foundation for legalized sports betting , while bearing all of the risk and therefore incurring enormous additional expenses for compliance and enforcement , '' NBA spokesman Mike Bass said . `` As a result , we believe it is reasonable for operators to compensate the NBA with a small percentage of the total amount bet on our games . ''
State regulators monitor wagering 24/7 in Nevada , and the leagues pay contractors to monitor overseas bets .
Casinos argue that sports books do n't make much money and are really there to get gamblers in the door . Unlike blackjack or slots , where casinos have a house edge , sports books make money by encouraging individual gamblers to each side of a wager , and then charging a percentage for placing the bet . Casinos say leagues will benefit from enhanced fan interest and gambling-company sponsorships .
Bills to legalize sports betting have been introduced in 18 states . This month , West Virginia approved a bill that would legalize sports betting immediately if the Supreme Court allows it . A decision by the court is expected this spring .
Mississippi , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania have also already authorized sports gambling . New York is considering whether to expand a law already on the books to allow sports gambling at racetracks and betting parlors . In Iowa , a bill to authorize sports books has advanced out of committee .
The states that have only introduced bills or are not as far along in the process are California , Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Michigan , Missouri , Oklahoma , Rhode Island and South Carolina .
The NBA and MLB have n't successfully sold lawmakers on a 1 percent cut so far , although the New York bill was amended to give 0.25 percent of the amount wagered to the leagues .
West Virginia 's new law does n't kick back anything to the leagues . Manfred said it has `` serious problems '' and benefits `` only the gaming industry . '' He may have found a sympathetic ear in Republican Gov . Jim Justice , who allowed the bill to become law without his signature and urged lawmakers to consider partnering with the leagues .
While 1 percent may not sound like a lot , sports books generally hold onto only around 5 percent of what 's wagered . That means a 1 percent tax on the handle can siphon away about 20 percent of gambling revenue . Add state and federal taxes , and casinos may find sports books to be a sucker bet .
Sara Slane , senior vice president of public affairs at the American Gaming Association , said the proposed fee runs counter to the leagues ' and casinos ' shared goal of curtailing illegal gambling .
`` If you are trying to stamp out the illegal market and drive more traffic to the legal , regulated market , '' Slane said , `` you 're not going to be able to accomplish that with this type of business model . ''
America 's Recording Academy president Neil Portnow has denied Beyonce 's losing out on the top prizes at the Grammy Awards was due to racial bias .
The Formation singer , 35 , won the Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video prizes at Sunday 's ceremony but lost to Adele in the prestigious Record , Song and Album of the Year categories .
With her unexpected loss meaning no female African-American artist has won in the Album of the Year category since Lauryn Hill in 1999 , fans and musicians including Beyonce 's sister Solange and St. Vincent have accused Recording Academy voters of being biased against non-white artists .
Sufjan Stevens burns the Grammys over @ Beyonce snub https : //t.co/xdflfjXR1G — Pitchfork ( @ pitchfork ) February 14 , 2017
Portnow has denied the claims however , saying that members of his organisation are experts who are unswayed by the race of an artist .
“ No , I do n't think there 's a race problem at all , ” he told Pitchfork Media . “ Remember , this is a peer-voted award . So when we say the Grammys , it 's not a corporate entity - it 's the 14,000 members of the Academy .
Grammys ' Portnow : `` You do n't get Chance the Rapper as Best New Artist if you have a membership that is n't diverse '' https : //t.co/N3BCb7Mxpn — Pitchfork ( @ pitchfork ) February 14 , 2017
“ They have to qualify in order to be members , which means they have to have recorded and released music , and so they are sort of the experts and the highest level of professionals in the industry . ”
Even Adele was shocked to beat Beyonce , whose pioneering visual album Lemonade was hailed by critics as one of 2016 's defining cultural moments .
Defending the Academy 's members from the accusations , Portnow added , “ We do n't , as musicians , in my humble opinion , listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity . When you go to vote on a piece of music - at least the way that I approach it - is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen . ”
The Recording Academy Chief cited Chance the Rapper 's win in the Best New Artist category as evidence voters honoured musicians of all backgrounds .
He also denied his organisation needed a membership shake-up like the one the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) chiefs embarked upon after no non-white actors were nominated at the 2016 Oscars .
“ Well , they may have had a problem , ” he explained . “ We do n't have that kind of issue in that same fashion . ”
From the Crikey grapevine , the latest tips and rumours …
The other share economy . A speakerphone call between Karl and Peter Stefanovic , apparently recorded ( or , more legally “ memorised ” ) by an Uber driver has prompted two lines of inquiry in the media . First , what did the call reveal ? And second , what 's the morality of the Uber driver sharing what he heard with the press ?
It 's that time of year . Holiday cheer , the spirit of giving , and scammers looking to take advantage . One of those is not like the others . Liz Koh is live with a look at what you should be watching out for and where to go if you think you have been scammed . Click here for more
RELATED STORIES : Is this a scam
Plus , there is a big deadline today for many flood victims . We 'll fill you in . Click here for more
WEATHER :
It 's a cold morning with temperatures in the low to mid 30°s . A few spots are at or just below the freezing mark this morning . We should see another degree or two of drop in temperatures this morning before a quick warm up occurs by late morning . Skies will remain clear .
CLICK HERE for more weather
INTERACTIVE RADAR
TRAFFIC :
LOCAL NEWS :
NATIONAL NEWS :
ENTERTAINMENT :
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
EDITOR 'S NOTE : Updated at 12:30 a.m. EST ( 0530 GMT ) on Feb. 3 after liftoff .
Video credit : JAXA
A modified sounding rocket originally designed to loft science instruments on high-altitude suborbital arcs blasted off Saturday from the Uchinoura Space Center in southern Japan in a bid to become the world 's smallest satellite launcher .
The SS-520-5 rocket lifted off at 0503 GMT ( 12:03 a.m. EST ; 2:03 p.m. Japan Standard Time ) , the opening of a 10-minute window .
It was supposed to release a small satellite into orbit seven-and-a-half minutes later , but no immediate word on the outcome of the flight was available from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
A live webcast of the launch provided by JAXA experienced technical difficulties , but it briefly showed the SS-520-5 launcher soaring into a clear afternoon sky .
Standing just 31 feet ( 9.5 meters ) tall and spanning around 20 inches ( 52 centimeters ) in diameter , the SS-520-5 rocket was modest by launcher standards . If the flight is successful , the solid-fueled booster will become the smallest rocket to ever put an object in orbit around Earth .
A student-built shoebox-sized CubeSat named TRICOM 1R — weighing in at about 10 pounds ( 3 kilograms ) — was mounted on top of the SS-520-5 rocket for liftoff from the Uchinoura Space Center in Japan 's Kagoshima prefecture .
The SS-520-5 rocket was programmed to head east from Uchinoura over the Pacific Ocean with the TRICOM 1R payload .
Billed as an experimental test flight , Saturday 's launch came a year after Japan first tried to turn the SS-520 sounding rocket into a launcher capable of placing a small satellite into orbit .
The so-called SS-520-4 rocket failed to reach orbit Jan. 14 , 2017 , when ground teams lost contact with the vehicle around 20 seconds after liftoff , when the booster 's first stage was still firing . Investigators traced the problem to a power supply failure in the rocket 's telemetry and command system , which was likely caused by a damaged wire that caused a short circuit .
Japanese officials decided to attempt the test flight again in the wake of last year 's mishap . Saturday 's launch profile was expected to closely match the flight plan attempted last year , heading to the same target orbit with a copy of the TRICOM 1 CubeSat lost on the SS-520-4 launch .
The SS-520-5 booster is based on Japan 's SS-520 sounding rocket , a two-stage vehicle developed by IHI Aerospace and JAXA 's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science , which has flown twice on suborbital research missions from Uchinoura and Svalbard , Norway , in 1998 and 2000 .
The SS-520 is designed to propel more than 300 pounds ( 140 kilograms ) of science research instrumentation to an altitude of nearly 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) for a few minutes of exposure to space before falling back to Earth .
Engineers added a third stage on top of the basic SS-520 booster to give it the capability to reach orbital speeds of more than 17,000 mph ( 27,000 kilometers per hour ) .
According to JAXA documents , the SS-520-5 weighed nearly 2.9 tons ( 2.6 metric tons ) at launch , with nearly 2.2 tons ( 2 metric tons ) of that weight made up of pre-packed solid propellants . The SS-520-5 's first stage , fitted with spin-stabilizing fins , was loaded with nearly 3,500 pounds ( 1,587 kilograms ) of HTPB solid fuel .
A gaseous nitrogen thruster package was supposed to keep the SS-520-5 rocket pointed correctly during a one-and-a-half minute coast phase between the launcher 's first and second stage burns .
The second and third stages were to consume 716 pounds ( 325 kilograms ) and 172 pounds ( 78 kilograms ) of propellant , respectively .
The rocket targeted an orbit ranging between 111 miles ( 180 kilometers ) and 932 miles ( 1,500 kilometers ) in altitude , with an inclination of 31 degrees .
Here 's an overview of the SS-520-5 rocket 's flight sequence :
T+plus 31.7 seconds — First stage burnout at an altitude of 85,000 feet ( 26 kilometers )
— First stage burnout at an altitude of 85,000 feet ( 26 kilometers ) T+plus 1 minute , 7.0 seconds — Nose cone separation at an altitude of 265,000 feet ( 81 kilometers )
— Nose cone separation at an altitude of 265,000 feet ( 81 kilometers ) T+plus 1 minute , 8.0 seconds — First stage separation
— First stage separation T+plus 1 minute , 10.5 seconds — Nitrogen attitude control system activation
— Nitrogen attitude control system activation T+plus 1 minute , 57.6 seconds — Nitrogen attitude control ends
— Nitrogen attitude control ends T+plus 2 minutes , 27.0 seconds — Attitude control package jettisoned
— Attitude control package jettisoned T+plus 2 minutes , 37.0 seconds — Flight assessment before second stage ignition
— Flight assessment before second stage ignition T+plus 2 minutes , 44.0 seconds — Second stage ignition command sent
— Second stage ignition command sent T+plus 3 minutes — Second stage ignition at an altitude of 111 miles ( 179 kilometers )
— Second stage ignition at an altitude of 111 miles ( 179 kilometers ) T+plus 3 minutes , 24.4 seconds — Second stage burnout at a speed of 8,050 mph ( 3.6 kilometers per second )
— Second stage burnout at a speed of 8,050 mph ( 3.6 kilometers per second ) T+plus 3 minutes , 55.0 seconds — Second stage separation
— Second stage separation T+plus 3 minutes , 58.0 seconds — Third stage ignition
— Third stage ignition T+plus 4 minutes , 23.6 seconds — Third stage burnout
— Third stage burnout T+plus 7 minutes , 30.0 seconds — TRICOM 1R separation
Developed by the University of Tokyo , the TRICOM 1R CubeSat carries a store and forward communications radio and Earth-imaging cameras .
The project to test the SS-520 sounding rocket 's suitability as a satellite launcher was led by the Japanese Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry . While there are no existing plans to commercialize the uprated SS-520 as a satellite launcher , Japanese government officials said the project aims to validate low-cost technology and launch operations procedures for a future “ nano-launcher ” to deploy tiny satellites in orbit on dedicated rides .
Several companies have similar small satellite launchers in development , and one has successfully placed payloads into orbit .
Rocket Lab 's Electron rocket , capable of placing up to 330 miles ( 150 kilograms ) into a circular sun-synchronous polar orbit , successfully flew for the first time in January . The orbital demonstration flight came eight months after the first Electron rocket fell short of orbit due to a ground tracking system error .
Email the author .
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter : @ StephenClark1 .
Australia 's Speedo swimwear for next year 's Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast has been unveiled at the Queensland Swimming Championships in Brisbane .
The swimwear will be worn by Australian swimmers and divers at Gold Coast 2018 .
Cameron McEvoy , the double Olympic and Commonwealth Games medallist , was among the athletes who modelled the `` fastskin '' racing suits at the event at the Brisbane Aquatic Centre .
McEvoy was joined by fellow Commonwealth Games gold medallists Emma McKeon , Mack Horton and Brit Elmslie and Jake Packard , who won an Olympic bronze at last year 's Games in Rio de Janeiro .
Divers Maddison Keeney and Domonic Bedggood , along with up and coming swim stars Clyde Lewis and Minna Atherton , also displayed the swimwear .
`` Speedo and the Australian Commonwealth Games team have a long history of success together , '' Commonwealth Games Australia chief executive Craig Phillips said .
Cameron McEvoy was among the swimmers to model the Gold Coast 2018 swimwear ©Getty Images
`` Speedo swimwear has been worn to success by so many Australian athletes in the pool at Commonwealth Games .
“ We look forward to that success continuing at Gold Coast 2018 , with memorable performances from our swimming and diving teams .
“ The Speedo team has done a wonderful job creating a uniquely Australian design that our athletes can wear proudly in front of a passionate home crowd . ''
The swimwear is due to go on sale to the Australian public in February , two months prior to the Commonwealth Games , which run from April 4 to 15 .
`` The solar burst design is perfect for a game in Queensland the Sunshine state , '' said McKeon .
`` I really like that the training suit design is also part of a replica range so that all swimmers can wear the same as their favourite Aussie athlete just like they can with their favorite team sports . ''
Recreational fishermen will have more days to catch red snapper in federal waters , according to reports .
Louisiana Sportsman magazine is reporting officials from Gulf Coast states and federal ones have agreed on a 39-day red snapper season .
The magazine stated the season will start Friday , June 16 and end on Labor Day , which is Monday , September 4 . It added the time includes fishing allowed on the Monday and Tuesday of the July 4th holiday weekend .
There was a meeting held Monday in which officials were expected to agree on a 27-day option , but the longer one was agreed upon .
RELATED : Federal red snapper season could reopen , but with a catch
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago , tuberculosis nearly derailed his career .
This year , the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup .
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out . It was found to be tuberculosis , which put him in the hospital for five months . Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs .
`` That would have ended my career , I needed guardian angels to take me away , '' Silva said this week at the Brazilian team 's training camp in London . `` I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year . It is different for me to play there . I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy . ''
Silva , who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar , never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup . In Russia , though , Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite .
Another PSG player , Marquinhos , and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil 's matches in the last two years .
When Silva had his health issues in 2005 , it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs .
`` I knew Thiago from Brazil , took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia , '' Wortmann , who is also Brazilian , told The Associated Press .
Silva 's mother , Angela , and his wife , Isabelle , also thought the surgery was unnecessary .
`` I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream , '' Isabelle said . `` I am not a doctor , but no one believed he should go through surgery .
The snow has arrived and some schools and roads are closed .
Here is a full round-up of all the closures to keep you informed and get you ready for today - Monday , December 11 .
Dogara canvasses shift of 2018 national headcount
Speaker of the House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara Monday canvassed a shift in the proposed 2018 census in the Interest of the country .
The Speaker explained that his position was premised on the need to avoid the politicisation of the outcome of the headcount which had been a source of dispute between the northern and southern part of the country in the past .
Dogara , who bared his mind on the issue in a statement , enjoined those pushing for the head count in 2018 to exercise patience till after 2019 elections when there will be no political pressure to manipulate its outcome .
He argued that conducting population census in an election year may generate unrealistic results , and therefore advised that the next administration should conduct the census at the beginning of its tenure when there is n't so much at stake at the time .
Said he : “ I wo n't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018 . I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017 , then we should just forget it until after 2019 .
“ If you conduct census at the niche of elections , there will be so much pressure , crisis and the lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons , such that the agency can not even cope with . So it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight . Then we may have something that resembles reality , but I can bet you if the census is conducted in 2018 , the outcome will be doubtable .
“ Seriously speaking , because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigations , backlashes , the pressure and we do n't need that now to be candid . We have so many challenges , let 's empower the agencies to keep building on the blocks that they will leverage on in the future in order to do the exercise but doing it in 2018 , honestly it is nothing I would advocate . ”
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Like most human beings on this big blue marble , we loath change . From our daily routine to our favorite TV shows to the most anticipated Mustang and Ford events of the year . Change brings out the fear in all of us . I have to get up earlier now to get to work on time ? My favorite show is moving to Thursday nights and conflicts with another show I watch ? My “ kick off ” Mustang event is not returning next year and this is the last one ? Yep , we hate change ! So when we heard shortly after 2017 's Silver Springs Ford & Mustang Roundup that the event would be holding a final show in 2018 we knew we had to be there , even if it meant a knot in our stomach as we said goodbye to all of the attendees we 've met over the years that kept coming back year after year .
Since its inception by local Mustang clubs we 've attended every single event . Early on it was as an attendee in our Fox Mustang , for a few years we even tag-teamed it with the wife , bringing her Explorer Sport Trac . After the first few years National Parts Depot , based nearby in Ocala , Florida , was so impressed with the event NPD 's Rick Schmidt offered to pre-pay the first 1,000 vehicle entries and take over running the show , using staff from NPD 's Ocala location . The show became huge and was THE show to begin each year 's show season with people coming from as far away as Canada to attend each year . As the show got bigger Mustang Monthly and sister brand Muscle Mustangs & Fast Fords stepped up as sponsors . From then out we 've been on the grounds covering the show each year , sharing project cars with a vehicle display , and handing out “ Editor 's Choice ” awards to our favorite rides .
Every year NPD displayed special vehicles on the main show stage ( which was traditionally used for concerts at the venue ) . Some years it tied to an anniversary , others it was just because the cars were cool . The stage saw everything from Shelby and Saleen Mustang anniversaries to anniversaries of a specific Ford model and so on . It was a treat to see what was on display each year , many of them coming from the private NPD vehicle collection that is housed at the Ocala location .
In later years the two day show was shortened to a one day show . As much as the NPD staff tried to keep attendees in place for the Sunday awards ( the show was always popular vote ballot with no formal judging , which is why it was so popular ) the show 's early event date in January often meant cold and inclement weather , even for Florida . Often the show field would be less than half on Sunday of what it was on Saturday and would be quite disheartening to call out award winners and 70 percent of them had already left Saturday evening or Sunday morning for home . The one day format certainly helped come awards time , and it saved a little on budget too ( one less hotel day , one less day of eating out , etc . ) .
In October 2013 the Silver Springs attraction , which had various owners over the years , relinquished ownership to the state of Florida . The Silver River State Park gained 231 additional acres with the acquisition of the headsprings area and surrounding land . Part of this move included Silver Springs ' famous glass bottom boat rides , an attraction in itself that had been around more than 100 years . While this was a great addition to the Florida State Parks ecosystem , it was quite possibly the end of the annual Ford & Mustang Roundup .
With but two months before the 2014 Silver Springs show Rick Schmidt and his staff at NPD pulled off the impossible and the show did indeed go on . The major changes , including the removal of various children 's rides , the Jeep safari tour , and more meant there was less for people to do , and that was one of the big draws of the old show . A family could come out and everyone had something to do and enjoy . Suffice to say , attendance dropped . At the end of the day the confluence of reduced attendance , reduced attractions for families and kids , combined with the herculean effort it took to produce and execute the show each year caused Rick Schmidt to decide “ Let 's call it a day , but let 's go out with a BANG ! ”
Several have asked why not just move the show to the NPD grounds in Ocala , as they have a large parking area . The truth is , the parking lot , while large , is nowhere near as large as the park 's acreage , and the last thing Rick Schmidt wanted to do was turn the show into yet another parking lot show on asphalt with nothing for the family to do . That was the big attraction at Silver Springs and why NPD became involved in the show early on to support it . Does it mean the show will never come back ? Never say never , but for now , we will simply have to enjoy the memories and friends we 've made over the last 24 years . Until then !
NPD 24th annual Ford & Mustang Roundup Car Show Winners Balloted Awards Name and model 1964½ to 1966 Mustang : Lewis Mesta , 1966 Mustang 1967 to 1968 Mustang : Doug Hoar , 1968 Mustang 1969 to 1970 Mustang : Pete Geisler , 1970 Mustang Boss 302 1971 to 1973 Mustang : Robert Chrisman , 1971 Mustang Mach 1 1974 to 1986 Mustang : Mark Patterson , 1978 Mustang II 1987 to 1993 Mustang : Scott Schramm , 1993 Mustang Cobra 1994 to 1998 Mustang : Pattie Allen , 1995 Mustang Boss Shinoda 1999 to 2004 Mustang : Mark Massey , 2000 Mustang Cobra R 2005 to 2009 Mustang : Jeremy McCabe , 2005 Mustang 2010 to 2014 Mustang : Jon Kister , 2014 Mustang coupe 2015-Present Mustang : Dean Santiago , 2016 Mustang GT 1965 to 1970 Shelby : Ronnie Dasher , 1968 Shelby GT 350 fastback 2006-Present Shelby : JC Mendoza , 2011 Shelby GT 500 Saleen/Roush : Lou LaDella , 2009 Roush 427 Falcon/Comet : Dewayne Smith , 1963 Falcon Exotic / Pantera : David Archibald , 1974 Pantera Cobra Replica : Nate Pritzker , 1965 Cobra 427 SC replica 1948-Earlier Ford : Mike Gibson , 1936 Ford 5 window coupe 1949-Later Ford : Larry Long , 1957 Ford Fairlane 500 1962-1976 Intermediate : Charle Papalia , 1972 Ford Gran Torino Sport CJ Street Rod : Pete Zorge , 1932 Ford Roadster Truck 1948-1979 : Tom Gerardi , 1969 F-250 Truck 1980-Present : John Macolino , 2000 Lightning T-Bird 1955-1957 : Steve Thornton , 1957 T-Bird T-Bird 1958-Present : Wayne Settlemeyer , 1965 T-Bird Cougar : Jason Cunningham , 1970 Cougar Eliminator Maverick/Comet : Chip Crenshaw , 1974 Mercury Comet Best Mustang : Louis Toth , 1965 Mustang fastback Best Ford : Joe Fladd , 1971 F-100 Best of Show : Martin Eisner , 1937 Ford 5 window coupe
Becky Measures has strongly defended her mother , Wendy Watson .
As reported earlier , the Charity Commission has issued its first official warning to the National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline - which Mrs Watson established in 1996 - after it made 'unauthorised payments ' .
In a public message to her mother , Mrs Measures said : `` All you have ever done is care .
`` You 've travelled thousands of miles to be there for people who have had no one and invested your time and money - so much so you have been credited for it in various forms ; an MBE etc .
`` You have saved the NHS millions of pounds but more importantly you have saved lives .
`` Not one person can take that away from you no matter how deluded and narrow minded they are .
`` We shall rise strong and it is obvious from the countless emails and messages you and I have had that this is the case . ''
RELATED STORY : 'Wendy Watson is a truly amazing and selfless woman '
Just left hospital . Rep. Steve Scalise , one of the truly great people , is in very tough shape  but he is a real fighter . Pray for Steve !
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Chinese conglomerate HNA group on Wednesday said that Wang Jian , the firm 's chairman and co-founder , died during a business trip in the south of France .
Wang `` accidentally fell causing serious injury , and attempts to rescue him were ineffective , '' the firm said in a statement .
`` Together , we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model , whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him . ''
Read more : How dangerous are China 's shadow banks ?
The firm did not provide details on how he died . However , broadcaster France Bleu reported on Tuesday that a man fitting Wang 's description had fallen more than 10 meters ( 33 feet ) to his death while attempting to take a photo from a wall .
Local police officer Hubert Meriaux also said that `` witness accounts point to a likely accident '' in the case : `` He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get his family to take a picture of him and fell . '' However , Meriaux stressed that an autopsy was still pending .
Evolution of a Chinese company
Wang co-founded the firm in 1993 as a small provincial airline serving the Chinese province of Hainan . Since then , it has transformed into a Fortune 500 company , operating China 's four-largest airline and acquiring a 25-percent stake in Hilton Worldwide chain of hotels .
Last year , Beijing set its sight on HNA during a crackdown on risky financing , which had long fueled expansion for Chinese companies . The company has since sold off parts of its vast empire in aviation , tourism and financial services to manage its debt .
Read more : Will China 's high debt levels spark a financial crisis ?
HNA Group controls an 8.8 percent stake in Deutsche Bank . The company was listed 170 on Fortune 500 Global list in 2017 with $ 53.3 billion ( €62 billion ) in revenue .
ls/msh ( AP , AFP )
Each evening at 1830 UTC , DW 's editors send out a selection of the day 's hard news and quality feature journalism . You can sign up to receive it directly here .
2 boys die of suffocation after getting stuck in car for 9 hrs
Press Trust of India , New Delhi , Oct 6 2017 , 19:15 IST
The two cousins were playing inside a car owned by the father of one of the boys , said a senior police officer , adding that the car was parked near the owner 's house . File Photo for representation .
In a tragic incident , two boys , aged four and five respectively , died of suffocation after being stuck in a car for close to nine hours in outer Delhi 's Ranhola , the police said today .
The incident was reported on October 3 .
The two cousins were playing inside a car owned by the father of one of the boys , said a senior police officer , adding that the car was parked near the owner 's house .
At around 1 pm , the owner of the car , who works as a taxi driver , locked the vehicle through central locking , without realising that the children were in it , the officer said .
After a few hours , when the family members realised that the children were missing , they rushed to the police station in a neighbour 's car to file a complaint .
Meanwhile , one of the relatives of the boys unlocked the door of the car in which the children got stuck and found them in an unconscious state , the officer said .
The boys were rushed to a hospital where they were declared `` brought dead '' by the doctors . The post-mortem report said they died due to suffocation . There were burn injuries on their body .
Taipei , Feb. 3 ( CNA ) Contrary to media reports , neither the president nor vice president of Taiwan is planning to visit the country 's diplomatic allies in Africa and the Caribbean soon , the Presidential Office said Saturday .
The statement was made in response to reporters ' questions about a story in the Apple Daily , which said Saturday that President Tsai Ing-wen ( 蔡英文 ) is scheduled this year to visit four of Taiwan 's diplomatic allies in the Caribbean and two in Africa .
Presidential Office spokesman Sidney Lin ( 林鶴明 ) , however , told the press that there are currently no plans in place for such visits by either Tsai or Vice President Chen Chien-jen ( 陳建仁 ) .
When any visits by Taiwan 's two top leaders are scheduled , the Presidential Office usually informs the public , Lin said , dismissing the report as speculation .
The countries mentioned in the report were Swaziland and Burkina Faso in Africa , and St. Kitts and Nevis , St. Lucia , and St. Vincent and the Grenadines in the Caribbean .
According to news media in St. Vincent and the Grenadines , Taiwan 's Minister of Foreign Affairs David Lee paid an official visit there on Feb. 1 and signed two agreements for Taiwan to provide assistance in the areas of health and information security .
The Crocker is the city 's must-see institution , but make your first stop the smaller California Museum ( $ 9 ) , which is based at the State Archives and is home to the California Hall of Fame , which , besides celebrating famous Californians , offers an overview of the state 's history from the Spanish missions era to Japanese internment during World War II , indigenous peoples to Hollywood 's Red Scare . Afterward , take a walk through the 40-acre , Victorian-style Capitol Park , where there is a trout pond , a cactus garden and a collection of native plants representing every county in this heterogenous state .
2 ) 4:30 p.m. CALIFORNIA CRAFTED
Cruise down to the R Street Corridor , a former railroad yard and industrial area , now home to intriguing shops and designers . For hyper-curated outdoor clothing and gear with a city-streets-meets-Redwood forests sensibility — think fleece sweatshirts in vibrant colors — head to the Good flagship store , which also organizes hiking , surfing and bouldering trips in California and beyond .
Down the street , the Warehouse Artist Lofts Public Market has a small but enticing food court with excellent poke — the Hawaiian-style raw fish salad that 's sweeping California — at Fish Face Poke Bar and an exciting collection of shops : midcentury wares and records at Kicksville Vinyl & Vintage , where you can find everything from 45s to atomic age lamps ; and fabulously retro vintage clothing at Old Gold . For admirers of bespoke clothing , Benjamins crafts shoes — like a $ 375 boot made of leather from the Chicago tannery Horween , which takes 16 to 20 weeks to deliver — on site .
Mr. Ruffin told him personally that he was going to get the job , showing up at his house very early in the morning , Mr. Edwards said . “ I thought he was kidding , ” he said .
But at his first show with the Temptations , and some later ones , he recalled , Mr. Ruffin showed up , leapt onstage and took the microphone from him to sing some of his older hits . In time he left Mr. Edwards alone .
Photo
Mr. Edwards joined the Temptations just as the group , under the direction of the producer and songwriter Norman Whitfield , was developing a grittier sound , one largely influenced by the psychedelic soul of Sly & the Family Stone and very different from their earlier songs , like “ My Girl ” and “ Ai n't Too Proud to Beg . ”
The other members of the group — Eddie Kendricks , Otis Williams , Melvin Franklin and Paul Williams — also sang lead , notably Mr. Kendricks . But Mr. Edwards was an essential part of the group 's new sound on songs like “ I Ca n't Get Next to You , ” “ Ball of Confusion ( That 's What the World Is Today ) ” and “ Shakey Ground . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Shortly after Mr. Edwards joined the group , the Temptations won their first Grammy , for the propulsive , upbeat “ Cloud Nine ” ( 1968 ) ; they won another for the funk anthem “ Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone ” ( 1971 ) . That song , like two other Temptations hits from that period — “ I Ca n't Get Next to You ” and “ Just My Imagination ” ( on which Mr. Kendricks sang lead ) — reached No . 1 on the Billboard pop singles chart .
The group received a lifetime achievement Grammy in 2013 .
Mr. Edwards left the Temptations in 1977 to pursue a solo career but rejoined them some years later . In 1989 , he was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame , along with the five members from the Temptations ' mid-1960s heyday .
Dennis Edwards was born to a preacher in Fairfield , Ala. , on Feb. 3 , 1943 , and grew up in Detroit . As a teenager he sang in a gospel group and studied music at the Detroit Conservatory of Music before signing with Motown in the late 1960s .
After parting ways with the Temptations , Mr. Edwards remained with Motown as a solo artist . In 1984 he had an R & B hit with “ Do n't Look Any Further , ” a duet with Siedah Garrett , which was later sampled for records featuring rappers like Rakim and Tupac Shakur .
In the 1990s , he toured with a group billed as Dennis Edwards and the Temptations , which led to a legal battle with Otis Williams about the use of the Temptations name . He settled by touring as the Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards .
Mr. Edwards 's marriage to Ruth Pointer , one of the Pointer Sisters , ended in divorce . His survivors include his wife , Brenda , with whom he lived in St. Louis ; five daughters , Issa Pointer , Maya Peacock , Denise Edwards , Alison Turner and Erika Thomas ; a son , Bernard Hubbard ; and grandchildren .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Last night marked the premiere of Horses : Patti Smith And Her Band , a concert documentary focused on the final show celebrating the 40th anniversary of her iconic Horses album . It debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City , and she ( and her band ) even played some songs after the screening . It was a short set , just six songs , and while they were all special , two of them were especially noteworthy thanks to some special guests during the final two songs .
First , Bruce Springsteen took the stage to join Smith on a rendition of “ Because The Night , ” which Springsteen co-wrote with Smith for her 1978 album Easter . Once the song was over , Springsteen stayed on stage with Smith , and they were joined by Smith 's daughter Jesse Paris Smith and R.E.M . frontman Michael Stipe for “ People Have The Power . ”
A trailer for the documentary was also just shared , and in it , Smith performs a rousing rendition of “ Land. ” The trailer also teases some of the behind the scenes footage that is in the movie , like Smith brushing her teeth and hanging out backstage . The film will begin streaming on Apple Music on May 22nd .
Watch the performances and the trailer above , and read our interview with Smith about the film here .
Many of the articles in this series about the casualties among the workmen on the Welland Ship Canal have focused upon those individuals who were recent immigrants to Canada from abroad .
Thomas W. Pollard was also a “ non-Canadian ” who died while on the job , but he was born in 1895 in Newfoundland when it was still a British colony . By the time of his accident in 1929 , it had dominion status within the British Empire , but would not enter into Canadian Confederation until 1949 , thereby becoming the country 's 10th province .
Pollard was the son of Abraham and Lillian ( Gillard ) Pollard . Few details are known about his early life . He was married in October 1912 to Hannah Mary Adams ( born December 1892 ) at Botwood , in the District of Twillingate , Newfoundland .
Hannah ( a.k.a . Annie or Anna ) was the daughter of Adam and Matilda ( Jenkins ) Adams . Two children were born as a result of this union , a son , Edward , and a daughter , Matilda .
In November 1917 , Pollard was certified as a fireman and was living at Reserve Mines in Cape Breton , N.S . At some point after this , the family moved to the Niagara area .
The 1921 census showed that the Pollard family lived on Burgar Street in Welland . Matilda Adams , Pollard 's mother-in-law , had remarried to Elkanah Sheppard , a carpenter who lived just one street away on Garner Avenue . Pollard was described in records at that time as being employed as a labourer . He and his family were active members in the Salvation Army , and Pollard served as a colour sergeant .
Pollard was eventually hired as an ironworker ( bridgeman ) by Canadian Bridge Co. On the morning of Sept. 7 , 1929 , he had reported to work at Bridge No . 5 which was under construction where the old St. David 's Road ( now Glendale Avenue ) crosses the canal . The newspaper account of the events of that day reported that Pollard and his co-worker , Murdock McArthur , were underneath the bridge , removing scaffolding and handing the planks to the workmen above . At the same time they were responsible for maintaining at a certain height the jacks that were under the bridge .
At about 11:20 a.m. , Pollard had climbed up onto a narrow lateral brace when he apparently slipped and lost his footing , and plunged headfirst 12 to 15 metres to his death . One worker reported that he saw something fly past him , and he realized immediately afterwards what had happened . Pollard “ landed on his head on the hard clay ” in the dry channel of the canal and died instantly .
A coroner 's jury was convened and returned a verdict of accidental death . An examination of the remains conducted by coroner Douglas V. Curry showed that Pollard had sustained a fractured skull , an extensive laceration of the brain and shock . The jury noted that Pollard had been engaged in this kind of work for several years , and was known to be a “ careful workman . ”
Funeral arrangements for Pollard were entrusted to Grobb Bros. , undertakers on St. Paul Street in St. Catharines . The funeral was held in the home of Elkanah Sheppard , and then proceeded to the Salvation Army hall or citadel . More than 300 mourners were in attendance , including family , friends , co-workers , members of Structural Iron Workers ' Union No . 434 , and members of the Welland Corps of the Salvation Army . “ A great profusion of floral offerings testified further to the esteem in which the deceased was held. ” Pollard was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery in Welland .
Pollard 's widow and children afterwards moved into her parents ' home on Garner Avenue . Fourteen months later , on Nov. 7 , 1930 , tragedy struck the family again when Anna Pollard , just 36 years of age , died at Welland County General Hospital from pleurisy and myocardial failure . She was survived by her two minor children , her mother Matilda , and her stepfather Elkanah . Anna was buried beside her husband at Woodlawn Cemetery , where a large tombstone was erected over their grave .
The two orphaned children , Edward , 17 , and Matilda , 13 , were then separated , the son being placed in the care of a children 's aid home while the daughter was adopted . The tragic circumstances of Pollard 's widow and children underscores just how the canal fatalities always had more than just one victim .
— This article is part of a series remembering the men whose lives were lost in the construction of the Welland Ship Canal . A memorial to honour the men was unveiled in November . The Welland Canal Fallen Workers Memorial is open to the public at Lock 3 next to the St. Catharines Museum and Welland Canals Centre . To learn more visit www.stcatharines.ca/canalworkersmemorial .
Profile No . 119
Thomas W. Pollard , 34
Born : 1895 ( Newfoundland )
Died : Sept. 7 , 1929 ( Section 2 , Bridge No . 5 , Grantham Township )
Cause of death : fractured skull from fall from bridge
Occupation : bridgeman , Canadian Bridge Co. Ltd .
Burial : Woodlawn Cemetery , Welland ( Section G , Row 1 , Grave 14 )
by Wes Carlton
Water temperature : 72 degrees , lake level : full pool , clarity : clear .
Bass : The bass bite has been great over the last few weeks . The warmer water temps have these fish feeding for several hours throughout the day . We have caught fish on everything from plastic worms to topwater Spooks . Most of the post-spawn fish seem to be feeding in 9 to 18 feet of water . Look for this bite to change quickly as the water is heating up fast . The underspin bite will soon pick up for the spotted bass . The largemouth swimbait bite will be an early morning bite as we roll into mid-June .
Trout : The brown trout have started schooling over the main lake channels . These fish have been chasing the small blue back herring schools up and down the lake the last few days . Sight fishing this time of year can produce some really big fish . My favorite casting lure is a Kastmaster spoon on light 6-pound line . We typically let the spoon sink for only a second or two and then work a jerk style retrieve back towards the boat . Just be prepared for that freight train bite . We have also caught some 5-pound spots with this technique . Look for the brown trout to start feeding early morning and later in the day over the next couple of weeks . The trolling bite should really be good as we head towards mid-June .
Good luck !
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Bogota , October 5 2017 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) - The US-based CITGO Petroleum Corporation — a subsidiary of Venezuela 's state oil company PDVSA — has announced that it will donate 50,000 barrels of oil to Puerto Rico to help in rescue efforts in the wake of Hurricane Maria .
The powerful hurricane hit Puerto Rico on September 20 causing catastrophic damage and killing at least 34 people . The storm took out the island 's national electricity grid and left the population without power and drinkable water .
CITGO 's donation will be used to power diesel generators in public hospitals , nursing homes , shelters and other organisations , a statement from the company said .
“ CITGO hopes this donation will help alleviate the suffering of the most vulnerable while electrical power is restored to the island , ” it continued .
The company said that the donation was aligned with its “ long-standing tradition ” of “ supporting disaster relief programs as part of social responsibility efforts ” in the communities where it operates .
The subsidiary likewise collaborated in recovery efforts in the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 , Hurricane Sandy in 2012 , and Hurricane Harvey which hit Texas earlier in September .
Following news of the donation , San Juan Mayor Carmel Yulin Cruz took to Twitter to thank CITGO for its “ generosity and sense of social responsibility ” .
Thanks to @ CITGO for its generosity and its sense of social responsibility . https : //t.co/9E08FC0Xri — Carmen Yulín Cruz ( @ CarmenYulinCruz ) October 5 , 2017
The Venezuelan government previously sent an oil shipment to the island at the end of September after the US Department of Homeland Security finally waived the Jones Act on September 28 following public criticism . The waiver means that shipping restrictions on Puerto Rico 's ports will be temporarily lifted for a period of ten days .
At the time , Cruz said that she would accept the shipment in spite of potential pressure from the US government , which approved economic sanctions against Venezuela in August .
“ I just received a call from Venezuela , which , making use of the elimination of the Jones Act for the next ten days , is going to send gasoline to San Juan , and we will share it with all of Puerto Rico , ” said the mayor on September 30 .
“ And for those who want to talk , the company CITGO is a Venezuelan company which … sells petrol in the US . So do n't tell me that I ca n't get gas from Venezuela , but the US can sell CITGO in the United States of America , ” she continued .
The Trump administration has been severely criticized for what opponents say has been a slow and inadequate response to Puerto Rico 's current crisis .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Freeville native Amy Dickinson answers your questions on relationships , family , work and more . Look for a new column every day and send your questions to askamy @ amydickinson.com .
An angry driver . ( Photo : Getty Images / iStockphoto )
Dear Amy : I just got back from shopping at a big box store . This was after a long week of work , so I was already tired .
In the store , people were pushing the too-big carts around , banging their carts off of each other , and all the while talking loudly on their cellphones .
There were long lines at the checkout , and there was a price issue with one of my items .
When I finally went to my car , I found the car next to me had pulled in so close to my car that I hardly had any room to get into my car and unload my groceries .
In frustration , I banged open my door , leaving a nick in the side of their car .
I feel terribly that I did that and wonder if it was a sign of my stress and impatience , or was this a character flaw , and perhaps I 'm really not the nice person people think I am ?
— Wondering
Dear Wondering : Surely you have noticed how sometimes in busy parking lots , one person parking off kilter can throw off the whole line , as people compensate — and perhaps overcompensate — as they pull into a space .
Human nature runs on a similar dynamic . You were having a bad day , so you deliberately gave someone else a bad day . And the person with the damaged car might have gone home and given his kids a bad day .
I think you probably ARE the nice person others think you are . And yes , you are also flawed , just like the rest of us .
Make this right by giving yourself — and everybody within a five-mile radius — a big break . Every person out there has a story , even those playing bumper cars at the big box store . Take a breath . Be gentle . And the next time you are having a great day , spread that around .
Dear Amy : I recently cut off ties from my emotionally abusive father . I have no regrets .
Unfortunately , now my grandparents are giving me the cold shoulder .
My dad spends every weekend with them and relies heavily on them . My grandma still does his laundry and they help him financially .
It really hurts that they would cut my children and me out of their lives , just because I do n't have a relationship with him .
My father allowed my stepmother to belittle me . After she divorced him , he got all the sympathy , and I got nothing — not even an apology .
Without a mother actively in my life , my grandmother was a mother to me .
On my birthday a few weeks ago , I received a card signed curtly from my grandparents . This was very unusual . I believe I 'm being kicked out of the family .
I want to approach my grandmother , but she does n't do well with expressing emotion , and I do not see being able to explain my side of things without making her uncomfortable .
Am I supposed to accept that my family will never love me ?
— Left in the Dust
Dear Left : You view this cold shoulder from your grandmother as evidence that you are not being loved . I hope you can see the distinction between not feeling loved and not being loved .
You have already noted that she is completely entwined with your father . Given her limitations and the level of her enabling of her adult son , imagine — what choice does she have ?
Your family seems to operate on a wave length where much is implied , but little is verbally expressed . You might be able to shift this dynamic by expressing yourself , judiciously , honestly , and with emotion .
Because relationships in your family are so epically challenged right now , you should be brave enough to reach out to your grandmother , and ask for her patience and attention . Understand that she is loyal to her son . Do n't ask her to advocate for you . Tell her that you miss her and that you hope you and the kids will be able to spend time with her .
Tell her , “ I know that things are rough right now with Dad and me , but I hope we can stay close to you while I try to work on things . ”
Dear Amy : More response to “ Non-Hugger. ” I am an enthusiastic hugger , and I was in my early 20s — and had literally knocked someone down — before I learned to back off and ask permission before hugging someone .
But I did learn , and I have had people thank me for asking before diving at them with open arms .
— Christina
Dear Christina : Well done .
You can contact Amy Dickinson via email : askamy @ amydickinson.com . Readers may send postal mail to Amy Dickinson , c/o Tribune Content Agency , 16650 Westgrove Drive , Suite 175 , Addison , Texas , 75001 .
Read or Share this story : http : //ithacajr.nl/2wBONuu
President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers .
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha , Wisconsin , where he plans to sign an order dubbed `` Buy American , Hire American , '' said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president 's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources .
The officials said the order , which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc. , would direct the departments of Homeland Security , Justice , Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse . Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the `` most-skilled or highest-paid applicants . ''
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages .
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects , as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects . The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president .
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements . The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be `` renegotiated or revoked . ''
During his campaign , Trump said at some point that he supported high-skilled visas , then came out against them . At one debate , he called for fully ending the program , saying : `` It 's very bad for our workers and it 's unfair for our workers . And we should end it . ''
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas , changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives .
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery . Many go to technology companies , which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers .
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans . The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work .
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders . Adding to the indignity : The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages .
On the planned order by Trump , Ronil Hira , a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program , said , `` It 's better than nothing . '' But he added , `` It 's not as aggressive as it needs to be . ''
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they ca n't always find enough American workers with the skills they need .
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program . One , introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans , a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system ; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses ; and give `` the best and brightest '' foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas .
Trump 's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin , a state he barely won in November . The visit also would take him to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan , who wo n't be joining the president because he 's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries .
Trump has traveled to promote his agenda less than his recent predecessors . White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit `` a company that builds American-made tools with American workers . ''
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making him the first Republican to win the state since 1984 . He campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states .
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920 , Snap-on makes hand and power tools , diagnostics software , information and management systems , and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries , including agriculture , the military and aviation . Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America , including one in Milwaukee . The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide .
———
Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report .
Photo
Facebook 's chief information security officer , Alex Stamos , will leave the company after internal disagreements over how the social network should deal with its role in spreading disinformation , according to current and former employees briefed on the matter .
Mr. Stamos had been a strong advocate inside the company for investigating and disclosing Russian activity on Facebook , often to the consternation of other top executives , including Sheryl Sandberg , the social network 's chief operating officer , according to the current and former employees , who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Interested in All Things Tech ? The Bits newsletter will keep you updated on the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
After his day-to-day responsibilities were reassigned to others in December , Mr. Stamos said he would leave the company . He was persuaded to stay through August to oversee the transition of his duties because executives thought his departure would look bad , the current and former employees said . He has been overseeing the transfer of his security team to Facebook 's product and infrastructure divisions . His group , which once had 120 people , now has three , the current and former employees said .
Mr. Stamos would be the first high-ranking employee to leave Facebook since controversy erupted over disinformation on its site . His departure is a sign of heightened leadership tensions at the company .
Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's chief executive , Ms. Sandberg and other company leaders have struggled to address a growing set of problems , including Russian interference on the platform , the rise of false news , and the disclosure this past weekend that 50 million of its user profiles had been harvested by Cambridge Analytica , a voter-profiling company that worked on President Trump 's election campaign .
Facebook did not immediately have a comment .
( Michael Quine/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP ) . Gavin Cox , left , who was injured during an illusion by David Copperfield at the MGM , sits with his wife during opening statements of his suit against Coperfield and the MGM Grand on Friday , April 13 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/John Locher ) . Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court , Tuesday , April 17 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p ...
( AP Photo/John Locher ) . Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court , Tuesday , April 17 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p ...
( AP Photo/John Locher ) . Chris Kenner , business partner of Illusionist David Copperfield , testifies in court , Tuesday , April 17 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British ...
( AP Photo/John Locher ) . Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court , Tuesday , April 17 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p ...
By KEN RITTER
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - David Copperfield insisted Tuesday he knew of no one being injured during more than 15 years of performing a signature vanishing act at the center of a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims he was seriously hurt in a fall during a Las Vegas performance .
Amid complaints from his lawyers about widespread media coverage , the world-famous illusionist returned to the witness stand , telling a Nevada jury about the trick that makes people seems to disappear on stage and reappear in the back of the theater .
At least 55,000 audience volunteers have taken part in the illusion over 17 years , according to Copperfield and show executive producer Chris Kenner , who testified last week .
In 60 to 90 seconds , stagehands with flashlights ushered randomly chosen participants past dark curtains , down passageways , around corners , outdoors , indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theater and `` reappear '' for the show finale , according to testimony .
Copperfield remains on stage the entire time .
Benedict Morelli , attorney for plaintiff Gavin Cox , has characterized the route as an obstacle course and the pace as dangerously fast for people who might not have appropriate footwear and are not told in advance what they will encounter .
Copperfield said he and stagehands assessed the capabilities of audience volunteers as they approached the stage , climbed stairs and seated themselves in a boxy 13-seat apparatus for the illusion . The trick is dubbed `` The Thirteen , '' for the number of seats .
The jury has been told that some volunteers were turned away .
Over the objections of Copperfield attorney Elaine Fresch , Morelli asked Copperfield if he thought the number of people not injured by the illusion over the years suggested it was safe .
`` I 'm not in the business of hurting people , '' Copperfield said .
`` The illusion must be safe because of how many people have done it without getting injured ? '' Morelli asked .
`` Numbers are not a defense , '' Copperfield said , adding he could n't remember hearing of anyone getting hurt .
Copperfield said he did n't know Cox claimed to have been injured in November 2013 until he was sued the following year . He said he stopped performing the illusion a year later .
Cox alleges he fell after being hurried by stagehands through an alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin . The resident of Kent , England , claims lasting brain and bodily injuries from his fall have cost him more than $ 400,000 in medical care .
Fresch lost a bid Tuesday for a mistrial based on the amount of media coverage about the case , including interviews involving Morelli .
Clark County District Court Judge Mark Denton allowed testimony to resume after asking jurors if they saw news items about the case during a five-day break in the civil trial . Three said they turned off broadcasts when they encountered them .
Copperfield 's lawyers lost pretrial motions to close proceedings to the public to avoid giving away performance secrets .
A state appeals court ruled Friday that Denton can close the courtroom to the public for some testimony to protect tradecraft .
____
This story corrects references to time doing trick to `` more than 15 years , '' instead of `` nearly 20 '' years .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
President Donald Trump of the United States said on Monday that a civil-rights investigation is being launched into the death of a woman during a weekend white-supremacy rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Expressing condolences for the woman and two members of the Virginia State Police who were killed , the president repeated his condemnation of the hate displayed over the weekend .
Read more
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) – The fight over the new Republican tax law had some Democrats working hard to stop it .
But now , it appears some of those lawmakers stand to benefit from the changes .
As CBS2 's Dick Brennan reported , in the fight against President Donald Trump 's tax plan two voices were heard loud and clear against it : New York Sens . Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand .
“ It 's a dagger to the heart of New York , it 's a dagger to the heart of New Jersey , ” Schumer had said .
“ I 've never seen a more blatant attempted at a corporate welfare bill than this bill , ” said Gillibrand .
But as it turns out , both Schumer and Gillibrand are big beneficiaries of the bill .
They both were among the few who posted their 2017 tax filings on their websites , and both received salaries of $ 174,000 a year . With their spouses income , they wind up in a specific category .
“ It 's one of those anomalies . Their just in that particular sweet spot of the code where they are making between $ 200,000-600,000 a year with an unusual set of deductions , ” said John Lieberman , CPA with Perelson Weiner LLP . “ For most people , they are not going to be in the same situation . ”
The Schumers should save in the area of $ 10,000 in a potential projected filing over the previous year , Brennan reported . In part , because of the changes to the alternative minimum tax .
“ The floor has been raised . So where he had taxes , an effective additional tax — or the alternative minimum tax — now that floor or threshold has been raised , and therefore he will be able to to avail himself to his other deductions , not just limited to the state and local income tax , ” Lieberman said .
The Gillibrands could see a savings over the previous year in the area of $ 13,000 for two reasons , Brennan reported .
“ One , she will get the child credit , which increases her benefit . The other part is that her husband is self-employed . So under the code , self-employed people making below a certain amount will be able to reduce their income by 20 percent , ” said Lieberman .
In a statement , Schumer 's office said in part that the tax bill tipped the scales in favor of corporations and the wealthiest . He called it a raw deal that unfairly targeted New York .
In a statement , Gillibrand 's office said in part , “ She votes in the best interests of her constituents and not herself . The Trump tax bill was a bad deal for working New York families and she vigorously opposed it . ”
Transcript for Experts weigh options , risk to rescue trapped soccer team from Thai cave
between the parents and cren when it happens . James Longman , thank . A lot T talk about so let 's bring Jen ashto and our contributor admiral Robert Harward . Thank you for being here . Jen , let me stt with you . What are you worried about T most now ? Well , really the sics.you want to knowhat their oxygen supply is , hydrat temperature control . Their psychological state . Theirtal and emotional S and their nutritional state . They 're breaking down aot of muscle even though the incredibly sedentary so we always want get anessment of their current situat hope for the best but prepare for the worst . Et 's bring you in . A myriad of differentescue ops . Do honestly feel scuba diving is the bestay out ? No , not necessarily at Thi point . There may be other means . As you know a , you have T carry a lot of equipment . They may be able to get J like thehone Lin surface suppliedir so air with ae so they do n't have toear aot of gear and they C swim out that way S I 'm sure they 're pursuill those options to ensuhat theses come out safe . And tact that we 're feeding them , gettingerial to them , TV cameras to them are indive of the good conditionthey 're in at the Mo . Jen , I was surprised to learn although entirely even how cool you are that you are actually aim being a phician a certified rescue and fight scuba diver . This was a six-hour journey for these elite divers so it ' going to take a long time for the boys to learn . GHT , but we also have T remember and I did it , of course , recreatially , the admi of coursehey do this for the real deal and you can take , train and teach someo to scuba dive with very minim kind of equipment buthis is a very unpredictable and chaotic tuation and their mental state is very , so important but , ain , all they need is that air supply . They do n't even necessarily need to B anything with them so that 's going T be song that the team is therend the ue professls like the admiral will work on but after being olonged in a cave light deprivation , the psychical and emotional effect these are young kids and think of them more as a mom than a doc and diver and that will beeally important . A lot of facto going I this but right now at least I sound like stable situation . R quick , they have a harrowing journey . Are you optimistic ? Of course . There are going be people with them eve step of they . They 're going to have swim buddy.somebody W be accompanying anking sure they 're safe the whole way out . T 's reassuring you to say thatmiralobt Harward and Dr. Jen Ashton , thank you both .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
NEW YORK , NY ( WKBW ) - Former `` Sex and the City '' star Cynthia Nixon says she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
Her announcement Monday sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions .
In a video on Twitter , the public education advocate says `` We want our government to work again . ''
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the `` anti-Trump party . ''
Nixon is a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three and an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues .
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll .
Award-winning international 60 Minutes correspondent and sexual assault survivor Lara Logan will be the keynote speaker at the 20th-anniversary celebration of Speaking of Women , the annual fund-raising luncheon to benefit the Center for Family Justice ( CFJ ) .
The Speaking of Women 2017 will be held on Tuesday , Sept. 19 at The Waterview in Monroe .
Logan , who has received several Emmys for her work at CBS News and 60 Minutes , will address the Speaking of Women audience about her path to survivorship following the brutal 2011 sexual assault she experienced while covering the Arab Spring in Egypt . Logan was almost murdered by a gang of men who separated her from her camera crew and security team and violently assaulted her . She has gone on to speak openly about her trauma and recovery .
“ Lara 's willingness to share her strength and hope with our audience will make for an incredibly moving and meaningful Speaking of Women , ” said Debra A. Greenwood , CFJ 's President & CEO . “ Her story and her compassion for fellow survivors of trauma aligns so well with our mission of transforming victims into survivors . ”
Greenwood noted this year 's Speaking of Women is especially significant because it marks the 20th year friends and supporters of CFJ have gathered for this always inspiring fund-raiser . “ We are honored and thrilled to have Lara with us for this milestone event , ” said Greenwood .
Sarah Cwikla-Mastropole of Easton and Anna Rodrigues of Monroe are this year 's Speaking of Women co-chairs . The late Mrs. Elizabeth Pfriem , a longtime benefactor of the event , has been named Speaking of Women 's honorary chairperson in memoriam . WTNH News Correspondent Jocelyn Maminta will serve as master of ceremonies .
In addition to Logan 's keynote address , this year 's Speaking of Women will also include honors given to some longtime supporters of CFJ and Speaking of Women .
Honorees include longtime corporate benefactors People 's United Bank and Unilever ; Jeanne Malgioglio , a teacher at Trumbull 's Madison Middle School , and The Dorothy M. and Irwin W. Nessel Foundation .
Proceeds from the luncheon , presented by People 's United Bank , help support the crisis and supportive services for victims of domestic violence , sexual violence and child abuse in the six local communities CFJ serves Bridgeport , Easton , Fairfield , Monroe , Stratford and Trumbull .
Tickets to Speaking of Women are $ 175 and sponsorship opportunities are still available . To purchase tickets or for more information , contact CFJ 's Development Director Marissa Donnelly at [ email protected ]
Transcript for Possible pipe bomb explodes below major bus terminal in NYC , suspect in custody
This is an ABC news special . Now reported . George Stephanopoulos . And we want to bring you latest right now on that explosion at the Port Authority here in New York earlier at the height of rush hour of course the Port Authority that is alive . Look right now at the scene the largest the busiest bus terminal in the United States . According to police sources one man . Set off the explosion he is now in custody badly injured another . Person in the journal also injured . If the terminal has been close right novel want to go right to ABC 's GOP because he 's on the scene . Hey Georgia white and look at this right now you have all of these officers here you have all of these ambulances and fire trucks the bomb squad is here on the scene . No doubt so many people were here so if only another person was injured and the suspect . That is truly a miracle George because we 're talking about so many people coming through this terminal and not just for the buses but also for the subway system but we know that there were evacuating the major subway lines . Here in New York City now the working theory right now the suspicion . Is that this pipe bomb apparently could have detonated earlier than intended . Because it was underground . Going through all of these passageways were not too many people . War and so that 's the good news here is that this could have been so much worse had a detonated where was supposed to but but right now that is just the suspicion that is just something that they 're working on George . Try to confirm but right now so many people in this area right now police say out that this seems . To be contained never the information is just coming in the suspect what we know about the suspect to suspect from Bangladesh has been in this country about seven years was living . In Brooklyn apparently wearing a pipe bomb on his person when it went offices GO seem to indicate . A little prematurely . Lot more to be learned though right now I want to bring go to our senior justice correspondent Pierre Thomas for more on that anyone claimed responsibility right now . Any other information coming in to federal officials . No one has claimed responsibility George black and tell you there 's . Attorney general Homeland Security officials top law enforcement officials in this country have been briefed . They 're waiting additional information George there have been great concern with the upcoming holiday season that you could see an event like this . Two officials I spoke to or just . So thankful in Georgia so far it appears to be contained what limited him injuries George but this . Has major implications for the upcoming holiday seasons clearly some what swung someone was trying to hurt or . Kill as many people as they could . Everyone will be let Audrey and her former FBI special agent Brad Garrett for more on this that well what may have been saving grace here Brad . Is that it was a relatively crude weapon . Right this is going to be amateur hour George he probably learned online had to build a pipe bomb . That there were the tricky part obviously is a timer . That obviously did n't work out well for him . And sister city had an honest person . OK well that 's what we have right now an explosion at the Port Authority here in New York City at the height of rush hour you can hear the emergency vehicles . Outside withstand the story all morning long here on Jimmy and ABC news . This has been a special . From the EB .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
President Donald Trump 's top aides will huddle Tuesday to discuss whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord — a global effort to cut down on climate-warming carbon emissions .
Officials will be discussing their options , with the goal of providing a recommendation to the president about the path forward , according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity , despite the president 's criticism of the use of anonymous sources .
The non-binding international agreement was forged in Paris in December 2015 and allowed rich and poor countries to set their own goals to reduce carbon dioxide . It went into effect last November after it was ratified by countries , including the U.S. and China .
Trump 's top advisers are currently divided on the issue , with some , including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt , eager for the U.S. to leave the deal .
`` Paris is something that we need to really look at closely , because it 's something we need to exit , in my opinion , '' Pruitt said in an interview with Fox News Channel 's `` Fox & Friends '' last week . `` It 's a bad deal for America . It was an America second , third or fourth kind of approach . ''
Trump pledged during his campaign to pull out of the Paris accord , but has wavered on the issue since he won the presidency .
He told the editorial board of The New York Times in an interview last year that he was , `` looking at it very closely .... I have an open mind to it . We 're going to look very carefully . ''
Under the agreement , the U.S. pledged to reduce its annual greenhouse gas emissions in 2025 by 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels , which would be a reduction of about 1.6 billion tons of annual emissions . Besides continuing Obama 's efforts to reduce U.S. heat-trapping gases , Trump has two general options .
One option is to pull the United States out of the non-binding agreement , which Obama enacted without U.S. Senate ratification . It typically takes countries four years to pull out of new international treaties , but because Obama enacted the accord as part of the 1992 Rio de Janeiro treaty , Trump could pull out of the older , broader treaty in one year .
Another option is to just do nothing . Trump could publicly badmouth the treaty , but not formally withdraw from it . If the U.S. stays part of the agreement , which 125 nations or groups of nations have already ratified , and fails to reach its goal , technically nothing happens . There is no climate court , no enforcement action .
And because the agreement already went into force , nothing the United States can do — even pulling out — can nullify the accord . It is in effect .
Nonetheless , a withdrawal or public announcement that the U.S. is abandoning its efforts to fight man-made climate change could spark repercussions individually from other nations , said Nigel Purvis , who was the top U.S. State Department environmental diplomat when George W. Bush pulled out of the 1997 Kyoto climate treaty .
`` Any sign that the administration would not be serious will provoke an international reaction that would undermine the administration 's foreign policy , '' said Purvis , an international attorney who served in Democratic and Republican administrations . Other countries , he said , take climate change seriously and could retaliate in trade deals or tariffs or balk on negotiations over international security costs .
Trump has already reversed some former President Obama 's efforts to scale back carbon emissions to try to halt climate change , including restrictions on coal plants and drilling .
White House spokesman Sean Spicer has said the president will make up his mind on the Paris agreement before a summit of the Group of Seven leading industrial nations in Taormina , Italy in late May .
———
Follow Colvin and Borenstein on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/colvinj and https : //twitter.com/borenbears
Have your say
From a monster musical to beautiful ballet , there 's plenty going on in the region this weekend .
We 're rounded up eight of the top things to do .
100 's of # SanJose students touring plants today to kindle interest in manufacturing jobs . @ Jabil says there 's a worker shortage . # MFGDay17 pic.twitter.com/KR0AFk5NaG — David Louie ( @ abc7david ) October 6 , 2017
Many of us assume that U.S. manufacturing is dead as companies shift production overseas . But in San Jose alone , there are 1,500 companies engaged in manufacturing , and they employ 65,000 people . However , there 's a worker shortage.Plants across Silicon Valley invited students in to get them to consider manufacturing for a career.High tech manufacturing is no longer manual labor . 3D printing and robotics have increased speed and precision but not the need for workers.There is a deficit of workers to fill manufacturing jobs . `` That 's largely attributable to folks that are starting to leave the workforce as they start to age out . We have a lot of baby boomers that are still in manufacturing here , '' said Donovan Lazaro , with the San Jose Economic Development office.Students were invited into Jabil 's Blue Sky Innovation Center this week to kindle their interest in manufacturing.The group consists of 8th graders in the Adventure STEM program at Herman Intermediate School in San Jose . A total of 850 students visited 14 companies.Many are still years from entering the workforce , but employers say Silicon Valley is moving away from using off-shore manufacturing . `` With digital manufacturing technologies , manufacturing 's going to be producing things in markets where customers are consuming it , rather than today where it 's manufactured in one part of the world and shipped all the way across the world to customers , '' said John Dulchinos , The Vice President of Jabil Digital Manufacturing.The students learned about the supply chain and how much work goes into the sourcing of raw materials , design , and logistics . `` I 've learned that manufacturing has many steps that they 've gone through like from planning out what they want to do , then they do it . If there 's anything wrong , they modify it , '' said Victor Nguyen , a student in the Adventure STEM program . `` For engineering , there is one major process that everyone uses , but there are multiple ways to determine it , so multiple people see the same thing in different eyes , '' said Ashley Brotherston , a student in the Adventure STEM program.If they do choose manufacturing , some will be able to learn the skills with a high school education while others will need a degree .
‘ Disease Control Centre removes Zamfara from CSM endemic list '
The National Center for Disease Control has removed Zamfara from its list of states prone to Cerebro Spinal Meningitis ( CSM ) outbreak , says the state Commissioner of Health , Alhaji Lawali Liman .
Liman made the disclosure on Tuesday while briefing a team of journalists on National Democracy Dividend Media Tour organized by the National Secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists ( NUJ ) .
He explained that the removal of Zamfara was a result of its sustained surveillance and case management of the disease .
“ Out of the 147 wards , we only have challenges in seven wards at a time when some states of the federation are facing threats in all their wards , ” he said .
The commissioner said that the state government recently renovated and equipped Primary Healthcare Center in each of the 147 wards to bring health care services closer to rural dwellers .
“ Apart from the recent recruitment of 100 medical doctors and over 300 nurses and midwives , the state government is also working towards the establishment of referral hospitals in Talata-Mafara , Gummi and Kaura-Namoda , ” he added .
Liman also explained that the government distributed HIV/AIDS kits to 90 health facilities across the state with a view to checking prevalence and avoiding spread .
He said that the effort has enabled the state retain its position of having the lowest cases of HIV/AIDS in the country .
Over 40 journalists drawn from various media houses , led by NUJ National President , Abdulwaheed Odusile , are on the tour .
NAN
The post ‘ Disease Control Centre removes Zamfara from CSM endemic list ' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Born to famous Bollywood screenwriters , Farhan Akhtar has a bunch of successful movies and garnered praise for starring in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara , Wazir and Dil Dhadakne Do.Known for his bold and charming personality , Farhan Akhtar received numerous accolades . To know your favourite actor more closely , scroll down to go through Farhan Akhtar 's hot , sexy , and most beautiful Instagram photos .
All eyes on Farhan Akhtar for his dashing look
Farhan Akhtar is one such multi-talented actor who has established himself as a film director , screenwriter , producer , actor , playback singer and television host . The versatile actor started his Bollywood career by assisting in Lamhe and later made his directorial debut with the popular and award winning movie Dil Chahta Hai . The sizzling star made his Hollywood debut through the soundtrack of Bride and Prejudice . Also famous for his noble deeds , the actor took initiative to spread awareness among masses on HIV-AIDS and directed a short film related to same , titled Positive .
Born to famous Bollywood screenwriters Javed Akhtar and Honey Irani , Farhan Akhtar has a bunch of successful movies and garnered praise for starring in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara , Wazir and Dil Dhadakne Do . The actor also portrayed Milkha Singh in the 2013 film Bhaag Milkha Bhaag which earned him the best actor award in Filmfare . Known for his bold and charming personality , Farhan Akhtar received numerous accolades . To know your favourite actor more closely , scroll down to go through Farhan Akhtar 's hot , sexy , and most beautiful Instagram photos .
Farhan Akhtar can no doubt , make your heart slip a beat
Farhan Akhtar in this picture looks amazingly hot
Farhan Akhtar in a man bun can make any girl bend on her knees
Farhan Akhtar goes full rock star mode on the stage
Farhan Akhtar looks strikingly hot in a navy blue outfit
Farhan Akhtar dons the most stylish outfit
Farhan Akhtar is all set to set the floor on fire
Farhan Akhtar has got the most striking personality on the planet
Farhan Akhtar mesmerises us with his charm
Farhan Akhtar goes bold to tease his fans
That power . # FarhanLive # Throwback A post shared by Farhan Akhtar ( @ faroutakhtar ) on Feb 16 , 2016 at 10:19pm PST
# FarhanLive # FarhanLiveKolkata A post shared by Farhan Akhtar ( @ faroutakhtar ) on Apr 20 , 2017 at 5:10am PDT
Eid Mubarak to all . Love . A post shared by Farhan Akhtar ( @ faroutakhtar ) on Jun 26 , 2017 at 3:25am PDT
What beard ? ? ? Hehehe .. # just A post shared by Farhan Akhtar ( @ faroutakhtar ) on Nov 6 , 2017 at 10:02pm PST
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — A Philadelphia sports radio personality says he lost a weekly television gig after saying a female announcer calling an NFL game `` sounds unnatural . ''
Mike Missanelli said on his radio show that he was fired from `` Sports Sunday '' on WPVI , Philadelphia 's ABC station .
He says it 's because on Tuesday he questioned why ESPN was using Beth Mowins to do play-by-play on ESPN 's Monday Night Football double-header .
He says he has no one to blame but himself and calls it a `` harsh result . ''
The firing comes the same week Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton made sexist comments to a female reporter . When a Charlotte newspaper reporter asked Newton about a wide receiver 's route running , Newton laughed and said , `` it 's funny to hear a female talk about routes . '' He has apologized .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Artificial intelligence ( AI ) may not be ready to write the next blockbuster movie , but a team of AI researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's ( MIT ) Media Lab successfully used machine learning to teach computers about emotional arcs in movies .
The researchers , which collaborated for this project with McKinsey , used machine learning to analyze thousands of videos , including movies , TV shows and short films found on Vimeo . “ We developed machine-learning models that rely on deep neural networks to ‘ watch ' small slices of video—movies , TV , and short online features—and estimate their positive or negative emotional content by the second , ” the team wrote in a blog post Monday morning .
The approach did n't just pay attention to the general plot line of a movie , but also to more subtle aspects , including the score , and close-ups of a person 's face . Using these clues , the project 's machine learning algorithms were able to identify positive and negative emotions , and map out the extent to which each scene would provoke emotional responses — something the researchers called “ visual valence . ”
Taken together , this would result in a movie 's or video 's emotional arc — as shown below for the opening scene of Pixar 's “ Up : ”
View photos ai-mit-mckinsey More
In other words : Just by analyzing the visual elements of a movie , the algorithms could detect where the tear jerkers would be , and how the overall emotional arc of a story would develop . Researchers also used a control group of human volunteers to map out their response to some of the movies analyzed by computers , and then used that data to refine their models .
By comparing all of the emotional arcs analyzed by their AI , researchers found that most movies and short films follow simple formulas for their emotional arc . They also compared how audiences responded to each of these formulas by looking at comments left on 1500 short films on Vimeo — only to find that even Vimeo viewers like happy endings .
View photos mit ai vimeo responses More
That in itself ma not be that surprising — but the fact that artificial intelligence can be used to analyze the emotional arc of a movie , and with that predict an audience response , could be profound for Hollywood , the researchers argued .
“ As storytellers increasingly realize the value of AI , and as these tools become more readily available , we could see a major change in the way video stories are created , ” they wrote . “ In the same way directors can now integrate motion capture in their work , writers and storyboarders might work alongside machines , using their capabilities to sharpen their stories and amplify their emotional pull . ”
Related stories
Sad Songs , Artificial Intelligence and Gracenote 's Quest to Unlock the World 's Music
Microsoft 's Next HoloLens Headset Will Come With Built-in Artificial Intelligence
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts !
Claire Foy says the gender pay gap she endured during 'The Crown ' has `` opened her eyes '' .
The 34-year-old actress - who played Queen Elizabeth on 'The Crown ' - became the centre of a pay gap scandal last month when it was revealed that Matt Smith , her co-star who played Prince Philip on the Netflix drama , had been paid more than her for his role in the series despite having significantly less screen time .
And now , Claire has revealed she was left feeling `` embarrassed '' by the news , and says the ordeal has stopped her from being `` naive '' about her pay .
Speaking to reporters in Las Vegas - where she was promoting 'The Girl in the Spider 's Web ' - she is quoted by the Daily Telegraph newspaper as saying : `` It definitely opened my eyes to a lot . And I certainly wo n't be naÃ¯ve about those things .
`` It 's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about , and what I 'm allowed to stand up for myself about .
`` And I think that 's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry . It 's been only a positive thing - even though , embarrassing . ''
According to reports published in March , Claire was paid $ 40,000 per episode during her time on the drama , and Matt 's pay was not disclosed .
Claire 's comments come after Matt , 35 , recently broke his silence on the issue to condemn the pay gap .
He said : `` Claire is one of my best friends , and I believe that we should be paid equally and fairly and there should be equality for all . I support her completely , and I 'm pleased that it was resolved and they made amends for it , because that what 's needed to happen . Going forward , I think we should all bear in mind that we need to strive to make this better and a more even playing field for everyone involved - but not just in our industry , in all industries . ''
When the story broke last month , producer Suzanne Mackie and fellow executive producer Andy Harries claimed that rather than a gender issue , the pay gap came as Claire was an unknown actress when she accepted the lead role , whereas Matt had achieved global success for starring as the titular character in the long running sci-fi hit 'Doctor Who ' from 2009 to 2013 .
Australia 's Michael Matthews claimed the yellow jersey on the first day of the Tour de Romandie with victory in the time trial in Fribourg .
Riding for Team Sunweb , the 27-year-old , the 120th rider out of 133 to leave the start , recorded a time of 5min 33sec over the four kilometre course to clinch the victory and thus claimed the lead on day one of the International Cycling Union WorldTour event .
As reported by Velonews , following his win , Matthews said : `` Yeah , [ winning was ] a little bit of a surprise .
`` In the recon , I thought it was a little bit sketchy , but when I came in with high speed it was okay .
“ I think I 'll just enjoy this win now .
`` It 's my first win of the season it takes a bit of pressure off for the next days . ''
Australia 's Michael Matthews has won three stages of the prestigious Tour de France in his career ©Getty Images
Switzerland 's Tom Bohli , riding for BMC Racing Team finished second - just one second behind Matthews .
Slovenia 's Primož Roglič , the recent winner of the overall title at the Tour of the Basque Country , was third for LottoNL-Jumbo on the same time .
Defending champion Richie Porte of Australia , a team-mate of Bohli on the BMC Racing Team , could only finish 18th - 14 seconds behind the winner .
The riders are due return to the French roads tomorrow as they tackle a hilly 166.6km ride from Fribourg to Delémont .
The race is scheduled to conclude in Geneva on Sunday ( April 29 ) .
Re : Berger Bullets There were several guys/friends around here that complained last year about loosing nice bucks and were shooting Berger hunting VLD pills . So much so that I thought `` what the heck has Berger done ? '' . I did n't have an answer as I 've been using A-Max 's for several years .
Still not sure what happened . There were numerous calibers involved . Was it bullet failure or an error with bullet placement ? Of course they assured me `` they had it on him ''
The few times I have used Bergers the results were dead deer . They ran 25-50yds but I still recovered 'em .
As with any bullet/caliber , precise bullet placement is the key . I would n't be afraid the use them . __________________
`` The only thing necessay for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . ''
Things are beyond brutally obvious in this entire ‘ muh Russian conspiracy ' narrative . Last week it was revealed DOJ Assoc . Deputy Attorney General Bruce G Ohr was demoted because he had working relationships with dossier author Christopher Steele and Fusion GPS , and did not reveal his October 2016 contacts with current officials .
Today , the ongoing saga gets more sketchy as it is revealed Bruce G Ohr 's wife , Nellie H. Ohr , actually worked for Fusion GPS and likely helped guide/script the Russian Dossier .
JAMES ROSEN – A senior Justice Department official demoted last week for concealing his meetings with the men behind the anti-Trump “ dossier ” had even closer ties to Fusion GPS , the firm responsible for the incendiary document , than have been disclosed , Fox News has confirmed : The official 's wife worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election .
Contacted by Fox News , investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ( HPSCI ) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr , wife of the demoted official , Bruce G. Ohr , worked for the opposition research firm last year . The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr 's duties – including whether she worked on the dossier – remains unclear but a review of her published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects . HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that she was paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016 .
Fusion GPS has attracted scrutiny because Republican lawmakers have spent the better part of this year investigating whether the dossier , which was funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee , served as the basis for the Justice Department and the FBI to obtain FISA surveillance last year on a Trump campaign adviser named Carter Page .
“ The House Intelligence Committee , ” Chairman Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , told Fox News in a statement on Monday , “ is looking into all facets of the connections between the Department of Justice and Fusion GPS , including Mr. Ohr . ”
Until Dec. 6 , when Fox News began making inquiries about him , Bruce Ohr held two titles at DOJ . He was , and remains , director of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force ; but his other job was far more senior . Mr. Ohr held the rank of associate deputy attorney general , a post that gave him an office four doors down from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
The day before Fox News reported that Mr. Ohr held his secret meetings last year with the founder of Fusion GPS , Glenn Simpson , and with Christopher Steele , the former British spy who compiled the dossier , the Justice Department stripped Ohr of his deputy title and ousted him from his fourth floor office at the building that DOJ insiders call “ Main Justice. ” ( read more )
In October 2016 , the month where a FISA Judge granted the warrant for wiretapping and surveillance , the FBI ( via Agent Strzok ) , and DOJ ( via Deputy AG Bruce Ohr ) , were both in contact with Russian Dossier author Christopher Steele and Fusion GPS .
Nellie H. Ohr is working for Fusion GPS with expertise in Russian affairs at the time .
October 2016 is EXACTLY when The Obama administration submits a new , narrow request to the FISA court , now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks . As Andrew McCarthy pointed out months ago : “ No evidence is found — but the wiretaps continue , ostensibly for national security reasons . The Obama administration is now monitoring an opposing presidential campaign using the high-tech surveillance powers of the federal intelligence services. ” ( link )
Are you seeing how the dots connect ?
June/July 2016 a FISA request is denied . This is simultaneous to FBI agent Strzok initial contact with Christopher Steele and the preliminary draft of the dossier .
October 2016 a FISA request approved . This is simultaneous to agent Strzok and Assoc . Deputy AG Bruce G Ohr in contact with Christopher Steele and the full dossier .
It would be EXPLOSIVE if it turned out the October 2016 FISA warrant was gained by deception , misleading/manipulated information , or fraud as a result of the Russian Dossier ; and exponentially more explosive if the dossier was -in part- organized by the wife of an investigative member of the DOJ who was applying for the FISA warrant ; the same warrant that led to the wiretapping and surveillance of the Trump campaign and General Flynn , and was authorized by FISA Court Judge Contreras – who was , until recently , the judge in Flynn 's case .
Advertisements
Opinion : Save LAUTECH ! | Frustrated student cries out for help
by Busari Azeezat It had only started as a case of nonpayment of allowances . The school that was held in…
Read » Opinion : Save LAUTECH ! | Frustrated student cries out for help on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
Tory Lanez is hitting the ground running in 2017 with two new mixtapes to satisfy his adoring fans . The New Toronto 2 and Chixtape 4 follow their predecessors released Christmas 2015 . Both new releases feature contributions from Rick Ross , Cash Money 's Jacquees and A $ AP Ferg with production from Tory , araabMUZIK , Play Picasso and other beatmakers .
And like most of Tory 's projects , the new set of tapes are n't without their Drake references and jabs . On the song , “ Lick x Drive You Crazy , ” Tory takes a shot at his dad 's OVO clothing line and fashion choices , rapping , And I pray I never dress like y'all/Only bird on my shirt is when I press that raw . Drake 's OVO symbol is an owl . Get it ? Sidebar : GQ just also named Drizzy the best-dressed male of 2016 , but I see what Tory was trying to do there .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — An adult film star who previously alleged an extramarital affair with Donald Trump now says in a statement the affair never happened .
A lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels confirmed his client 's statement Tuesday . Daniels ' real name is Stephanie Clifford .
Clifford has been on a publicity tour in recent weeks amid news of the alleged 2006 tryst with the president . She is scheduled to appear Tuesday on ABC 's `` Jimmy Kimmel Live ! '' Her publicist has n't answered questions about the statement .
Clifford has sought to tell her story before , in 2011 and again during the 2016 presidential campaign .
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month that Trump 's personal lawyer brokered a $ 130,000 payment to Clifford in October 2016 to keep her from publicly discussing it .
Trump 's lawyer has denied any affair .
WASHINGTON—The United States voiced concern Monday over reported persecution of gay men , including torture and murder , by authorities in Chechnya , urging officials in the Russian region long-troubled by unrest to investigate .
“ We continue to be disturbed by reports of kidnapping , torture , and murder of people in Chechnya based on their sexual orientation , ” US ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in a statement .
“ If true , this violation of human rights can not be ignored , ” she added .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Chechen authorities must immediately investigate these allegations , hold anyone involved accountable , and take steps to prevent future abuses . ”
READ : Russia asked to end alleged killings of gays in Chechnya
Haley , a member of US President Donald Trump 's inner circle , said “ we are against all forms of discrimination , including against people based on sexual orientation , ” adding that such abuse can lead to destabilization and conflict .
Lawmakers from both sides of the US political aisle also spoke out against the apparent crackdown .
Senator Ben Cardin said he was “ gravely concerned ” about threats facing gays and lesbians in the overwhelmingly Muslim northern Caucasus region .
Cardin , the top Democrat on the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee , pointed to reports by the Novaya Gazeta newspaper “ that hundreds of LGBT persons , particularly gay men , have been detained and tortured , and at least three individuals killed , by Chechen security forces . ”
Chechnya 's strongman leader , President Ramzan Kadyrov , “ has created an atmosphere of terror for LGBT individuals , ” Cardin added .
“ But in the Russian Federation , the buck stops with President Vladimir Putin — who must immediately signal that any violence against individuals on account of their sexual orientation or gender identity is unacceptable . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Republican Senator Thom Tillis branded Kadyrov a “ Putin loyalist ” and accused Putin himself of denying that “ shameful ” human rights violations have occurred .
“ Chechnya officials are kidnapping and torturing gay men . I condemn this gross violation of # HumanRights , ” Tillis said on Twitter .
Chechnya was the scene of two separatist wars in the 1990s and early 2000s , but the region has been largely pacified under Kadyrov 's iron-fisted rule .
Good Governance Committee sets to unveil outstanding governors July 13
Committee for the 2017 States Competitiveness and Good Governance Awards will on July 13 , at Transcorp Hilton Hotel Abuja , unveil the winners of this year 's good governance awards . Red carpet will open by 6pm .
Just like in previous editions , the modus operandi of the 2017 edition will not be different , as awards will be won in different categories but the most coveted is the Governor of the Year Award .
Other awards categories are the state with the most improvement housing development programmes ; state most improved in educational development ; the best state promoting made in Nigerian goods ; state with the most improved security ; most improved in ICT/Technology , and state most improved in sports development and tourism .
Others are the fastest growing state economy ; state most improved in ease of doing business ; the state most transparent in governance ; state most improved in rural and urban infrastructure development ; most improved in healthcare service delivery and agricultural development .
The state best promoting made-in-Nigeria goods is a new award category introduced by the 2017 Committee to encourage Nigerian states and institutions to promote the utilisation of domestic resources . It will be recalled that , Nigeria 's over reliance on imported goods and materials caused the nation so much pains when foreign exchange became scarce following the crash in crude oil prices at the international market . The pains came in the forms of foreign exchange volatility , mass sack by private firms and factory closures .
To reduce Nigeria 's susceptibility to the vagaries of global business and economic cycles , some governors have introduced a number of programs geared towards boosting the capacity of the local entrepreneurs who should be able to meet the needs of the domestic market as well as tap into the international market .
For all the award categories , a mix of qualitative and quantitative parameters was employed . Visitations to states in order to see the projects executed , interactions with the locals and interviews with governments ' officials , among others , constituted the qualitative parameters . Visitations to states provided on the spot assessment opportunities for the Award Committee . On the other hand , interactions with the locals who are indigenes of those states allowed the Committee to know the extent to which executed projects benefit the communities where they are situated .
The quantitative parameters include kilometres of road constructed , number of housing units built , number of schools , hospitals and primary healthcare centres ( PHC ) rehabilitated , detailed publication on the execution of budgets especially as it relates to the awards of contracts , contractors ' names and projects awarded , budget performance among others .
In addition , the Award Committee was able to understand the cost benefit rationale behind each project . In other words , the Committee was able to understand the reason for the choice of a particular project over others and how resources were allocated towards its completion .
Debuted in 2013 , States Competitiveness and Good Governance Award was introduced to engender competition amongst state governments in Nigeria so that Nigerians can get the real dividend of democracy . The Award Committee works in partnership with BusinessDay Research and Intelligence Unit ( BRIU ) .
TELIAT SULE
The post Good Governance Committee sets to unveil outstanding governors July 13 appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd , fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.Fields has been in custody since Saturday.A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his `` deeply held , radical '' convictions on race .
UPDATE :
Louisiana State Police has issued an update to the reported single vehicle crash involving a 17-year-old in St. Landry Parish . State police say the crash was actually a hit-and-run involving a 22-year-old who later turned herself in .
State police say as Troopers continued their investigation into the August 12 crash that took the life of Aaron Quebedeaux , 17 , of Krotz Springs , what was originally believed to have been a single vehicle crash was determined to have involved a second vehicle .
According to state police reports , the second driver involved came forward and informed them she was driving a vehicle that collided with Quebedeaux 's vehicle at the time of the crash .
State police say through further investigation and the driver 's statements , they were able to determine Brittany Coupel , 22 , of Opelousas was driving a 2003 Pontiac Grand Am eastbound on US 190 in the right lane approaching a right curve .
Coupel failed to negotiate the curve , and the Grand Am entered into the left eastbound lane of US 190 colliding with Quebedeaux 's . After impact , Coupel fled the scene of the crash .
Coupel was arrested for obstruction of justice , hit-and-run driving , and vehicular homicide . Coupel was booked into the St. Landry Parish Jail .
ORIGINAL STORY :
State police are investigating a fatal vehicle crash where a 17-year-old was killed after his vehicle overturned .
On August 12 , shortly after 2:30 a.m. , Troopers from Louisiana State Police Troop I say they responded to a single vehicle fatal crash occurring on US 190 near Three Mile Lake Rd in St. Landry Parish .
According to state police , the crash claimed the life of Aaron Quebedeaux , 17 , of Krotz Springs .
Authorities say the initial investigation by state police showed the crash happened as Quebedeaux was driving a 2002 Chevrolet eastbound on US 190 and was approaching a right curve .
State police say for unknown reasons , Quebedeaux failed to negotiate the curve , ran off of the right side of the roadway , struck a metal bridge rail , and overturned . They also say Quebedeaux was not wearing a seatbelt and was ejected from the vehicle .
Quebedeaux sustained fatal injuries and was pronounced dead on the scene by the St. Landry Parish Coroner 's Office .
`` As the Crash investigation continues into the cause of the crash , Troopers will speak to any witness and continue to examine all evidence , '' said Master Trooper Brooks David .
It is unknown if impairment was a contributing factor in the crash authorities say , however ; toxicology samples were obtained from Quebedeaux and submitted to the Louisiana State Police Crime Lab for analysis .
This crash remains under investigation .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — It looks like a perfectly staged assassination , straight out of the pages of a spy novel : North Korean royalty Kim Jong Nam , the estranged , exiled half-brother of leader Kim Jong-un , falls ill at a Malaysian airport , complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical , and drops dead .
But , as with many things about the alleged motives of cloistered North Korea , the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties .
A look at what officials are trying to piece together as they work to reconstruct one of the most audacious , mysterious assassinations in recent Asian history :
___
WHY NOW ?
This is the big one : Motive .
Kim Jong Nam , a jovial , overweight gambler and playboy , had embarrassed Pyongyang before — he tried to sneak into Tokyo Disney ; he criticized his half-brother — but he 's been generally seen more as an annoyance than an existential threat to North Korea 's stability .
Why would Kim Jong-un go through the massive logistical trouble — and potential embarrassment — of staging the risky assassination of a blood relation on foreign soil ?
Without elaborating , South Korea 's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that the North had been trying to kill Kim Jong Nam for five years . Spy officials offered a single , shaky motive for the death : Kim Jong-un 's `` paranoia '' over his estranged brother .
But the South 's National Intelligence Service has a long history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the North 's leadership as mentally unstable .
Some in Seoul wonder if Kim Jong-un might have become enraged when a South Korean newspaper reported last week that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to the South in 2012 . South Korea 's spy service denied this , but it 's still an open question : Could public speculation that a member of the exalted Kim dynasty wanted to flee to the hated South have pushed Kim Jong-un to order his brother 's assassination ?
___
WHY THE AIRPORT IN MALAYSIA ?
There would seem to be easier , less public places to kill such a high-profile target .
A possible explanation might be found in another nugget provided by South Korea 's spy agency : China had long protected Kim Jong Nam and his family in their home base of Macau . Analysts have seen Beijing as looking to Kim Jong Nam as a potential leader should North Korea 's regime collapse .
With security , presumably overseen by China , tight in Macau , could there have been a security gap in Malaysia that offered North Korean assassins an opportunity they could n't have gotten elsewhere ?
___
WHO Is THE MYSTERY WOMEN ?
The details of the attack itself are a tangled mess as of now .
Kim told medical workers that he 'd been sprayed with a chemical , which brings to mind past attacks with poison-tipped pens linked to North Korean assassins .
South Korea 's spy agency says two women believed to be North Korean agents attacked Kim . They then reportedly fled . Japanese media quoted the government in Tokyo as saying those women may now be dead . None of this has been confirmed yet .
Still , finding out who these women are and who hired them could go a long way to unlocking the mystery .
___
WHAT NEXT ?
North Korea has said nothing officially about the death , but that 's not unusual . The country 's propaganda specialists are masters at reporting only details that lionize the Kim family as paragons of virtue . This clearly does n't do that .
China may be angry at the killing of a close North Korean contact , so there could be some sort of reaction , possibly back-channel , from Beijing .
But a more concrete punishment could come from Washington .
Cheong Seong-Chang , a South Korean analyst , said the assassination might convince the U.S. Congress to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism , further isolating the already widely shunned country .
___
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul , South Korea , contributed to this report .
As Kentucky marches forward in the NCAA Tournament there 's no denying that basketball recruiting takes a backseat . UK 's staff will still communicate with recruits but Kentucky 's focus is on winning ...
Experts and environmentalists say the broad answer — however controversial and nuanced it may be — is to reduce the present levels of global greenhouse gas emissions in order to curb global warming . In January , federal wildlife officials issued a report that called climate change the biggest threat to the survival of the polar bear .
Polar bears depend on sea ice as a platform for hunting seals . As the planet warms , that ice cover melts earlier and earlier , limiting the amount of time polar bears have to hunt and build up their fat reserves before moving to land . As a result , they can end up skinny and in poor physical health by the end of long ice-free summers .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day , delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Biologists agree that as ice cover continues to decrease , there will be a significant drop in the polar bear population , which according to federal wildlife officials stands at about 26,000 globally . A 2015 assessment projected a reduction of over 30 percent in the number of polar bears by 2050 .
“ Polar bears are built for a feast-or-famine type of eating , ” said Elisabeth Kruger , an arctic wildlife program officer with the World Wildlife Fund . “ But when that period of fasting gets too long , it can put them on the brink . ”
Polar bears have been labeled threatened under the Endangered Species Act act since 2008 . They are among the largest members of the bear species and prey heavily on seals .
All of which makes the viral images of a fur-and-bones polar bear particularly striking . The bear Mr. Nicklen and his team documented was stuck on land , its muscles atrophied by continuing starvation , and apparently on the edge of death .
One would have to do “ a lot of specific investigating ” to determine the cause of suffering for a particular polar bear , Ms. Kruger said , but what is captured in Mr. Nicklen 's photo “ is one of the ways polar bears die . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Most of the feedback Mr. Nicklen has received on social media appears positive , if twined with sadness . ( The viral video of the polar bear , he noted , has been slowed from normal speed . ) But he has also received blowback from some who have complained he did not do enough to help .
“ People assume you 're just coldhearted , ” he said . “ Of course we 're upset. ” But feeding the polar bear would not only prolong its misery , he said , it would have been illegal . And “ for me to take a gun up to that polar bear and kill it , now you 're looking at jail . ”
This is not the first time a downtrodden polar bear has captured the hearts of humans . After all , they are “ incredibly charismatic , ” Ms. Kruger said , and “ big , white , fluffy creatures . ”
Last year , a polar bear named Pizza garnered the support of millions of people worldwide when animal welfare advocates began a campaign to move “ the world 's saddest polar bear , ” as he was known , from a mall in southern China , where the bear lived in a glass enclosure .
Mr. Nicklen said the polar bear he and his team found was never given a cute human name . But he said everyone on the team called it by the same phrase : “ The dying polar bear . ”
Campuses should not change buildings named after historical figures
Yale University announced that they will rename their Calhoun residential college to honor Grace Murray Hopper , a Navy rear admiral who made strides in computer electronics research .
Even though namesake John C. Calhoun was a racist South Carolina politician , does wiping his name from a building makeup for everything he stood for that conflicts with the society that we live in today ?
The Calhoun dormitories were constructed at Yale in 1933 , eighty-three years after the death of Calhoun , a Yale alumnus .
Not only is he the building 's namesake , but there are also depictions of his likeness as well as slaves carrying bales in several stained-glass pieces on the building .
This move by the Yale administration has caused the resignation of Fox News personality Geraldo Rivera as an Associate Fellow . On Twitter , Rivera announced his resignation saying it had , “ Been an honor but intolerant insistence on political correctness is lame . ”
It would be wrong to change the name of a building of a man who was , at one point , prominent enough to have his name honorarily applied to a building at Yale . We must never forget that , ever .
It serves as a benchmark for how far we have come as a country .
Calhoun Lofts
The Calhoun that the Yale dormitory is named after is also the namesake of the street that runs through our University and the lofts that are situated on it .
Calhoun was partially responsible for the annexing Texas into the Union , although it was to maintain balance between slave-holding states and free states .
So is it really that surprising that there is an old road running through Houston that got named after him ?
A year and a half ago , The Cougar published an editorial on the topic giving background on how Calhoun Lofts was originally a temporary name that just happened to stick .
The University had the chance to change the temporary name to to a permanent one that was n't steeped in historic racism but for some reason did not .
Even a name prefaced with “ cougar ” like most of the other on-campus residence halls would have been preferable .
It was just bad luck that the lofts happened to be built on Calhoun Road and not Wheeler Avenue . Wheeler Lofts would have been a less controversial name .
That being the case , if the University were to change the name of Calhoun Lofts to something else in the future , it would not be as historically immoral as Yale 's case .
UH 's naming of the lofts appears to be more of a coincidence instead of a deliberate move . But it is something that , if it were to be done , should happen sooner rather than later while the residence hall is still relatively new .
Changing history for the sake of contemporary social beliefs is unwise
Times change , and society 's perception towards things does as well .
But merely because perceptions change does not mean that what happened in the past must also change with that perception .
History is unflinching . It should not be changed or rewritten no matter how ugly it is , even though at one point in the past it was OK to name a building after a slaveholder and staunch southern Dixiecrat .
But we do not rectify that by renaming a building ; we do that by educating people about the person who the building was named after and why it was named after them in the first place .
History is not something that we can forget . In fact , it is something that we should always do our best to become more familiar with .
As soon as we start changing the history and names of buildings , we start down the path toward whitewashing it and imposing absolutes upon historical figures .
The best way to fight things like this is to learn and understand instead of trying to avoid it or bury it .
Yale has already decided to rename the Calhoun dorm . Hopefully the administration there will at least have a plaque on the dorm that explains the building 's history and the importance of knowing that at one point it was named after Calhoun .
Opinion editor Thomas Dwyer is a broadcast journalism sophomore and can be reached at [ email protected ]
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
HEALTH : Tackling HIV
New approach makes cells resistant to HIV
Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute ( TSRI ) have found a way to tether HIV-fighting antibodies to immune cells , creating a cell population resistant to the virus . Their experiments under lab conditions show that these resistant cells can quickly replace diseased cells , potentially curing the disease in a person with HIV .
“ This protection would be long term , ” said Jia Xie , senior staff scientist at TSRI and first author of the study published on April 10 in the journal ` Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ' .
The researchers , led by study senior author Richard Lerner , M.D. , Lita Annenberg Hazen Professor of Immunochemistry at TSRI , plan to collaborate with investigators at City of Hope 's Center for Gene Therapy to evaluate this new therapy in efficacy and safety tests , as required by federal regulations , prior to testing in patients .
“ City of Hope currently has active clinical trials of gene therapy for AIDS using blood stem cell transplantation , and this experience will be applied to the task of bringing this discovery to the clinic , ” said John A. Zaia , M.D. , director of the Center for Gene Therapy in the Hematological Malignancy and Stem Cell Transplantation Institute at City of Hope . “ The ultimate goal will be the control of HIV in patients with AIDS without the need for other medications . ”
“ We at TSRI are honored to be able to collaborate with physicians and scientists at City of Hope , whose expertise in transplantation in HIV patients should hopefully allow this therapy to be used in people , ” added Lerner .
The new TSRI technique offers a significant advantage over therapies where antibodies float freely in the bloodstream at a relatively low concentration . Instead , antibodies in the new study hang on to a cell 's surface , blocking HIV from accessing a crucial cell receptor and spreading infection .
Xie called it the “ neighbour effect. ” An antibody stuck nearby is more effective than having many antibodies floating throughout the bloodstream . “ You do n't need to have so many molecules on one cell to be effective , ” he said .
Before testing their system against HIV , the scientists used rhinovirus ( responsible for many cases of the common cold ) as a model . They used a vector called lentivirus to deliver a new gene to cultured human cells . This gene instructed cells to synthesize antibodies that bind with the human cell receptor ( ICAM-1 ) that rhinovirus needs . With the antibodies monopolising that site , the virus can not enter the cell to spread infection .
“ This is really a form of cellular vaccination , ” said Lerner .
Because the delivery system ca n't reach exactly 100 percent of cells , the finished product was a mix of engineered and unengineered cells . The researchers then added rhinovirus to these cell populations and waited to see what would happen .
The vast majority of cells died in about two days . In dishes with only unengineered cells , the population never recovered . There was an initial die-off in the mixed engineered/unengineered populations , too , but their numbers quickly bounced back . After 125 hours , these cell populations were back up to around the same levels as cells in an undiseased control group .
In essence , the researchers had forced the cells to compete in Darwinian , “ survival-of-the-fittest ” selection in a lab dish . Cells without antibody protection died off , leaving protected cells to survive and multiply , passing on the protective gene to new cells .
This success led the researchers to test the same technique against HIV . To infect a person , all strains of HIV need to bind with a cell surface receptor called CD4 . So the scientists tested antibodies that could potentially protect this receptor on the very immune cells normally killed by HIV . “ This research is possible because of the ability to select specialised antibodies from combinatorial antibody libraries , ” said Lerner .
Again , their technique worked . After introducing cells to the virus , the researchers ended up with an HIV-resistant population . The antibodies recognised the CD4 binding site , blocking HIV from getting to the receptor .
The scientists further confirmed that these tethered antibodies blocked HIV more effectively than free-floating , soluble antibodies in experiments led by study co-authors Devin Sok of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative ( IAVI ) and TSRI Professor Dennis R. Burton , who is also scientific director of the IAVI Neutralising Antibody Center and of the National Institutes of Health 's Center for HIV/AIDS Vaccine Immunology and Immunogen Discovery ( CHAVI-ID ) at TSRI .
Joseph Alvarnas , M.D. , director of Value-Based Analytics at City of Hope , explained how the TSRI technique could help patients , who–despite treatment with anti-retroviral drugs–still suffer from higher rates of diseases , such as cancers . “ HIV is treatable but not curable–this remains a disease that causes a lot of suffering . That makes the case for why these technologies are so important , ” he said .
In addition to potentially collaborating with City of Hope , Xie said the next step in this research is to try engineering antibodies to protect a different receptor on the cell surface .
The Scripps Research Institute ( TSRI ) is one of the world 's largest independent , not-for-profit organisations focusing on research in the biomedical sciences . TSRI is internationally recognised for its contributions to science and health , including its role in laying the foundation for new treatments for cancer , rheumatoid arthritis , hemophilia , and other diseases . An institution that evolved from the Scripps Metabolic Clinic founded by philanthropist Ellen Browning Scripps in 1924 , the institute now employs more than 2,500 people on its campuses in La Jolla , CA , and Jupiter , FL , where its renowned scientists–including two Nobel laureates and 20 members of the National Academies of Science , Engineering or Medicine–work toward their next discoveries .
The institute 's graduate program , which awards PhD degrees in biology and chemistry , ranks among the top ten of its kind in the nation .
In October 2016 , TSRI announced a strategic affiliation with the California Institute for Biomedical Research ( Calibr ) , representing a renewed commitment to the discovery and development of new medicines to address unmet medical needs .
Meanwhile , City of Hope is an independent research and treatment center for cancer , diabetes and other life-threatening diseases . Designated as one of only 47 comprehensive cancer centers , the highest recognition bestowed by the National Cancer Institute , City of Hope is also a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network , with research and treatment protocols that advance care throughout the world . City of Hope is located in Duarte , California , just northeast of Los Angeles , with community clinics throughout Southern California . It is ranked as one of “ America 's Best Hospitals ” in cancer by U.S. News & World Report . Founded in 1913 , City of Hope is a pioneer in the fields of bone marrow transplantation , diabetes and numerous breakthrough cancer drugs based on technology developed at the institution .
* * * *
Source : Scripps Research Institute .
The post HEALTH : Tackling HIV appeared first on The Independent Uganda : .
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda : . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gov . Ivey Signs Grant to Aide Domestic Violence Victims in Montgomery Co .
by Rashad Snell
Gov . Kay Ivey has awarded a $ 498,124 grant to expand the free , professional services available to victims of domestic violence in Montgomery County .
One Place Family Justice Center is using grant funds to expand its staff which will allow the center to assist 950 victims over the next year , officials said . The center serves as a central location where a multi-disciplinary team of professionals work together to provide coordinated services to victims .
“ Having the right personnel in place can make all the difference in the lives of those who have just been through something horrific , ” Ivey said . “ I commend the work One Place has done for domestic violence victims in Montgomery County , and am proud that this grant will enable the center to hire staff to help even more people . ”
One Place will hire two specialists who assist victims in obtaining crisis intervention services through the center or at other service organizations in the community . Additionally , the Montgomery County District Attorney 's Office will use funds to hire an officer for One Place who specializes in abuse cases involving the elderly .
The grant also will help the Family Sunshine Center to employ two case managers who will work directly through One Place to assist victims of domestic and sexual violence . The Family Sunshine Center will also hire a new legal advocate to work with clients who need safety and emergency legal assistance .
The Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs is administering the grant from funds made available to the state by the U.S. Department of Justice .
“ Thanks to the leadership of Gov . Ivey and ADECA 's partnership with local nonprofit organizations like One Place , invaluable services are being provided to victims of domestic violence , ” ADECA Director Kenneth Boswell said . “ Gov . Ivey is a strong advocate for domestic violence victims in Alabama , and this grant will help ensure those in the Montgomery area who have suffered from this terrible crime will have the resources they need to recover . ”
ADECA manages a wide array of programs that support law enforcement and traffic safety , energy conservation , water resource management , economic development and recreation .
Lens Description : High-performance wide-angle zoom features Nano Crystal Coat and VR image stabilization for dramatically sharper still images and video capture .
Photography Life Review Summary : After weeks of testing the Nikon 16-35mm VR , I am very impressed with its performance and contrast . I do not see a reason to buy the more expensive Nikon 17-35mm f/2.8D anymore . Another big plus to the Nikon 16-35mm is Vibration Reduction , which truly does help when you shoot hand-held in dim environments . I took this lens for a real challenge and shot in very dark corners of Denver and VR worked beautifully , allowing me to shoot at extremely slow shutter speeds of 1/10th of a second and slower – something I have never been able to do with the 17-35mm or the 24-70mm lenses . Read the full Nikon AF-S NIKKOR 16-35mm f/4G ED VR Review by Photography Life .
Nikon AF-S NIKKOR 16-35mm f/4G ED VR Specifications
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Israel 's attorney general says an investigation looking into two corruption allegations against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in its `` final stretch . ''
Speaking at a meeting of the Israel Bar Association Wednesday , Avichai Mandelblit says dozens of witnesses have been questioned in various countries as part of the probe . He says authorities will `` not be afraid to take difficult decisions '' if needed .
One probe reportedly concerns allegations Netanyahu improperly received lavish gifts from Hollywood and business figures .
Another is over secret talks with the publisher of a major Israeli newspaper in which Netanyahu allegedly requested positive coverage in exchange for reining in a free pro-Netanyahu daily .
Netanyahu has denied wrongdoing and has dismissed the accusations as a witch hunt orchestrated by a hostile media .
Sightron SIII 8-32X56 target scope
Comes with box , sunshade
1/4 '' clicks
Target dot
30mm tube
Nice repeatable turrets and excellent glass in these scopes
Asking $ 650 shipped OBOComes with box , sunshade1/4 '' clicksTarget dot30mm tubeNice repeatable turrets and excellent glass in these scopes Last edited by crowsniper ; 02-14-2017 at 09:33 PM .
Adokiye Kyrian Replies Fan Who Asked For S * x On Instagram | SCREENSHOT
Acclaimed virgin Nigerian singer , Adokiye has ousted a fan who slid into her DM to ask her for her most priced possession – Her virginity ! The singer shared the chat online and said she is n't ready for s * x until after marriage ! Source : Instagram
The post Adokiye Kyrian Replies Fan Who Asked For S * x On Instagram | SCREENSHOT appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Viptela , the Software Defined WAN ( SD WAN ) company , announced today that its vice president of product management Chandro Prasad will participate on an expert panel at the upcoming WAN Summit in San Jose , California .
WHO :
Chandro Prasad , vice president of product management for Viptela , has more than 20 years of networking industry experience with Cisco , Nortel Networks and other leading technology vendors .
The panel will be moderated by Paul Brodsky , senior analyst for TeleGeography .
WHAT :
In this expert panel , `` Cloudify the WAN - How to Adapt your WAN to Accommodate Cloud-Based Applications '' the speakers will explore the evolution that is required for the WAN to provide a superior cloud user experience . Chandro Prasad will discuss lessons learned from Viptela 's SD-WAN cloud transformation deployments with Fortune 1000 companies , including best practices for :
WHERE :
WHEN :
HOW :
To schedule a conversation with Chandro Prasad , contact Marc Gendron at marc @ mgpr.net or 781-237-0341 . For more info visit : http : //www.wansummit.com/san-jose/index
About Viptela Viptela provides Fabric technology that Enterprises and Service Providers use to deliver a superior user to application experience . The solution is a single platform that enables multiple critical use-cases : including SD-WAN , Cloud , Network-as-a-Service and Application user experiences . It is a cloud delivered , secure , scalable , open and simple to deploy platform that is in use at thousands of sites , and is the most deployed solution by Global Fortune-1000 enterprises . Major carriers including Verizon and Singtel are using the Viptela Fabric to deliver network-as-a-service offerings to businesses . The company has been named a 2016 Red Herring Global 100 Company and CRN Tech Innovator . Viptela is backed by Sequoia Capital , Redline Capital and Northgate Capital . For more information , visit : viptela.com or follow us on Twitter @ viptela .
TORONTO – Officials in Toronto are trying to partially open three safe injection sites months earlier than anticipated , due to a rise in overdoses and deaths .
Dr. Eileen de Villa , Toronto 's medical officer of health , said “ interim safe injection sites ” will be opened at three Health Canada-approved permanent sites until renovations to the long-term facilities are complete .
“ We 're trying to open them as quickly as possible , ” she said , adding that , while she did n't have an exact date , the sites could be up and running in a matter of days .
Coun . Joe Cressy , a member of Toronto 's board of health , said he 'd spoken to city health officials about the accelerated opening .
“ We are hoping , at this point , to be in a position to have them open within a week , ” he said .
Toronto Public Health is opening one of the interim sites . It said in a statement that the sites will be a safe , hygenic place for people to inject drugs they 've bought beforehand under medical supervision .
The other two interim sites will be at community health centres not run by the city .
The effort comes after harm reduction workers began setting up an unsanctioned safe injection site in a downtown Toronto park , saying the space is needed as the city grapples with a string of overdoses and suspected overdose deaths .
“ Yes , we have been seeing an increase — and that 's why we 're talking about accelerating and expediting the plans we already had in place , ” da Villa said .
As the interim sites open , she added , staff will work to ensure that the permanent safe injection sites open as quickly as possible .
“ There are lots of logistics , lots of things that need to be taken care of , ” she said – both in opening the interim sites , and preparing for longer-term facilities .
Da Villa did n't have details on exactly how many staff members would be present at either interim or long-term facilities .
Last week , harm reduction workers said immediately opening interim drug use spaces would save lives while the city 's three supervised injection sites were constructed .
The three permanent safe injection sites were originally slated to open in the fall . Earlier this month , the city announced it would speed up the opening of all three sites , as well as widening the distribution of the opioid overdose antidote naloxone to public health staff , community agencies and first responders .
It also asked local police to consider having some officers carry naloxone .
A statement from Toronto police deputy chief Mike Federico advised anyone to deal with an overdose to call 911 .
“ To the Toronto Police Service , an overdose call is a medical emergency , not a law enforcement issue , ” it read . “ Our job is to get treatment to those who need it as soon as possible . ”
Toronto Public Health 's most recent data on opioid fatalities indicates that 87 people died from opioid use in the first half of 2016 , with 135 deaths in 2015 .
Note to readers : This is a corrected story . A previous version incorrectly stated that Toronto Public Health was opening three interim safe injection sites .
How many tranches are we up to now ?
You might recall , Attorney-General George Brandis used to enumerate the Abbott government 's various “ tranches ” of counter-terror laws as they ticked by , including the imposition of mass surveillance on Australians and a law to jail journalists who reported on intelligence operations . Brandis appears to have given it up after the “ sixth tranche ” , which was in 2016 .
The “ tranche ” framing has been replaced with one of ongoing reform , a permanent legal revolution , already reduced to cliche by Malcolm Turnbull , the man who gave us mass surveillance as communications minister , with his endless invocation that national security “ is no place for set and forget ” . Counter-terrorism laws must be constantly updated . Anyone who disagrees is necessarily on the side of terrorists , or at least of the wilfully negligent — those who would commit the crime of Setting and Forgetting .
When John Howard and Philip Ruddock first began the process of dramatically strengthening the powers of security agencies at the expense of individual rights in the years after 9/11 — as the War on Terror rolled across the Middle East in a great wave of death that only served to create new generations of disaffected and angry people ready to embrace extremism — the draconian changes they proposed were the subject of considerable debate . Occasionally , even the timid Labor Party expressed objections to some aspects ; a lunatic change by Ruddock to re-introduce the crime of “ sedition ” ended up being overturned .
[ Something is badly wrong with the way we protect ourselves from terrorism ]
And in the early stages of the “ tranches ” , the Abbott government , to its considerable credit , went further . It picked up a precedent established by Labor 's Nicola Roxon of tasking Parliament 's Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security with considering counter-terrorism changes . Under the leadership of Liberal Dan Tehan and Labor 's Anthony Byrne , the committee played a constructive role in assessing legislation .
More recently , now-Prime Minister Turnbull appointed Tehan to the ministry and turned the committee into a right-wing joke : Andrew Nikolic , Michael Sukkar and Andrew Hastie were , in succession , appointed to chair the committee , rendering it virtually useless as a mechanism for genuine scrutiny of bills .
And with Turnbull 's “ permanent reform ” mantra , there can be no genuine debate about even major changes to national security laws . Indeed , that 's the point ; it becomes more difficult for what pass as civil society bodies in Australia to keep up with constant changes , and to offer informed , thoughtful analysis of them . It 's legal whack-a-mole for bodies with limited resources as each new reform emerges . Meanwhile , the media , and voters , struggle to maintain their interest — ironic , since part of the “ permanent reform ” justification is the political imperative to be endlessly seen to be Doing Something about terrorism . Not , as in the case of both Abbott and Turnbull , that it helped politically .
So the latest iteration of the permanent reform are to make the mere possession of terrorist instructional material a crime , to extend detention periods and to make terror hoaxes a serious crime . None of the proposals are unproblematic . While those without a particular attachment to basic freedoms might accept the right of governments to dictate the mere possession of information ( not images , as with child abuse ) to be something that can constitute a crime , what precautions will there be to ensure that people with legitimate reason to possess such material — such as academics trying to study the process of radicalisation , which remains poorly understood — are n't jailed . Any extension of arbitrary detention periods , no matter what lurid scenarios are invoked , should be regarded sceptically . And ask UK man Paul Chambers about laws about terrorist hoaxes and see what sort of answer you get .
Meanwhile , one of the most common characteristics of terrorists and mass murderers continues to be on display . We know from the examples of the Nice truck driver , the Westminster attacker , the Florida nightclub gunman , one of the Boston Marathon bombers and our own Man Haron Monis that domestic violence and other forms of violence against women recur repeatedly in the backgrounds of terrorists . Now there are reports Stephen Paddock was abusive and controlling toward his partner .
Focusing on domestic violence and violence toward women can not be dismissed , as many cultural warriors on both the left and the right want to do , as an indulgence of middle-class feminists and some sort of thought crime against working-class men . It 's a well-demonstrated pointer to radicalisation and propensity to other forms of more catastrophic violence .
[ The Rosie Batty effect : a recent timeline of Australia 's response to domestic violence ]
Contrary to the claims of many of his critics , Tony Abbott significantly lifted funding for the National Plan To Reduce Violence Against Women and their Children and left a further substantial increase on top of that ready to go when he was removed as Prime Minister — it became Malcolm Turnbull 's first major announcement .
Politicians on all sides are now putting more resources into addressing both the causes and consequences of domestic violence . But , as a society , we still normalise and filter out the steady drip-drip-drip of murdered women : three women alone were murdered by former partners in New South Wales in the last week . The deaths elicit no prime ministerial press conferences or meetings of the national security committee of cabinet , no promises of further rounds of ever-more draconian laws . And certainly no tranches .
It 's a funny outcome at a time when anything even tangentially connected to terrorism is the object of obsessive attention by politicians keen to be seen as pro-active .
Photo
Pandora Media , the struggling internet radio giant , appointed a new chief executive on Monday , after a shakeup in June that installed SiriusXM as an influential new investor .
Roger Lynch , the chief of the video streaming service Sling TV , will leave that company to become the new chief executive and president of Pandora , and will also join Pandora 's board , according to announcements from both companies . Mr. Lynch will replace Tim Westergren , one of the founders of Pandora , who had served as chief executive for just over a year .
Pandora also announced that Michael Lynton , the chairman of Snap , the company behind the Snapchat app , and the former head of Sony Pictures Entertainment , will join Pandora 's board .
Naveen Chopra , who has served as Pandora 's interim chief executive since June , will continue as chief financial officer .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I can not imagine a more important and exciting time to join Pandora , ” Mr. Lynch said in a statement . “ With a massive , diverse and highly engaged audience , a market-leading digital advertising business , a best-in-class product portfolio and an extremely passionate and talented group of people , Pandora is well-positioned to capture an even greater market opportunity . ”
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — `` Incredible '' and `` kinetic '' are just a few of the loving words that people are using to describe and praise Marvel 's `` Black Panther . ''
The film from director Ryan Coogler had its first screenings Monday night and a premiere in Los Angeles . Official reviews wo n't go out until Feb. 6 , but audiences at the select screenings were able to share non-spoiler reactions on social media .
Los Angeles Times writer Jen Yamato tweets that it is incredible and kinetic and the first Marvel movie about something real . The film features a largely black cast including Chadwick Boseman , Michael B. Jordan and Lupita Nyong ' o . Vulture editor Kyle Buchanan singles out actress Letitia Wright who he calls hilarious and ebullient . Buzzfeed 's Adam Vary calls the film astonishing .
`` Black Panther '' hits the multiplex on Feb. 16 .
WORK is underway on a £1.2m project to transform a recently-mothballed Leeds fire station into multi-purpose community centre .
Gipton Fire Station had served Leeds from 1937 until it was closed at the end of 2015 , with its services moved to Killingbeck .
The landmark building , which had been West Yorkshire 's oldest operational fire station , is now owned by GFS Community Enterprise , which is part of Leeds Community Foundation .
Initial enabling works are now complete and York-based contractor Simpson has started work converting and extending the building .
The cost of the project is being part funded by Jimbo 's Fund , which was established by the late Leeds businessman and philanthropist Jimi Heselden , who died six years ago .
Sally-Anne Greenfield , chief executive at Leeds Community Foundation , says : “ A great deal of planning has gone into this project and we 're delighted to see work starting on site . This centre can become the heart of the local community providing a sustainable , secure and accessible space , as well as being a lasting legacy to Jimi Heselden . ”
When it opens this summer , the community centre will be occupied by six local charities and voluntary organisations including Gipton Supported Independent Living ( GIPSIL ) , Healthwatch , Leeds United Foundation , People in Action , Space2 and Zest Health for Life .
It will also offer a wide range of services including a community café and offices .
Jacques is an older neutered male Poodle . He had severe dental disease necessitating a dental procedure and lost most of his teeth . He is a real lap dog and seems to prefer to be the only dog .
Visit Jacques and other cats and dogs available for adoption at the Trumbull Animal Shelter , 324 Church Hill Road , or call 203-452-5088 for more information .
Seeking donations
The Trumbull Animal Shelter is always in need of the following items : Canned cat food , clay cat litter , large rawhide , Kong or Nylabones for larger breed dogs . They can be dropped off at the Trumbull Animal Shelter .
By Michael Church
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Former Australia coach Pim Verbeek has backed incumbent Bert van Marwijk to make a major impact with the Socceroos at the World Cup finals in Russia despite his fellow Dutchman only taking on the role in late January .
The much-travelled Van Marwijk was brought in as a temporary replacement for Ange Postecoglou , who stepped down in November despite securing the country 's qualification for a fourth straight final .
With Van Marwijk confirmed less than five months before the World Cup kicks off , time has been of the essence but Verbeek believes his compatriot 's know-how and Australia 's experience with Dutch coaches means the combination should bear fruit .
`` I think it 's a very good fit because , first of all , Dutch coaches have done well in Australia , '' Verbeek told Reuters .
`` The mentality is good . It 's a good combination , '' added the 62-year-old , who took the Socceroos to the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa .
`` Bert is very experienced , he 's been to the World Cup with Holland and he knows what to do and I think it 's a big challenge for him because in the end his preparation is three weeks before the World Cup starts .
`` He has a plan and he knows what to do and he has good staff around him so I think they can do a job . ''
Van Marwijk , who guided Saudi Arabia to this year 's finals before stepping down over a contract dispute , will be the third Dutch coach to take the Australians to a World Cup , following in the footsteps of Guus Hiddink and Verbeek .
Hiddink qualified the Socceroos for the Round of 16 in 2006 , where they were narrowly defeated by eventual champions Italy , while Verbeek 's team just missed out on a place in the knockout phase four years later .
Van Marwijk 's side will start their 2018 campaign against France on June 16 , before meeting Denmark and Peru in Group C of this year 's finals .
Story Continues
The 66-year-old is a coach Verbeek knows well with Van Marwijk succeeding him as coach at Fortuna Sittard in 1998 .
From there , he went on to win the UEFA Cup with Feyenoord in 2002 before taking the Dutch to the World Cup final in 2010 , and Verbeek believes a strong showing with Australia will be the perfect way for Van Marwijk to round out an impressive career .
`` They have a tough group but he knew that before he signed , '' Verbeek said . `` For Bert , this is probably his last job , so he was willing to go to the World Cup and he 'll like the mentality of the Australian players , that fighting mentality they have .
`` This would be a fantastic finish to his career and for Australia I think it 's good to have such an experienced coach . ''
( Reporting by Michael Church ; Editing by John O'Brien )
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) — The Latest on three juveniles being injured in bear mauling near Anchorage ( all times local ) :
3:45 p.m .
Three juveniles were mauled Wednesday after coming across a grizzly bear and her two cubs while they were hiking in a heavily wooded area just north of Alaska 's largest city .
Anchorage authorities said four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured after running into the bears . Police say three juveniles were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . The other youth was n't injured .
Ken Marsh is the spokesman for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game . He says it 's possible this group just surprised the bears , and the mother reacted `` defensively , pretty much in brown bear fashion . ''
The search for the bears has been called off . Officials will put up signs warning people of bear activity in the area .
___
1:57 p.m .
Three hikers have been injured following a run-in with a bear at a campground near Alaska 's largest city .
Anchorage authorities say four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured by a grizzly bear with two cubs . They were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .
Anchorage police said in a news release say that while responding officers were searching for the hikers they were charged by the bear and shot at it . The bear 's status was not immediately known .
URL ( Ultimate Rap League ) took it back to the essence on Saturday ( 12/9 ) when they hosted their most recent event , Smack Vol . 1 . Taking a break from the bright lights and big stages and putting the focus back on what got everybody to fall in love with the culture in the first place , the hunger . Just 2 emcees standing face to face and battling it out to see who is the superior talent .
The event took place in a private setting with limited guests allowed to be in attendance and the details were kept very secret until the day of the event . The card featured a mix of battle raps most respected emcees and to say that they delivered what fans were expecting and hoping for would be an understatement . Nearly every battler involved put their heart and soul into their rounds and showed that they deserve to be spotlighted on the worlds most respected battle league , the URL .
The veterans and up and comers were both represented properly with Iron Solomon making his return to the URL stage in a classic battle vs Rum Nitty , and rising star Nu Jerzy Twork showing the world that he 's here to stay in a great battle vs one of the battle raps top lyricists JC . Overall , the event was a huge success and even has battle rap legends such as Murda Mook and Hollow Da Don anxious to get back in the small room and show the world that they can still compete in smaller settings .
The event can be purchased on PPV for $ 40 at watchbattlelive.com and the quality is top of the line . Die hard fans and casual fans alike are sure to be thoroughly pleased with the outcome of this incredible event .
Dino Melaye : Jimoh Moshood storms hospital with 30 armed policemen
The spokesman of the Nigeria Police Force , Jimoh Moshood , has led at least 30 armed policemen to Zankili Medical Center , Mabushi , Abuja , where Dino Melaye is being treated . The Senator representing Kogi west was admitted into the hospital after he attempted to escape from police custody on Tuesday . They stormed the premises and enquiring to [ … ]
Dino Melaye : Jimoh Moshood storms hospital with 30 armed policemen
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AP Photo/Wong Maye-E
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — A failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland in 2001 may have doomed the leadership dreams of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un 's elder brother , who was assassinated this week in an airport in Malaysia . Banished from his father 's favor , Kim Jong Nam frequented casinos and five-star hotels and traveled around Asia , with little say in North Korean affairs . His life in exile ended Monday when he was killed in the Kuala Lumpur International Airport . Officials in South Korea believe the attack was carried out by North Korean agents . Despite multiple reported assassination attempts over the years , Kim Jong Nam still belonged to the most important family in North Korea and was a direct blood descendant of the nation 's founder Kim Il Sung . Estranged from his relatives for years , the 45-year-old gambler and playboy played a key , if complicated part in the dynasty that has ruled for three generations since North Korea 's founding in 1948 . PARENTS Kim Jong Nam was the eldest son of Kim Jong Il , the second-generation leader of North Korea . Kim Jong Il had three known sons with two women . Jong Nam was born from his father 's unofficial relationship with North Korean actress Sung Hae Rim . Kim Jong Il forced Sung to divorce her first husband and live with him , but his father , North Korean founder Kim Il Sung , never accepted Sung as his daughter-in-law . Kim Jong Il reportedly kept Kim Jong Nam 's 1971 birth a secret from his father for several years . Sung was reportedly forced to leave North Korea and died in Moscow in 2002 . Despite his mother 's exile , some foreign experts believed that Kim Jong Nam would end up inheriting power because of a traditional Korean value system that favors the eldest son as heir . Unlike his mother , Kim Jong Nam eventually won the affection of his grandfather , who died in 1994 , according to South Korean media . BROTHERS AND SISTERS Kim Jong Nam 's two younger brothers share a mother : Kim Jong Il 's Japan-born mistress , the dancer Ko Yong Hui . Ko 's links to Japan , which colonized the Korean Peninsula in the early part of the 20th century , led some to believe that Kim Jong Nam would outpace his siblings in the succession race . Ko immigrated to North Korea in the 1960s from Japan , where she had lived among the ethnic Korean minority . She died in Paris in 2004 . Kim Jong-un became the North 's supreme leader in late 2011 upon the death of his father . Believed to be in his early 30s , Kim Jong-un has carried out a series of high-profile executions and purges , and outside experts say few can now challenge his rule . The other brother , Kim Jong Chol , was once viewed by some outsiders as a potential candidate for leader . But a former sushi chef of Kim Jong Il said the late leader derided the middle son , known as a huge fan of rock guitarist Eric Clapton , as “ girlish. ” The brothers also had at least two known sisters . Kim Yo Jong is a full sibling to Kim Jong-un and is a top propaganda official in North Korea . Another sister , Kim Sol Song , was born from Kim Jong Il 's relationship with another woman , Kim Yong Sok . There has been little information about Kim Sol Song , but unconfirmed rumors in the South say she is being detained . AUNT AND UNCLE Kim Kyong Hui , Kim Jong Il 's younger sister , was reportedly behind the expulsion of Kim Jong Nam 's mother to the then-Soviet Union in the 1970s . Kim Kyong Hui and her husband Jang Song Thaek then acted as Kim Jong Nam 's caretaker . But Jong Nam gradually lost favor with his father . He reportedly spent too much money at a Pyongyang hotel and made wild shopping excursions to China . When he was detained in Tokyo for trying to enter the country with a fake Dominican passport , he sported a diamond-encrusted Rolex watch and carried wads of cash . Kim Kyong Hui and Jang were believed to have been important in grooming Kim Jong-un for leadership , and after he succeeded his father , they initially enjoyed great power . Jang was seen as the country 's No.2 until he was stripped of all posts and executed in a sudden purge for alleged treason in 2013 . Kim Kyong Hui , who was reportedly seriously ill , disappeared from the public eye . — Follow Hyung-jin Kim on Twitter at twitter.com/hyungjin1972
Comments
comments
Job listings sometimes paint a sugar-coated picture of what a position actually entails . Other times they 're a bit too honest .
Take this posting for an open photo editor position , for example .
Time Out New York posted the below listing , which awkwardly appeared to include an internal memo justifying the open role rather than the public-facing description for job applicants . It reads more like a novella in which the protagonist , Melissa , has fallen victim to an unmanageable workload and is facing potential burnout .
The description , which has since been deleted , explains the dire working situation of Melissa Sinclair , photo director at Time Out North America . “ She 's been forced to do all of this work herself and is currently completely swamped and overwhelmed , ” it reads . ” ... I 'm concerned about Melissa getting burnt out and potentially wanting to leave . ”
The current situation with the photo team in the US i.e . Melissa Sinclair , is not a long-term solution . Currently , we have an agreed budget of $ 2,200 per issue for a freelance Photo Editor , 10 hours work at $ 22 p/h , which would normally be completely fine , however the issue is that Melissa physically can not find good enough candidates to fill these freelance positions , and at the current rate of magazine production , she needs multiples people available to work on multiple cities , simultaneously . Because she ca n't find people for these freelance positions , she 's been forced to do all of this work herself and is currently completely swamped and overwhelmed . The design team has had to chip in and help her , which is not ideal , but has been required to get the magazines out the door in time . Joel is in agreement with Tom Hislop that for a considerably smaller amount of money , we could definitely solve this issue by replacing all these freelancers with a single , full-time position . Currently , we 're spending $ 48,400 per year on freelance photo editors for these cities , 22 magazines in total , at $ 2,200 per issue . We could definitely hire a photo editor for 40-45k , and having them full-time in the office would make them a far more valuable asset than relying on freelancers . Tom would like to address this ASAP , especially as we have a really busy magazine schedule coming up in October , and our current setup is not a long-term solution . I 'm concerned about Melissa getting burnt out and potentially wanting to leave .
Uhhh , yeah , we 're now concerned about Melissa , too . This extremely detailed account of the amount of work with which she 's been “ completely swamped and overwhelmed ” has all the makings of employee burnout .
For those unfamiliar with the term , burnout refers to “ a state of physical , emotional or mental exhaustion combined with doubts about your competence and the value of your work , ” according to the Mayo Clinic . Feeling overworked and overwhelmed impacts over half of U.S. employees , according to a recent study reported by ABC .
This tracks with commiserating responses posted on social media . The job listing evoked a slew of reactions , with one person applauding its honesty , another calling the mistake “ hilarious ” and one remarking on the “ grim ” reality of what photo editors are paid in New York City .
One sentiment shared by many of the respondents is that Melissa should get a raise .
Hilarious . Guess someone sent this in an email and the person doing the job posting just threw it up . Also Melissa should ask for a raise https : //t.co/HzNawIMrau — Chris B . Brown ( @ smartfootball ) September 29 , 2017
tbh every job description should be like this https : //t.co/if21SkXrf8 — Whet Moser ( @ whet ) September 29 , 2017
This is crazy but also incredibly grim that Time Out is paying 40-45k for a photo editor in NYC . https : //t.co/B5MPRKlTin — Tom Gara ( @ tomgara ) September 29 , 2017
Melissa is DOING EVERYTHING — Brandy Zadrozny ( @ BrandyZadrozny ) September 29 , 2017
Melissa deserves a raise and an assistant https : //t.co/5uBYbTAKJd — Andrew Ba Tran ( @ abtran ) September 29 , 2017
I 'm not a hashtag person but # GiveMelissaARaise — Brandy Zadrozny ( @ BrandyZadrozny ) September 29 , 2017
If you own a Sony Xperia XA1 , Sony Xperia XA1 Plus or Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra smartphone , chances are you can now update your devices to the Android 8.0 Oreo software update .
Announced last year in September , the Sony Xperia XA1 family came as Xperia XA1 , Xperia XA1 Plus , and Xperia XA1 Ultra , powered by Google 's Android 7.0 ( Nougat ) operating system , but Sony promised that it would offer the Android 8.0 ( Oreo ) release via a future software update , though no release date was given .
Now , Xperia Blog reports that owners of the Sony Xperia XA1 , Xperia XA1 Plus , and Xperia XA1 Ultra smartphones can now finally update to the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system , which introduces numerous new features and improvements . The update also includes February 2018 's Android Security Patch level .
Sony Xperia XA1 owners can finally enjoy Android Oreo
With this significant software update , Sony Xperia XA1 owners can finally enjoy Android Oreo 's enhancements , including Picture-in-Picture ( PiP ) mode , background limits for apps , Android Instant Apps , smart text selection , Autofill improvements , notification dots , and numerous stability and security fixes .
Android Oreo also brings Night Light , new emojis , app shortcuts and widgets , a new Settings menu , Google Play Protect , Wi-Fi Aware , new battery features , scalable icons for a more unified look , smaller persistent notifications , revamped Quick Settings , as well as the ability to snooze notifications .
Without any further ado , go ahead an update your Sony Xperia XA1 , Xperia XA1 Plus or Xperia XA1 Ultra smartphone to the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system right now to receive all these goodies . The build number of the Android 8.0.0 Oreo update is 48.1.A.0.116 , which upgrades the 48.0.A.1.131 firmware based on Android 7.0 Nougat .
With the Android 8.0 Oreo update now rolling out to the Sony Xperia XA1 family , we 're hoping that Sony will also prepare the Android 8.1 Oreo incremental update in the coming weeks . Until then , let us know if you managed to install Android Oreo on your Sony Xperia XA1 , XA1 Plus or XA1 Ultra and how it works for you so far .
Android Oreo update for Sony Xperia XA1 family
Katie Bowen – fashion writer and Cambridge-based personal stylist – offers fashion advice for the racing season and gives style guidelines on perfect Ladies Day outfits .
Going to the races is not just about the horses of course , it is also about getting dresses up and having a glass of champagne or two . Ladies Days at Cheltenham , Aintree , Epsom , Ascot and Goodwood are all big dates in the British racing calendar . If you are lucky enough to be attending you will want a stylish Ladies Day outfits to wear .
Etiquette and Dress Codes
There will be different dress codes and etiquette for each event , race course and type of ticket that you have . When picking an outfit , ignore trends and go with what suits you . If you are going to go for a particular trend in terms of your outfit , it needs to be worn in a classic way .
Generally Ladies Day Outfits and dress codes for bigger events call for a more formal style of dress . Some tickets allow for a casual dress although you definitely wo n't look out of place if you want to get dressed up . To be sure , you should check the race course website well in advance of the day , therefore giving you plenty of time to plan your outfit . Some race courses do n't allow bare legs , anything above the knee or uncovered shoulders . So do look into what the dress code is .
Race Day Dresses
This beautiful necklace halter neck dress from Warehouse highlights a slim waist , with wrap effect at the bottom adding a touch of glamour .
The dress is made from lightweight yellow silk and the floaty hem sits just above the knee . Accessorize with matching heels and a clutch bag .
For a simple and bold statement , this neutral bravo dress from Coast is a perfect choice but is not for the shy and retiring .
The a-line ivory spot dress is a stylish 1950 's inspired piece . Beautiful silk taffeta is cinched in at the waist to create a flattering silhouette . Fully lined and with a concealed side zip detail , the dress is 50 % silk 50 % polyester .
If you preferred to wear more than one colour then a maxi dress is a good choice , whilst keeping your accessories simple . For inspiration , see below for the maxi dress that Coleen Rooney wore to the races in 2009 . She teamed her colourful maxi dress with matching gold accessories .
Hat or Fascinator ?
Generally for a more formal racing event , a hat is required but a fascinator is also acceptable . Structured fascinators are increasing in popularity . For a timeless look opt for a classic wide brimmed dress hat .
Race Day Accessories
Generally speaking a ladies day outfit will not require very much in the way of accessories as you will already have one statement accessory with your hat or fascinator . Usually it is best to keep with simple with perhaps just a necklace .
Finally , a good deal of walking is done on any racecourse , so you maybe it 's best to avoid the new popular trend of wearing sky high heels . After all , no-one looks good when they are unable to walk properly !
Images reproduced from myfashionlife.com , dressesfortheraces.com , look.co.uk and lovetheraces.com
© 2017 – 2016 , City Connect News . Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below .
Related articles :
Gabriel Canas , a bus driver from El Salvador who fled his homeland after members of MS-13 stormed his bus , did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances .
He had n't spoken to his 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier . And in that time , he had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another .
`` The day I had my interview , I was n't well because they 'd taken my daughter away . I was worried sick . I did n't know where she was . I had n't spoken to her , '' Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas , where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration 's `` zero tolerance '' policy await their fate .
His case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations : Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children . The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families can not return home safely .
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to his child . The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order . On Monday , an immigration judge upheld it .
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum . But Canas blames his poor interview and plans to seek another one .
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite , putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service .
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent 's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each , according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin . Getting an answer can take a week .
To clear the initial hurdle , asylum seekers must demonstrate a `` significant possibility '' that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race , religion , nationality , membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home .
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest . Attorneys say many asylum seekers , usually speaking through translators , fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases .
The risks of the interviews do n't trouble immigration hard-liners . Many of them see the asylum process as a joke , saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S . When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process , hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script .
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel , including Canas .
`` The first thing he said to the asylum officer was : Do you know where my daughter is ? '' said Sepulveda , who found the girl in Arizona after she was transferred there from Chicago .
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20 , border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution . But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated . A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days , or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old .
Many of the parents have already been interviewed . Goodwin , who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers , estimates that her attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June . Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews .
Among those parents , more than half had talked to their children by phone . But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was .
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January , according to the latest published statistics . That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum .
In Canas ' case , the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions .
`` It 's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate , '' Judge Morris Onyewuchi said . `` But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion , gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum . ''
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and , if not , the interview is rescheduled .
`` All applicants are asked about their health , to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer . Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have , '' the agency said in a statement .
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening .
`` We are talking to people who are distraught because they do n't know where their children are and they 're facing a complex , potentially life-or-death interview , '' said Wendy Young , president of the group . `` To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you 're so focused on the safety of your child , I ca n't imagine what that feels like . ''
Canas , who was separated from his daughter at the Texas border , hopes to be reunited with her and to join his legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. His chances are poor , Sepulveda said , but he will seek a fresh asylum review .
`` The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter 's life , '' he said . `` That 's all . ''
———
See AP 's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration 's policy of family separation at the border : https : //apnews.com/tag/Immigration
Getty Image HFPA
We are officially in the thick of awards season , thanks to this morning 's announcements of the 75th Annual Golden Globe Award nominations from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . The nominees were read by Alfre Woodard , Garrett Hedlund , Kristen Bell and Sharon Stone and include many we all saw coming ( Lady Bird and Get Out , natch ) and some that will leave many scratching their heads ( we now live in a world with “ the Golden Globe-nominated Boss Baby. ” ) Also of note : Christopher Plummer has earned a nomination for his last-minute work on All the Money in the World , in which he subbed in for the disgraced Kevin Spacey .
We 'll find out who wins when Seth Meyers hosts the 75th Annual Golden Globes on Sunday , January 7 , 2017 starting at 8 pm ET on NBC .
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Motion Picture- Musical/Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I , Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet , Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis , Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks , The Post
Gary Oldman , The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington , Roman J. Israel , Esq .
Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain , Molly 's Game
Sally Hawkins , The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Meryl Streep , The Post
Michelle Williams , All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical/Comedy
Steve Carell , Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort , Baby Driver
James Franco , The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman , The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya , Get Out
Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical/Comedy
Judi Dench , Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie , I , Tonya
Saoirse Ronan , Lady Bird
Emma Stone , Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren , The Leisure Seeker
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe , The Florida Project
Armie Hammer , Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins , The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer , All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige , Mudbound
Hong Chau , Downsizing
Allison Janney , I , Tonya
Laurie Metcalf , Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer , The Shape of Water
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro , The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Christopher Nolan , Dunkirk
Ridley Scott , All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg , The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Molly 's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Foreign Langauge Film
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Television Series – Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid 's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Television Series – Comedy
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Musical/Comedy
Anthony Anderson – Black-ish
Aziz Ansari – Master of None
Kevin Bacon – I Love Dick
William H. Macy – Shameless
Eric McCormack – Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actress – Musical/Comedy
Pamela Adlon – Better Things
Alison Brie – Glow
Issa Rae – Insecure
Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Frankie Shaw – SMILF
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Drama
Sterling K. Brown , This is Us
Freddie Highmore , The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk , Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber , Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman , Ozark
Best Actress Television Performance by an Actress – Drama
Caitriona Balfe , Outlander
Claire Foy , The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal , The Deuce
Katherine Langford , 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss , The Handmaid 's Tale
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Limited Series
Robert De Niro – The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law – The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan – Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor – Fargo
Geoffrey Rush – Genius
Best Television Performance by an Actress – Limited Series
Jessica Biel – The Sinner
Nicole Kidman – Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange – Feud : Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon – Feud : Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon – Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor – Television
Alfred Molina – Feud : Bette and Joan
Alexander Skarsgard – Big Little Lies
David Thewlis – Fargo
David Harbour – Stranger Things
Christian Slater – Mr . Robot
Best Supporting Actress – Television
Laura Dern – Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd – The Handmaid 's Tale
Chrissy Metz – This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer – The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley – Big Little Lies
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud : Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake : China Girl
Smoke rises in distance from County Fire near County Road 63 and Highway 16 in Rumsey Canyon in this # CountyFire image on social media in Brooks , California , U.S. , July 2 , 2018 . Courtesy California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection/Handout via REUTERS
By Dan Whitcomb and Keith Coffman
( Reuters ) - Wind gusts of up to 25 miles ( 40 km ) per hour may hamper firefighters battling a wildfire in Northern California on Wednesday , the National Weather Service said .
Efforts to contain the fire , which broke out on Saturday afternoon in rural Yolo County , west of Sacramento , have been complicated by rough terrain . Hundreds of residents have evacuated .
The County Fire has blackened more than 72,500 acres ( 29,340 hectares ) of grass , brush and dense scrub oak , the California Fire authority said late on Tuesday .
The United States is in the midst of an unusually active fire season , with the risk significantly above normal for many western states , according to federal forecasters .
The County Fire was 15 percent contained with more than 2,600 fire personnel battling the flames , the California Fire authority said .
`` Their efforts have been hampered on the northern end of the fire by steep , inaccessible terrain , '' the agency said in an advisory .
Temperatures will be in the mid 80s Fahrenheit , the National Weather Service said .
The blaze threatened about 980 structures , a local NBC affiliate reported , as authorities issued evacuation orders and advisories to hundreds of residents .
The smoke reached about 75 miles south to San Francisco , leaving a film of ash on cars and windows . No casualties have been reported .
Wildfires have burned through nearly 2.5 million acres in the United States from Jan. 1 through Monday , well above an average of about 2.3 million for the same period over the last 10 years , according to the National Interagency Fire Center .
In Colorado , firefighters face hot temperatures , low humidity and gusty winds on Wednesday as they battle eight major blazes which have torched over 140,000 acres in the drought-stricken state .
The largest wildfire , the Spring Fire , was 85,000 acres in southern Colorado . It has destroyed more than 100 homes , forced the evacuations of several small communities and closed a key mountain-pass road . The wildfire was just 5 percent contained .
Danish national Jesper Joergensen , 52 , is suspected of starting the fire and is being held on first-degree arson charges . He is in the country illegally and may face deportation , police said .
( Additional reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee ; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky )
The Los Angeles Lakers were without Lonzo Ball for a ninth straight game on Friday . But rather than succumb to a lack of energy , effort and playmaking without their rookie point guard , Brook Lopez , Julius Randle , Brandon Ingram and first-year swingman Josh Hart picked up the slack in a 102-109 win over D'Angelo Russell , Spencer Dinwiddie and the Brooklyn Nets at the Barclays Center .
Hart , starting in place of Tyler Ennis , hustled for a career-high ( and Lonzo-like ) 14 rebounds to go with his 15 points , two assists and three three-pointers . Brandon Ingram , serving as the nominal point guard in Ball 's absence , tallied a personal-best 10 assists against just two turnovers . The second-year “ Slenderman ” added 16 points ( 6-of-8 at the free-throw line ) and eight rebounds to flirt with a triple-double .
L.A. 's frontcourt took full advantage of the Nets ' youth in the middle . Though Brooklyn rookie Jarrett Allen did well to pick-and-roll his way to a career-high 20 points , Kenny Atkinson 's club had no answers on the other end for Lopez and Randle .
Brook used his first game back in Brooklyn , where he spent five of his nine Nets seasons , to recover from a frustrating night in Orlando with 19 points , three three-pointers and three blocks . Ju , meanwhile , bullied his way to his fourth double-double in his last six games ( 19 points , 12 rebounds ) , albeit while tallying five of the Lakers ' 15 turnovers .
L.A. 's pace was n't quite where head coach Luke Walton would like it ( and where Lonzo would usually have it ) , especially against a Nets squad that ranked among the league 's top six in possessions per game coming into the night . And though the Lakers suffered some disconcerting defensive lapses , they did well to dominate the glass ( 56-38 ) and avoid getting burned by Brooklyn from beyond the arc ( 9-of-29 , 31.0 percent ) .
Russell and Dinwiddie gave the Purple and Gold their fair share of problems . The former , whom the Lakers dealt to Brooklyn in a blockbuster trade involving Lopez and Timofey Mozgov before the 2017 draft , scored 15 points on 7-of-18 shooting off the bench . The latter , previously a prep star at Taft High School , stuffed the stat sheet with 23 points , seven rebounds and nine assists .
Those performances could be harbingers of what the Purple and Gold will face in the finale of their five-game road trip on Super Bowl Sunday . While Russell and Dinwiddie are no slouches , as all-around talents , they pale in comparison to the singular threats posed by Russell Westbrook , Paul George and , to a lesser extent , Carmelo Anthony on the Oklahoma City Thunder .
Considering how L.A. 's previous two meetings against the Thunder sans Zo turned out—a 37-point loss at Staples Center and a 24-point defeat at Chesapeake Energy Arena—the Lakers will need to dig even deeper for their inner Big Baller if they 're to avoid another embarrassment , let alone steal a win .
Huge congratulations are in order for synchronised ice skaters from the Isle of Wight .
Skaters from Wight Sequins , Wight Sparkles , Wight Crystals and Wight Jewels all competed in a national competition – the Wales and West Viola synchronised Ice Skating Championships – in Cardiff at the weekend .
Between them , the teams picked up three silvers and a gold medal . This is despite not having a home rink to train on ( since Ryde Arena was closed by AEW in October 2016 ) , meaning the IW teams are on the ice for only a fraction of the time other teams are .
Scores on the doors
Well done to all who took part , the results were :
Silver – Wight Sequins
Silver – Wight Sparkles
Gold – Wight Crystals
Silver – Wight Jewels
Wightlink were thanked for their sponsorship , without which – the teams say – they would be unable to keep training and competing .
Images : © Isle of Wight Ice Dance & Figure Skating Club
… “ and we will win , and you will win , and we will keep on winning , …and eventually you will say we ca n't take all of this winning , …please Mr. Trump …and I will say , NO ! …we will win , and we will keep on winning ” .. ~ Donald Trump
It is our high honor to be recognized for – and on behalf of all Treepers – to accept , this prestigious distinction ; while also recognizing our simple band of misfit voices are listed amid names of far greater worth and distinction .
With humble appreciation , profound humility and the deepest warmest respect , and on behalf of the 105,138,593 patriotic refuge visitors and misfits in 2016 , we say…
…THANK YOU Doug Ross
2016 “ Blog of The Year “
Excerpt from “ Our 2011 Mission ” [ … ] So we have choices in our lives . Decisions we each make regarding how we interact , and participate in the lives and links of others ; as well as how we choose to construct the links that compromise our own lives .
Do we base our sense of purpose around natural principles ? Principles based on natural laws of right and wrong , good and bad , truth and lies . Do we forge strong links based on following our heart , our values ?
If we can interact with others absent of a prideful self driven agenda , or manipulative intent , we can then apply such principles and strength to our endeavors .
If we protect the integrity of the soil upon which we build the foundation of our lives , we can live without regret . If we fertilize and cherish our crop , and the crop of our neighbor with honesty and sincere appreciation for the souls we meet along our chosen path , we will live a life of abundance .
If we tend carefully to the consideration of everyone , yet holding true to our values and principles , we can strengthen ourselves amid the face of adversity and disenchantment . If we do not hide from , nor ignore , our individual and collective faults , we can build the chain of our life with strength , humility , and purpose .
With appreciation , respect , humility , abiding love and thankfulness , we are indeed blessed with abundance .
~ Sundance
… ” and we lived in the time of a fearless lion called Donald J Trump ”
Carnival of Fun , July 10-14 , St. Catherine of Siena Church , 4 Riverside Ave. , Greenwich . Tues and Wed. 6 – 10 p.m. , Thurs . through Sat . 6-11 p.m. Info : stcath.org or call 203-637-3661
Westport Summer Book Sale , July 14-17 , Jesup Green , Westport . The book sale will run during the annual Fine Arts Festival . Info : westportlibrary.org .
Summer Tea Party with Abigail Adams , July 15 , 2 p.m. , Mill Hill Historic Park , 2 East Wall St. , Norwalk . Lunch with a Abigail Adams reenactor . Tickets $ 40 . Info : norwalkhistoricalsociety.org .
Mockstock Tribute Band Festival , July 20-21 , 5-10:30 p.m. , Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus , 43 Lake Ave. , Danbury . MockStock is a two-day tribute band music festival . Friday is MockStock Purple , featuring a tribute to Prince , Jimi Hendrix and Sly & the Family Stone . Saturday is MockStock Metal , featuring the music of Metallica , AC/DC and Guns ‘ n ' Roses . Tickets $ 15- $ 50 . Info : ivesconcertpark.com .
Westside Reggae Festival , July 28 , 1 p.m. , Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus , 43 Lake Ave. , Danbury . Featured artists will include Culture , Wayne Wonder , Anthem Band , Half Pint , Derrick Barnett , Tales of Joy and more . Tickets $ 15- $ 35 . Info : ivesconcertpark.com .
2018 's Downtown Market : Stratford , Aug. 26 , Colonial Square Parking Lot , 2420 Main St. , in Stratford . It has a juried crafts , art , and jewelry show , accompanied by music , activities for children , and theater .
FARMERS ' MARKETS
The Hickories Farm Stand , 136 Lounsbury Rd. , Ridgefield , May-October , 11-6 , Mon.-Sun . ; November-May , 11-5 , Fri.-Sun . ; stand works on honor system ; thehickories.org
Stratford Farmers ' Market , Mon. , 2-6 p.m. , Paradise Green , Stratford ; townofstratford.com/FarmersMarket .
Gossett Brothers ' Farmers ' Market , Sat. , 9-1 year-round ( indoors for winter ) , 7 vendors ; 1202 Rte . 35 , South Salem , N.Y. ; gossettbrothersnursery.com/farmers-market
New Canaan Farmers ' Market , Sat. , 10-2 , Old Center School municipal parking lot , corner of South Ave.-Maple St.-Main St. , April 22-Dec. 16 ; newcanaanfarmersmarket.net
Westport Farmers ' Market , Thurs. , 10-2 , 45 vendors , at 50 Imperial Ave. ; May 17-Nov. 9 ; westportfarmersmarket.com .
Wilton Farmers ' Market , Wed. , noon to 5 p.m. , June 6-Oct. 24 , 224 Danbury Rd. , Wilton .
U.S. Rep. Bob Brady of Philadelphia will not seek another term in Congress , giving up the seat he 's held for two decades , his office said Wednesday .
Brady revealed the news to reporters and Democratic Party ward leaders in Philadelphia , his hometown and the city where he has been the longtime Democratic Party leader .
Brady , 72 , was facing a potentially stiff primary challenge from a former city official , Nina Ahmad , as his district faced near-certain changes now that a gerrymandering lawsuit has prompted the state Supreme Court to order a redrawing of the boundaries of Pennsylvania 's 18 congressional districts . The decision is on appeal by top state Republican lawmakers at the U.S. Supreme Court .
Brady 's district is heavily Democratic , and will likely remain in Democratic hands .
Brady 's retirement means there are six open seats in Pennsylvania , the most in decades . Four Republican congressmen have announced that they would not seek re-election — one , Lou Barletta , is running for U.S. Senate — while another Republican congressman , Tim Murphy , resigned in a scandal last fall .
Brady 's decision comes after the FBI investigated a payment his campaign made to a primary opponent in 2012 .
Brady 's campaign gave a city judge who challenged him in the 2012 primary $ 90,000 to quit the race , according to the plea memo unsealed after the judge 's campaign aide pleaded guilty to breaking campaign finance laws . And Brady himself tried to `` influence '' a witness in the case , according to prosecutors , who said they filed the case under seal for fear he would `` corrupt ( ly ) '' pressure the aide not to cooperate .
Brady has denied any wrongdoing and was not charged . Last month , a political consultant for Brady pleaded guilty to lying about the payment .
Earther Scientists Are Fed Up With This | The A.V . Club 5 things to know about Archer 's new Danger Island reboot | The…
Yesterday 5:48pm
Kumkum Bhagya 30 May Full Episode Written Updates : Pragya saves Abhi Pragya saves Abhi but they are unable to meet each other . King and his family move into a new house . At the meeting with the organisers , the organiser persuades them to collaborate with each other .
In the previous episode , Abhi manages to get inside the school and save Kiyara as a terrorist is about to slap her . He tackles them and asks the children to move out of the auditorium . Pragya saves Sunny and takes him to a classroom to hide from a terrorist . She catches hold of a rod to save them when the terrorist breaks into the classroom .
9:00pm- The terrorist breaks into the classroom and Pragya manages to hit him and come out . When she comes out , Kiyara sees her and tells her about the “ doll thief ” . Pragya goes to save him .
9:02pm- In the auditorium , the head terrorist hit Abhi and he falls down . The terrorist is about to shoot him when the police gather around him . Pragya is turned away from the auditorium door when she tries to go in to help .
9:04pm- From the window , she throws something at the terrorist due to which he loses his balance and misses his shot . Pragya bends down as the bullet passes from nearby . Abhi runs towards the window to see who saved him but is unable to see who it was .
9:08pm- King comes to school and Kiyara runs towards him . Disha is on her way towards the way and is tensed but Abhi calls them to inform that they are safe . Everyone goes back home .
9:10pm- Tarun tells King that he feels King is a complete man and is getting to learn something from him . King tells Pragya that he has bought a new house . Kiyara starts packing to move into the new house .
9:18pm- They move into their new house and Kiyara likes her new house . King gets a call and goes off to attend it .
9:21pm- At their meeting with the organisers , the organiser slyly persuades them to collaborate with each other . Abhi and King understand that they 'll be at benefit when they collaborate with each other .
9:27pm- Abhi and King sign the contract in an attempt to display their supremacy over the other .
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
OPS : let BoI be
Should the Bank of Industry ( BoI ) be scrapped ? No , say members of the Organised Private Sector ( OPS ) , who are kicking against a bill before the Senate to merge BoI , Bank for Commerce and Industry and National Economic Reconstruction Fund to form the National Development Bank of Nigeria ( NDBN ) . Rather than scrap BoI , which they say is performing , the Federal Government should strengthen it to do better or allow it to exist along with the proposed NDBN . Assistant Editor CHIKODI OKEREOCHA reports .
A groundswell of opposition is trailing the move by the Senate to scrap the Bank of Industry ( BoI ) and other Development Finance Institutions ( DFIs ) and replace them with the proposed National Development Bank of Nigeria ( NDBN ) .
The Manufacturers Association of Nigeria ( MAN ) , the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( LCCI ) , the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria ( CIBN ) and the Nigeria Labour Congress ( NLC ) , among others , are up in arms against the plan , warning that it would be counter-productive .
A bill for an Act to establish the NDBN to replace the BoI and other ( DFIs ) was sponsored by Senator Ibrahim Gobir ( APC , Gombe-East ) . The bill , which has passed the second reading is seeking to merge the BoI , Bank for Commerce and Industry and the National Economic Reconstruction Fund to form the NDBN .
Gobir had explained that the rights , interest , obligations and liabilities of the three DFIs would be assigned to and vested in the proposed NDBN . But if Gobir was expecting to get the buy-in and support of stakeholders and operators in the economy , he was wrong .
Indication that the proposed scrapping of BoI was a hard sell emerged last week at a public hearing organised by the Senate Committee on Banking , Insurance and Other Financial Institutions on the establishment of the NDBN . The Nation learnt that virtually all the major stakeholders insisted that BoI must stay .
The NLC insisted that rather than scrap the BoI , which it said is performing , the bank should be strengthened to do better . “ It is important that we have a bill to strengthen these institutions rather than do away with them . So from the point of view of labour , when we hear of dissolution of BoI , it is a bit scary and you know there is a lot of frustration in the land , ” a member of NLC 's National Executive Council , Comrade Issa Aremu , said .
The position of the labour unionist was partly informed by what the labour movement considers as BoI 's immense contributions to Nigeria 's economic growth and stability , particularly the development of Small and Medium Enterprises ( SMEs ) . He said the SMEs remain the engine of economic growth and development .
Aremu said : “ I want to bear witness today that BoI has been thinking outside the box to help the intolerance of our industries , including the SMEs . I say so because I am also from textile industry , which we know is facing a lot of challenges .
“ There was a time in Nigeria when we used to be the third largest producer of textile in Africa . Today , we are beaten to it by small countries like Mauritius , Kenya because they are adding value to cotton value chains , thereby creating more jobs . But with BoI 's efforts , we have been making effort at recovery . ”
It was not an empty claim . Aremu recalled , for instance , that the United Nigeria Textiles ( UNTL ) Plc , arguably West Africa 's biggest textile mill , in Kaduna , was shut down in 2007 because of smuggling and lack of electricity and finance .
The industry , he said , could not access long term funding because commercial banks believe in short-term lending at multiple interest rate . However , according to him , relief came when BoI in conjunction with the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation ( UNIDO ) worked out a long time financing for the industry .
The funding , according to Aremu , was to the tune of N100 billion at a single digit interest rate of five to six per cent and long-term repayment . “ On account of this financial intervention , UNTL came back in 2010 and with direct jobs of about 1 , 500 . It is still in existence today .
“ Now many other factories also took advantage of that and when we did the validation assessment of this effort , close to 10 , 000 jobs were not only saved , but few other jobs were also created , ” he said .
Encouraged by this and similar interventions by the BoI , Aremu did not mince words when he told the Senate Committee that “ we should try and recapitalise BoI further to make it more effective to do more interventions .
The proposal to merge the BoI with others did not also go down well with the LCCI . It 's Director , Trade and Promotions , Mr. Olanihun Mayowa , said the BoI has , over the years , managed to build brand equity such that the confidence the name inspires in business operators and Nigerians can not be jettisoned .
Mayowa suggested that rather than scrap the BoI , the DFI should be allowed to play in the wholesale level , while other DFIs play at the retail level .
MAN has also kicked against it . Its representative , Dr. Ajayi Kadiri , noted that the BoI has been functioning and delivering on its mandate within the limits of funds available to it . He said the bank has had funding challenges and MAN has been in the forefront , advocating its recapitalisation .
“ Going through the proposed bill , we can hardly see any value addition to be derived or achieved by the NDBN that is not already being rendered by the BoI ; neither is there any difference from what the BoI is licensed to carry out . The BOI has so far carried out these services to the satisfaction of stakeholders , including the business community , ” Kadiri said .
The CIBN has also lent its voice to the growing list of those opposed to the proposed scrapping of BoI . CIBN First Vice President Dr. Uche Olowu said that after reviewing the act , the Institute came to the conclusion that “ in a football team , you do n't change a winning striker . ”
His words : “ It is our view that BoI should be allowed to function the way they are because they have been tested and done properly especially in the retail space. ” He added that by consolidating the DFIs , the liabilities will further depress BoI 's financials .
The acting Managing Director of BoI , Mr. Waheed Olagunju , had earlier highlighted some of the bank 's interventions as well how the bank has been able to mobilise resources domestically . He said , for instance , BoI has continued to wax stronger such that it was appointed to manage the Cotton , Textile and Garment ( CTG ) N100billion Fund .
Olagunju added that state governments are also partnering the BoI . “ We have raised over N18billion under our partnership with state governments , ” he said , pointing out that if BoI were not a well-managed institution , a key private sector player like Alhaji Aliko Dangote would n't have partnered it to establish a N10b MSME Fund .
The BoI chief also pointed out that based on the quality of BoI 's financials , the Ooni of Ife , Oba Enitan Oguwunsi , recently entered into a N1b partnership with the bank . The traditional ruler , he said , made N500 million available to BoI , while the bank matched it with N500 million , which it will lend at concessional rates . The bank is also jointly financing solar power projects in Nigeria aside its involvement in mining activities .
Interestingly , some of BoI 's activities have not gone unnoticed by various international rating agencies . For instance , Fitch rated the BoI AA+ last year , which was affirmed this year . Moody 's also assigned the bank Ba3 last year and this year . This was on the strength of its balance sheet and quality of corporate governance . Agusto also assigned BoI A+ last year . This year , it upgraded it to AA+ .
However , BoI 's track record of performance may have failed to impress some Nigerians . For instance , the Minister of Finance , Mrs. Kemi Adeosun and the CBN Governor , Mr. Godwin Emefiele , have backed the Senate 's move to scrap the BoI .
Adeosun , who was represented at the public hearing by a Director in the Ministry of Finance , Mr. Christopher Gabriel , said the ministry strongly supported the bill titled : ‘ A Bill for an Act to Establish the National Development Bank , 2015 . ' The Minister said that the proposal was in tandem with the Federal Government 's economic reconstruction efforts .
The post OPS : let BoI be appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
The Dallas Mavericks ' rebuild has begun as they enter the end of the Dirk Nowitzki era . The Mavs acquired Nerlens Noel from the Sixers at the trade deadline and can bring him back in restricted free agency . With only Nowitzki — a $ 25 million team option — Harrison Barnes , and Wesley Matthews making eight figures a year , Dallas enters this offseason with plenty of ammunition to try and accelerate their rebuild by acquiring top free agents .
Dallas wo n't be the most enticing destination for players looking to win now , but they can offer plenty of money and have one of the league 's best coaches in Rick Carlisle . The Mavs will pick ninth in the NBA Draft and can likely find a quality player in what is considered a deep draft for the top 10 picks , and will also be able to make moves to open up even more cap space than they already have if there are multiple big money targets they want to go after .
Point guard is the position of most pressing need for the Mavs , and most mock drafts have had them focusing their efforts with the ninth pick on getting a one guard . However , Dallas will also be a contender for some of the top point guards on the free agency market , and , according to Jake Fischer of Sports Illustrated , they might look to sign both of the Holiday brothers to bolster their backcourt .
Marketers beg Fed Govt to clear N800b debt
Marketers yesterday spoke of financial constraints , begging the Federal Government to pay them N800billion spent on fuel import . The cash also covers interest on bank loans .
The marketers , which are owing banks over $ 1.2 billion , appealed to Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for “ urgent intervention ” .
In a communiqué after their meeting in Lagos , signed by their legal adviser , Mr. Patrick Etim , the marketers , including the Depot and Petroleum Products Marketers Association ( DAPPMA ) , said Osinbajo met with them on May 22 , with Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun , Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Ibe Kachikwu and Central Bank Governor Godwin Emefiele in attendance . The meeting was on how to pay the debt .
After the meeting , Osinbajo , the marketers said , directed the Minister of Finance to resolve the problem .
The communique reads : “ This debt has greatly impeded our ability to operate , our operating funds have been eroded , curtailed our ability to access funds from the financial institutions and some of our members have resorted to staff retrenchment due to inactivity , the marketers said . Besides , our worst fear is that AMCON at some point may take over our firms as a result of this debt . It is for these reasons and other challenges facing the downstream petroleum subsector that we seek government 's intervention to approve immediate payment of the debt .
“ The foreign exchange differentials , which arose as a result of the initial devaluation of the naira by the last administration from the initial N165/S $ 1 and the interest payable due to delayed reimbursement by the government , both of which the Federal Government had approved for payment to marketers , have not been fully settled by the appropriate Federal Government agencies .
“ The recent further devaluation of the naira from N195 to N285 and later to over N305 to S $ 1 , while the Federal Government agencies based their reimbursement calculation on N197 to S $ 1 , has left members our association with additional debt burden in excess of N300billion . The downstream subsector is now saddled with a debt burden of over N400billion , which keeps rising because the banks are still charging interests on it until the total debt is fully liquidated .
“ As a result of the unpaid interest and foreign exchange differentials , we are becoming insolvent and financially handicapped to continue operating profitably . Commercial banks , the original and actual owners of these funds are already hard hit by our inability to return these funds within the ‘ contract tenure of 45 days ' and have , in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria 's guidelines , ‘ classified ' marketers ' accounts in all the banks in the federation . In addition , properties provided by marketers as securities for these funds are in the process of being auctioned including some storage facilities such as tank farms .
“ We have indeed made several spirited efforts to get the government agencies involved to pay up fully , adhering to the principle of ‘ full restitution ' to all participants in the then premium motor spirit ( PMS ) import scheme but the major challenge on the economy has impeded complete success hence we are making a direct appeal to Acting President to intervene . ”
According to the communiqué , the marketers are unable to pay because their bank debts form part of what they too are being owed by the government . Their inability to pay or service the loans , they said , was hindering their business and threatening the affected banks ' operation and the financial industry .
“ Government 's debt , which arose from arrears of unpaid imported petrol supplied to the country as a result of the contract the Federal Government entered with marketers mandating them to import and supply petrol to the market on the condition that it ( government ) shall pay the difference between the landing cost and the selling price of petrol ( as fixed by government ) provided that the landing cost is higher than the selling price .
“ The government approved the landing cost which fluctuated as it depended mainly on the international price of petrol and the exchange rate of naira/dollar . A key term of the government 's contract with marketers is that the under-recovery payments shall be paid to marketers within 45days of submission of documents evidencing discharge of petrol cargo and trucking out from storage . It was also agreed that after 45 days the government shall pay the interest charges on the loans taken by the marketers to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol .
“ The problem of the banks is compounded by the fact that they provided billions of dollars to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol . They opened Letters of Credit at approximated exchange rate of N197/ $ 1.00 . Petrol was supplied and sold by marketers at the then prevailing government approved pump price and the repayment was calculated using the above exchange rate . ” As at 2016 , the banks have not liquidated the Letters of Credit from 2014 because of lack of foreign exchange from the government .
“ The outstanding matured Letters of Credit are currently over $ 1.2billion . Because many Nigerian banks were involved in raising this fund , the entire Nigerian banking system is at risk on account of these transactions , ” they added , noting that the debt prevents banks from providing loans to them for future petrol imports and even to players in other sectors of the economy , ” the marketers said .
They said the banks were in quandary over the debt . “ Besides , should the banking sector collapse , it will cost the government over N2trillion to revive it . But there is little evidence that the government sees the risks in further delaying the payments under the subsidy scheme .
“ The banks are worried that financing new petrol imports when outstanding loans , interests and charges have not been paid will be foolish especially when it is clear that the imports will represent an unmitigated loss to the importers based on the landing costs . Therefore , honouring contract agreements by the government would help boost local and foreign investments .
“ Nigeria is currently not experiencing scarcity of petroleum products because NNPC has increased importation and supply of products , however , NNPC can not sustain it without marketers importing . ”
The post Marketers beg Fed Govt to clear N800b debt appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JUST IN : Bernie Sanders says alleged gunman volunteered on his campaign , condemns action in the strongest possible terms https : //t.co/oPSs184okg pic.twitter.com/1l5dlXrc79 — CNN ( @ CNN ) June 14 , 2017
Following Wednesday morning 's shooting attack on a Congressional baseball practice session — which injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , two Capitol Hill cops , and multiple congressional aides — reports soon surfaced that suspected gunman James T. Hodgkinson publicly identified as a Bernie Sanders supporter . Internet sleuths soon tracked down Hodgkinson 's purported social media accounts , which appeared to verify this status . And the Washington Post learned that the attacker also apparently volunteered as a campaign worker for the Vermont senator in Iowa during the presidential primaries . In response to this news , a “ sickened ” Sanders made the following statement on the Senate floor :
“ I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice this morning is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign . I am sickened by this despicable act . Let me be as clear as I can be : Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society , and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , and anything else runs counter to our most deeply held American values . ”
Sanders also expressed hope that the wounded would make a full recovery , and he praised the “ heroic ” actions of Capitol Hill policemen , along with law enforcement from surrounding areas . Hours after the shooting , President Trump broke the news that Hodgkinson had died from injuries sustained in what authorities believe was a very “ deliberate ” attack .
In the wake of the shooting , the office of Rep. Mike Bost ( R-IL ) searched for contact records for Hodkinson ( who lives in Bost 's district ) and found fourteen such encounters ( both email and phone ) . Bost said that the suspect never made “ any threats , only anger , ” and that he “ never crossed the line . ”
Regarding Hodgkinson 's supposed time helping the Sanders campaign , Robert Becker ( who directed operations in Iowa ) is stressing that Hodgkinson never had a formal ( or paid ) role working for the Democratic candidate . Further , there was no record of Hodgkinson as one of 10,000 people who volunteered for Sanders during the course of the election . “ We had approximately 100 paid organizers on staff , ” he also told the Washington Post . “ He was not one of them . ”
( Via CNN & Washington Post )
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina ( AP ) — Argentina 's Clarin newspaper says that its longtime publisher Ernestina Herrera de Noble has died at age 92 .
Herrera de Noble led Argentina 's widest-circulation newspaper for nearly 50 years and helped build one of Latin America 's largest media conglomerates .
Grupo Clarin says died Wednesday and that her health had been deteriorating over the past three weeks . No other details have been provided .
The media group owns dozens of cable systems , radio stations and TV channels in addition to its flagship daily newspaper .
Clarin and former President Cristina Fernandez became bitter opponents during her 2007-2015 administration .
Dale Atkinson rounds up this week 's action ...
With a number of Boston Saturday League matches postponed due to frozen pitches and rivals involved in Willoughby Cup action , Pointon took full advantage with 6-0 win at home to Ruskington Rovers .
Hat-tricks from Dom Kew and Ian Jacquest extended their lead at the top of the Workforce Unlimited Premier Division .
The only other game in the top flight saw Coningsby beat Fulbeck United 3-1 , with goals from Tom Sewell ( two ) and Shaun Boothby .
With Sibsey not having a league game , this gave Skegness United a chance to go top of Division One .
But Woodhall Spa United spoilt their day by taking all the points with a 3-2 success .
Kirton Town enjoyed a goalfest as they beat bottom side Pointon Reserves 6-1 ,
Wins for Boston College - beating FC Kirton 5-0 - and JFC Boston , earning a very good away win at Swineshead Reserves , kept things tight at the top .
With the top two in Division Two not playing , FC Hammers closed the gap with a 3-2 success against Coningsby Reserves .
The other game in the division saw Railway Reserves beat Boston Athletic 3-2 , goals coming from Lee Dakin , Ryan Mason and Steve Appleby .
Division Three saw Digby put an end to their poor run of games by sticking nine past Leverton Reserves in a 9-3 home win .
Fosdyke Reserves beat bottom-of-the-league Mareham United 6-0 , while Northgate Olympic went into second place with a 2-0 away win at Spalding Harriers .
Woodhall Spa Reserves beat Boston College Reserves 2-0 .
Only two games were played in the Willoughby Cup due to frozen pitches .
Leverton beat neighbours Benington 5-3 thankis to Nathan Rippin ( three ) , Josh Foreman and Ben Reeson .
The only other game was at Wyberton , where Division One Freiston were pipped 3-2 by the Villagers ' reserves .
At the moment , riders are charged a small fee if they cancel a trip five minutes after completing an order . Soon , Uber will be reducing this time frame to two minutes in order to discourage last-second back-outs . There is an exception , however — if you book a car and two minutes pass , but your driver is more than five minutes behind schedule , you can still cancel and avoid a fee . That way you 're not penalised if what should be a 10-minute trip is fast becoming an hour-long wait for an Uber driver .
Other additions include a `` no thanks '' button , so drivers can instantly pass on a trip and wait for the next offer . It only works three times , however — drivers will be logged out of the app if they keep turning down work . Uber is also adding a filter so fancy UberXL and Exec drivers can ignore lower-paid UberX trips . Finally , Driver Destinations is being updated with arrival times . That way , drivers can be clear about their schedule for the day — a doctor 's appointment at 2pm , or a dinner reservation at 7pm — and pick up passengers that need to be in roughly the same place , at the same time .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Senate is poised to respond to the sex abuse scandal involving sports doctor Larry Nassar by approving legislation that requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to quickly report claims of abuse to law enforcement .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif. , the bill 's main sponsor , said at a press conference that the bill could pass the Senate by voice vote later Tuesday . The measure would then be sent to President Donald Trump for his signature . The House overwhelmingly approved the legislation on Monday .
Nassar was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison for sexually abusing more than 150 women and girls over 25 years . Nassar worked at Michigan State University and for USA Gymnastics , the governing body that also trains Olympians .
Former gymnast Jeanette Antolin , who was a member of the U.S. national team in the late 1990s when she went to Nassar for treatment , said the legislation is an important step forward . But Antolin said the U.S. Olympic Committee , USA Gymnastics and Michigan State all need to be investigated thoroughly to determine how `` such heinous crimes were allowed to go under the radar '' for so long .
`` Time 's up , '' Antolin said , a nod toward the movement against sexual abuse and harassment . `` Every minute that goes by with unanswered questions , more innocent children can be harmed . ''
A patchwork of state laws on reporting suspected sex abuse made it necessary to enact a uniform national standard that would apply to amateur sports groups such as USA Gymnastics as well as to other sports organizations that participate in interstate and international travel , according to the bill 's backers . The failure to report a sexual abuse allegation could lead to up to one year in prison .
The legislation also extends the statute of limitations for victims to sue alleged perpetrators , recognizing that children sometimes do n't realize they were abused until years later . The statute of limitations was extended to age 28 or up to 10 years after the reasonable discovery of the violation , whichever is later .
The legislation requires the governing bodies for amateur athletes to put in place `` reasonable procedures '' to limit one-on-one interactions between minors and adults , except in emergencies .
MODESTO , Calif. ( AP ) - A Northern California city has agreed to pay $ 2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911 .
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force .
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was `` going crazy '' and was attacking his mother . Shergill 's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s .
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife . Shergill 's family disputes that account .
___
Information from : The Sacramento Bee , http : //www.sacbee.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Transcript for Could Facebook posts provide clues as to why James Hodgkinson opened fire on members of Congress ?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Hercules the alpaca was only 24 hours old when he broke his front left leg at Cedar Rock Ranch in Lebanon . He received a plasma transfusion and was bottle-fed for months . The open wound and exposed bone led to a serious infection , preventing the bone break from healing properly .
The animal 's veterinarian referred him to the University of Tennessee College of Veterinary Medicine for advanced treatment .
Dr. Pierre-Yves Mulon , UTCVM assistant professor in farm animal medicine and surgery , determined the NuCress scaffold was the best option to heal the fragile animal .
The Nucress scaffold is a nanomaterial-based bone regeneration device pioneered by University of Arkansas at Little Rock 's systems engineering professor Dr. Alexadru S. Biris , UTCVM head of large animal clinical sciences , Dr. David Anderson and a team of designated researchers .
The scaffold is designed to be implanted directly into the wound by a surgeon and can be loaded with drugs to fight infection or with hormones and stem cells to encourage bone growth . As a result , the scaffold can deliver bacteria-fighting drugs directly to the wound and be safely absorbed by the body , generally eliminating the need for additional surgeries .
Mulon loaded the scaffold with antibiotics and implanted it into Hercules ' wound , expecting a long wait due to the alpaca 's condition . The process proved quicker than he expected .
“ Hercules responded well and fast , ” said Mulon . “ We are able to walk immediately after surgery and has been very active . The bone repaired within the time range expected for a closed fracture , though it was an open one . ”
Mulon said while other options , such as traditionally administered drugs , could have been used , they would have presented more obstacles such as future surgeries .
“ It is difficult to confirm if the results had changed using any other option ; however , I think it would have necessitated more time , ” said Mulon . “ Any open fracture carries a guarded to poor prognosis , and Hercules made it as we are very happy , ”
Researchers received a grant of more than $ 5 million from the Department of Defense and hope to develop the product for use with humans .
Connecticut 's average gas price today is $ 2.48 , three cents higher than this time last week . Compared to this time last year , average prices are $ .24 cents higher .
Nationally , average prices have increased for 20 consecutive days with today 's price of $ 2.41 , $ .02 cents higher than this time last week ; and $ .30 cents higher than this time last year .
Average prices typically increase this time of year with the onset of the summer drive season , warmer weather and the conversion to more expensive summer blends . This year contributing to that increase are reports of possible extended production cuts by OPEC and a decline in oil inventories that American motorists have enjoyed over the last year or so .
AAA 's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut 's four regional areas as follows :
Greater Bridgeport/Stamford $ 2.54
New Haven/Meriden $ 2.46
Greater Hartford $ 2.46
New London/Norwich $ 2.47
Statewide average $ 2.48
Today , South Carolina continues to register the lowest average in the nation at $ 2.13 , followed by Mississippi at $ 2.08 . Hawaii continues to lead the nation with the highest prices at $ 3.06 , followed by California at $ 3.01 . Connecticut has moved down to 13th place from 12th as the state with the highest prices in the nation .
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 61 offices in Rhode Island , Massachusetts , Connecticut , New Jersey , New Hampshire and New York , providing more than 2 million local AAA members with travel , insurance , finance , and auto-related services .
It appears that Ariana Grande has ( already ) moved on from Mac Miller .
The ‘ Dangerous Woman ' singer , who just confirmed she had parted ways with Miller after 18 months together , shared an Instagram story of herself and a mystery man toasting marshmallows .
Grande has yet to name the man , but eagle-eyed fans have identified him as Saturday Night Live star Pete Davidson .
But , how do they know it 's him ?
Fans note the tattoo sleave belonging to the mystery man matched Davidson 's ink . Who needs detectives ?
Davidson , ICYDK , is recently single after his split with long-time girlfriend Cazzie David , the daughter of comedian Larry David .
Rumours swirled that Grande and Davidson are dating after they were spotted getting up close and personal at the SNL after-party on May 12 .
Davidson was also spied backstage as Grande performed at the Billboard Music Awards on May 20 .
Image Credit : Supplied .
FRANKFURT , Germany ( AP ) — Volkswagen suspends head of external relations in connection with scandal over use of monkeys in research .
Tribal lawyers filed for a summary judgement on the permits issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers following an executive order by President Donald Trump that expedited the 1,172-mile crude oil pipeline 's approval .
The Tribe said it is seeking the judgement in hopes of getting a decision before the pipeline can go into operation .
The corps issued the final easement allowing the pipeline to be constructed under the Missouri River , half a mile upstream of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation , on Feb. 8 , reversing an earlier decision to withhold the easement while the agency completed an environmental impact statement .
`` In this arbitrary and capricious reversal of course , the Trump Administration is circumventing the law : wholly disregarding the treaty rights of the Standing Rock Sioux and ignoring the legally required environmental review . It is n't the 1800s anymore — the U.S. government must keep its promises to the Standing Rock Sioux and reject rather than embrace dangerous projects that undercut treaties , '' Jan Hasselman , the Earthjustice attorney who is representing the Tribe in its challenges against the pipeline , said in a statement .
The action comes on the heels of U.S. District Judge James Boasberg , who denied a request for a temporary restraining order to halt pipeline construction while the legal battle plays out .
Teenage boy remanded for alleged indecent assault on 6-year-old girl in toilet
An Ikeja Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday remanded a teenager in a correctional home over alleged indecent assault of a six-year-old girl in the toilet . The Magistrate , Mrs B.O . Osunsanmi , who gave the ruling , said the 16-year-old boy should be kept in custody pending advice from the State Director of Public Prosecutions ( DPP ) . The teenager , who [ … ]
The post Teenage boy remanded for alleged indecent assault on 6-year-old girl in toilet appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Oscar winner Halle Berry is speaking out hours after her former manager was accused by nine women of sexual misconduct and sexual harassment , saying she 's `` saddened '' and `` livid . ''
Vincent Cirrincione faces accusations published by the Washington Post on Friday that he pressured women for sexual favors or engaged in sexual misconduct against them in exchange for his helping the actresses , all women of color , succeed in Hollywood .
One actress claimed in the Post story that the manager said he would take her on as a client only if he was able to have sex with her monthly ; another claimed he masturbated in front of her in his office .
According to the allegations in the Post story , Cirrincione , 70 , who is white , would often use the name of Berry , who is African American , and later that of another African-American client , Oscar nominee Taraji P. Henson , as a way of luring the women . Eight of the women making accusations are African-American , and one Asian , according to the Post .
Michael Caulfield Archive/Getty Images , FILE
The accusations concern events alleged to have occurred as early as 1993 and as recently as 2011 , the Post reported .
Berry took to Twitter on Friday evening , writing : `` Yesterday I was saddened by the [ allegations ] against my former manager , Vincent Cirrincione , but today I 'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of his abuse toward 9 women . ''
`` I 'm livid that he used me , and the role model he helped me become , to lure and manipulate innocent , vulnerable women of color for his predatory actions , '' she continued .
Berry , 51 , concluded her statement by writing , `` I 'm deeply hurt and I want these women and countless others to know I see you . I hear you . You matter . I will fight for you . ''
She also said in a statement to the Post that she ended her professional relationship with Cirrincione more than three years ago after hearing about a misconduct allegation against him .
Berry added in the statement , “ While Vince never made an inappropriate gesture toward me , nor did I hear about this type of behavior from any woman or man while we worked together , I have always had a no-tolerance policy when it came to such matters . ”
Meanwhile , Henson spoke positively to the Post of her relationship with Cirrincione , her one-time producing partner , saying , `` I 've never had any issue with this on any level . ''
The `` Proud Mary '' star added , `` He totally respected me . ”
Christopher Peterson/Getty Images , FILE
Henson claimed that at times during her working relationship with Cirrincione , he would help her pay rent and costs associated with raising her son as a single mother .
“ He saw a single mother trying to make her dreams come true , and he nurtured that , ” Henson , whose publicist , Pam Sharpe , is Cirrincione 's longtime girlfriend , according to the Post , told the newspaper . “ He wrote checks and would n't ask for anything in return . It was n't coming from a creepy place . If anything , it empowered me . Like this man believes in me . I love him for that . ”
ABC News reached out to Cirrincione , Berry and Henson but did n't immediately hear back .
Jean-Baptiste LaCroix/AFP/Getty Images
Cirrincione in a statement to the Post denied asking for sexual favors in exchange for helping actresses ' careers .
“ We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions . I support this movement wholeheartedly . I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry . I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color , ” Cirrincione began .
“ I have had affairs while in committed relationships , ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation . I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors , sexual or otherwise , as a reason for managing anyone . I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual .
Cirrincione concluded , “ I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone 's feelings or experiences . I apologize to these women , my past and present partner , my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them . I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women . It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong . ''
The installation ( below ) is made up of 100 mirrored panels that move individually through custom servos , tracking viewers as they move around them via a depth camera array . `` Using a weighted average of the various people being tracked , the mirrors rotate to face the nearest person , '' SOFTLab explains . Those mirrors reflect only the light and the viewers , thanks to the sparse setting around them .
Meanwhile , LEDs controlled by microphones move the mirror panels up and down based on the ambient sound coming from around the installation . The overall effect is of light pulsing and swarming back and forth , with mirrors reflecting the spectators in weird slices , all set to appropriately spacey music .
The whole thing is controlled by a computer with a visual interface depicting the mirrors that can be rotated in 3D . It can be tweaked for greater intensity and the number of exhibition viewers . ( For more on how the exhibit was done technically , check out the making-of video . )
Like the other Panorama installations , Volume was designed to invoke `` whoa '' reactions from the viewers and present good selfie opportunities . However , you can read more into it if you 're into techie art . `` The installation was inspired by the ability of light and sound to form space through reflection and their dependence on atmosphere , '' SOFTLab points out . In other words , it 's meant to make us think a bit more about space that we normally consider empty .
The designers aim to show that it 's a good thing it 's not empty . `` Small changes in this volume of transparent material allows light and sound to move through space , '' it notes . `` The mirrors in our installation represent these particles acting in harmony to challenge and enhance what we see . ''
To look at it another way , the exhibition is showing that there 's often more behind things than what you can see . By tracking your movement and sounds , and responding dramatically in kind , `` Volume '' illustrates neatly that the shallow way we often perceive things and people can completely change how they behave in return .
SANTIAGO , Chile ( AP ) — A Chilean judge has sentenced eight retired military officers to 18 years in prison for the kidnapping and murder of folk singer Victor Jara and a government official at the start of the country 's military dictatorship .
The office of the court system says a ninth veteran was sentenced to five years for cover-up .
The Marxist folk singer was seized in the hours after Gen. Augusto Pinochet overthrew socialist President Salvador Allende on Sept. 11 , 1973 . He was taken the country 's main soccer stadium where he was tortured and killed .
Allende 's prisons chief Littre Quiroga also was killed .
The ruling announced Tuesday can be appealed .
More than 3,000 people were slain during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet , and most of those crimes remain unsolved .
Re : Do Harmonics affect Velocity ? I see what you 're asking . When I used the MagnetoSpeed , I never noted a change of speed affecting POI at targets shot without it , although using it will often change POI somewhat . I do n't think actual fps would vary , outside of normal established ED . Just last week , I shot 5 rounds with MagnetoSpeed attached and monitered it with my LabRadar . The MS showed a consistent 6 fps higher velocity than the LR . That difference was probably due to where each unit was picking up the bullet or even calibration of the units . I really doubt you could notice the difference , unless you shoot your drops at long distance , with and without the MagnetoSpeed and measure the difference of vertical . Do n't worry about it -- - you 'll need to true your drops , for speed or BC , anyway . __________________
If it 's not yours , do n't take it . If it 's not true , do n't say it . If it 's not right , do n't do it . If you do n't think you can hit him , do n't shoot him .
“ I look forward to updating my pending legal action in opposition to D.O.J . this weekend in preparation for Monday 's next small step on the long , potholed road toward helping to restore law and order in our great country , ” Mr . Page said in a statement on Friday , praising the memo 's release .
Mr . Page , a Navy veteran , served briefly as an adviser to Mr. Trump 's campaign until September 2016 after reports emerged of his connections in Russia , including a July 2016 visit to Moscow in which he was suspected to have met with sanctioned Kremlin officials . Mr . Page has denied that those meetings occurred .
Mr. Trump first announced Mr . Page as an adviser to his campaign in a March 2016 interview with The Washington Post . At the time , Mr . Page was pitching himself as an energy sector expert and head of his own firm , Global Energy Capital , with an extensive network in Russia , where he said he had high-level connections as part of his work in the energy field .
Mr . Page was an unknown in the political world . But he was on the radar of federal law enforcement officials , who questioned him about his contacts with a Russian intelligence operative years before he came into contact with the Trump campaign .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In 2013 , Mr . Page struck up a professional friendship with the operative , Victor Podobny , who was working undercover in New York City . Mr . Page — who at the time did not have any role in American government — gave documents to Mr. Podobny about the energy sector .
Mr. Podobny was picked up by the authorities on a tapped phone calling Mr . Page an “ idiot ” to his Russian intelligence colleagues . He was charged by the Justice Department and spirited back to Moscow before he could be arrested . Mr . Page was questioned by law enforcement officials about his contacts but never charged in the case .
Mr . Page has openly acknowledged he is the unnamed male referred to in federal court documents about Mr. Podobny .
A dossier compiled by Christopher Steele , a former British intelligence operative hired to investigate Mr. Trump 's links to Russia , claimed that Mr . Page maintained deep ties to the Kremlin , including with officials sanctioned by the United States .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Nunes 's memo claims that the dossier , whose research was funded in part by Democrats , was improperly used to justify surveilling Mr . Page after he had cut ties with Mr. Trump . But the memo left out that the research was initially funded by The Washington Free Beacon , a conservative website .
Mr . Page 's mannerisms amid the unfolding Russia investigations have emerged as a sort of Washington sideshow . Despite being under scrutiny by federal and congressional investigators as a possible agent of Russia , Mr . Page has waged a near-constant public affairs campaign , appearing on TV news shows and engaging with reporters , sometimes with obscure GIFs or movie clips .
For months , Mr . Page showed up regularly , uninvited and unannounced , at the secure offices of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill , where he dropped off documents he had compiled himself . One was his own dossier in which he claimed he was the victim of a hate crime by the Hillary Clinton campaign because he was a Catholic and a man .
Supergirl star Laura Benanti and her husband , Patrick Brown , have received the ultimate Valentine 's Day gift -- a baby girl !
The Tony winner gave birth to the couple 's first child on Tuesday , ET can confirm .
EXCLUSIVE : Laura Benanti on Melania Trump 's RNC Speech
`` The baby is beautiful and most importantly , healthy , '' Benanti 's rep tells ET . `` She was born this afternoon at 3.33 p.m . ET . ''
Benanti 's Sound of Music Live ! co-star Audra McDonald also confirmed the news , congratulating the new mom on Twitter .
`` Yeeeeeeeeehaawwww Baby Girl Brown is here ! ! ! ! '' McDonald posted . `` ( And on my kid 's birthday too . ) ''
Yeeeeeeeeehaawwww Baby Girl Brown is here ! ! ! ! ( And on my kid 's birthday too😘 ) ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ https : //t.co/gVCUogs1fi — Audra McDonald ( @ AudraEqualityMc ) February 14 , 2017
The couple announced their pregnancy in August with a cute post on social media .
`` Doing a little research with @ impbrown , '' the 37-year-old Supergirl actress captioned a pic of her and Brown reading parenting bestseller What to Expect When You 're Expecting .
NEWS : 'Supergirl ' Star Laura Benanti Is Expecting Her First Child
Benanti previously shared her miscarriage heartbreak in an emotional op-ed for Huffington Post Women , in which she called for more public conversation about the issue .
`` If this is so common , then why do we only speak about it in whispers , if we speak about it at all ? '' she wrote . `` If this is so common , why does it feel like the Voldemort of women 's issues ? ''
Congrats to the couple on their baby girl !
See Benanti hilariously impersonate Melania Trump in the video below .
Related Articles
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
TORONTO ( AP ) — Justin Holl and Travis Dermott each scored their first NHL goal , helping the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the New York Islanders 5-0 on Wednesday night .
Holl made his NHL debut after being recalled from the minors earlier in the day .
Kasperi Kapanen , Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner also scored for the Maple Leafs ( 29-18-5 ) , and Frederik Andersen made 28 saves for his fourth shutout of the season .
Thomas Greiss stopped 45 shots for the Islanders ( 25-22-5 ) , who also lost 4-1 at home against Florida on Tuesday .
Toronto had three rookie defensemen in the lineup after scratching regulars Morgan Rielly ( upper body ) , Roman Polak ( viral infection ) and Ron Hainsey ( illness ) .
The 26-year-old Holl , with 239 minor league games under his belt , made his NHL debut alongside first-year skaters Andreas Borgman and Dermott . Defenseman Nikita Zaitsev returned to Toronto 's lineup after missing 17 games with a foot injury .
The Maple Leafs scored twice in each of the first two periods .
Kapanen opened the scoring 5:37 into the game by jamming in a loose puck near the goal line .
Matthews doubled the lead when he picked up a Zach Hyman rebound in the slot and sent a wrist shot by Greiss at 13:39 . Jake Gardiner started the play with a long outlet pass and picked up the other assist to extend his point streak to six games .
New York appeared to be gaining some traction before Marner skated into the slot and re-directed a Nazem Kadri pass to make it 3-0 at 10:32 .
Islanders captain John Tavares had a great chance to put his team on the board on the power play , but he juggled the puck at the side of an open net before getting off a weak shot that Andersen had no trouble with despite being on his back .
Dermott finished off a pass from William Nylander with 1:01 to play in the second . Matthews skated right to the Islanders net to pick up the puck as a keepsake before celebrating with the 21-year-old defenseman .
Holl made it 5-0 with a wrist shot from an off angle that slipped through Greiss ' legs at 3:42 . This time it was Hyman who collected the puck for his teammate .
NOTES : Toronto F Matt Martin was a healthy scratch for a third straight game . ... Islanders F Andrew Ladd was activated from injured reserve and inserted into the lineup after missing nine games with an upper-body injury .
UP NEXT
Islanders : Host the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday night .
Maple Leafs : Visit the New York Rangers on Thursday night .
01:15 Reported News Briefs Iyar 10 , 5778 , 25/04/18 Iyar 10 , 5778 , 25/04/18 Watch : IDF troops raid PA village Read more IDF soldiers in Gush Etzion area raid village of Halhul following recent wave of terrorist attacks and riots . ► ◄ Last Briefs
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday condemned the violence during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ We have no tolerance for hate and violence , white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK . We condemn them in the strongest possible terms , ” he said .
PA Chairman , who also serves as Palestine Liberation Organization official , orders preparation of plans to 'disengage ' from Israel .
The Palestine Liberation Organization 's ( PLO ) top leadership on Saturday ordered preparations for disengagement from Israel .
Withdrawing the PLO 's 1988 recognition would threaten decades of Israeli relations with the Palestinian leadership and raise doubts over ongoing security coordination between the two .
It would also be seen as a fatal blow to the two-state solution , already on life support following the White House 's December recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
The PLO 's Executive Committee released a statement after a three-hour meeting Saturday saying it would set up a committee to study the derecognition move .
The organization 's top body was meeting for the first time since the Palestinian Central Council , another arm of the PLO , called for the step last month .
The Executive Committee , led by Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas , ordered the preparation of `` plans and projects for disengagement steps with the Israeli government at the political , administrative , economic and security levels . ''
Last month the PLO 's Central Council voted to suspend recognition of Israel until it recognizes `` Palestine '' and halts the building of Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria .
Western countries have been lobbying senior Palestinian officials to convince them not to take such a step , multiple diplomats said .
The US considered the PLO to be a terrorist organization until 1991 . In 1993 , as part of the Oslo Accords , the PLO recognized Israel 's right to exist in peace , accepted United Nations Security Council resolutions , and `` rejected '' `` violence and terrorism . ''
However , the PLO has not kept its promise , consistently involving itself in violence and terrorism and paying terrorists stipends in proportion to their success in murdering Jews . Abbas recently declared the Oslo Accords `` dead . ''
THREE games to go and the Championship play-offs are too close to call . Qualification was on a plate for Leeds United a month ago but the pressure told over the Easter weekend and the club are suddenly swimming in it .
They have stuttered in patches since turning over champions-in-waiting Brighton on March 18 but yesterday was the first time when Garry Monk might have wondered if his squad were starting to choke . Defeat to Wolverhampton Wanderers would have been a problem in any form . The way in which Leeds invited it left an unavoidable feeling of concern .
In a first half strewn with mistakes , Wolves lapped them up and scored the only goal , the least they had earned from a period in which Leeds came apart at the seams . Nouha Dicko produced a sharp finish beyond Rob Green in the 39th minute but the disjointed play which preceded his goal was symptomatic of the tension running through Elland Road . Green had already pulled off two excellent saves to keep the game goalless and Leeds had used up their lives .
Monk inspired some more energy and direction at half-time but the damage was done and for the first time in almost four months , Leeds find themselves outside the Championship 's top six with three games left , reassured only by the fact that victories from all of those fixtures will guarantee a position in the play-offs . The saving grace might yet be the fact that Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham , the clubs directly above them , meet at Hillsborough on the final day .
Monk was plainly aware of the league standings at full-time , a table showing Leeds in seventh after 25 consecutive games inside the top six . He tempered criticism of the “ one of the worst 45 minutes we 've had all season ” with a defiant tone about the ability of his players to recover in the weeks that remain . Paul Lambert , the Wolves manager , offered his own encouragement . “ They 're well in the mix , ” Lambert said . “ It 's really tight to call and it could go down to the wire . If you 're asking me can they do it , absolutely they can . ”
Lambert 's words oozed more confidence than Leeds ' body language yesterday ; strangely introverted after the intense drama of Chris Wood 's equaliser at Newcastle United on Good Friday . Leeds were made to seem unshakable by that 95th-minute goal but Wolves played on very obvious nerves while failing to kill the game before half-time . Leeds ' reaction after the interval produced the sporadic threat of an equaliser either side of a penalty claim which was n't given but Monk was philosophical .
Chris Wood and Mike Williamson
“ In the first half we were waiting for something to happen and it cost us , ” he said . “ In the second half we tried to make things happen and that 's the way it has to be in these next three games . We ca n't afford any more periods like that first half now . ”
Elland Road has been a comfort blanket for him and his players for most of the season , a highly dependable venue acting as a makeweight for fragile form away from home . Monk 's side have recorded only one away win since the first day of February , in contrast to results at Elland Road . At the worst possible time , their consistency in West Yorkshire dipped .
Monk was consistent with his selection of players , retaining the line-up which started Friday 's gripping draw at Newcastle but failing to free them from the stress of the run-in . It would not have upset him to see Wolves missing £20m-worth of signings in injured pair Helder Costa and Ivan Cavaleiro but Lambert threw experience to the fore and found a way of causing trouble . At the end of an in-and-out year , Wolves are still a long way from the beach .
The make-up of the Championship before kick-off was such that Leeds had no urgent need to keep an eye on events elsewhere but news of other scorelines were bound to filter through and Fulham were leading an Aston Villa team reduced to 10 men within minutes of the start at Elland Road . Word of the opening goal for Sheffield Wednesday at Queens Park Rangers followed soon after . Both Fulham and Wednesday were hoping for help from Wolves which nearly came in the 16th minute . Pontus Jansson and Gaetano Berardi crossed wires over a loose ball on the edge of Leeds ' box and Andreas Weimann unexpectedly found himself one-on-one with Green . Weimann was as surprised as anyone to see the goalkeeper in front of him and Green blocked his low shot after narrowing the angles quickly but that wobble exposed United 's anxiety .
It 's really tight to call and it could go down to the wire . If you 're asking me can they do it , absolutely they can . Paul Lambert on Leeds United 's play-off chances
Throughout the first half Leeds struggled to piece a performance together . Kalvin Phillips drew a low block from Andy Lonergan after spinning onto a pass from Alfonso Pedraza but Wolves were rarely forced to stretch themselves at the back . It was Green who was called into another good save on 23 minutes , pushing Dave Edwards ' volley around a post . Kyle Bartley 's sliding block then dealt with George Saville 's shot with Monk 's defence wide open again .
In amongst mistakes and blind passes which ran astray , Leeds fended for chances as Wolves saw several . Dicko 's left-footed finish on the half-hour flew inches wide of Green 's far post and it took until the last 10 minutes of the half for United press Wolves back . Bartley 's claim for penalty at a Pablo Hernandez corner fell on deaf ears and the centre-back saw an effort blocked before Jansson headed another corner over but Wolves had more than earned the goal which came their way six minutes before the break .
Jansson embarked on a long run upfield but lost possession , inviting Wolves to break . Ben Marshall slipped a pass into the feet of Dicko who met it first time with a deft finish across Green . There were only so many times Green could be asked to dig his defence out .
By the closing minutes of the first half , Hernandez was dropping regularly into his own half , drawn deep by the absence of any good possession . Monk could do nothing more than regroup at the interval , taking comfort from the fact that Green 's early saves had kept the game alive .
Luke Ayling is challenged by George Saville
Wood was screaming for a penalty eight minutes into the second half when his cross hit Richard Stearman 's arm but referee Jeremy Simpson gave Stearman the benefit of the doubt . “ Of course it 's a penalty , ” Monk said . “ His hands are above his head , he stops the cross going in . You see them given every time . But there are no excuses . It was n't good enough from us and there 'll be no excuses in the next three games . ”
Monk blinked soon after , removing Liam Bridcutt and calling on Hadi Sacko 's pace , and Wolves ' swagger began to fade . A fingertip save from Lonergan prevented another of Monk 's substitutes , Souleymane Doukara , from levelling with a header on 73 minutes . Green was spectating by that stage , a mile from the action , but the view was not pleasant and Leeds were surging forward desperately when Kemar Roofe 's header from a 90th-minute corner was nodded off the line by Kortney Hause .
Simpson served up five minutes of injury-time , the same amount which rescued Leeds at St James ' Park on Friday , but there was no twist in the plot and when a last-gasp cross from Hernandez dropped to Wood , the striker 's header crashed over the bar . Monk can only hope that a play-off place is not heading that way .
Souleymane Doukara
A woman from New Roads will have a very special shot at love in an upcoming season of `` The Bachelor . ''
Lauren Jarreau , 33 , of New Roads , was announced as one of the cast members in a tweet from the Bachelor Nation Twitter account .
Lauren Jarreau
Age : 33
Occupation : Recent Master Gradute
Hometown : New Roads , Louisiana pic.twitter.com/Yvk0dtVu3R — Bachelor Nation ( @ bachelorn234 ) December 8 , 2017
Jarreau is a recent master 's degree graduate and is one of 29 hopefuls .
The women will vie for the affection of Arie Luyendyk Jr. , a 36-year-old race car driver .
The show premieres on January 1 .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
MADRID ( AP ) — Real Sociedad signed veteran Mexico defender Hector Moreno on a day without major transfers involving Spain 's top clubs .
Barcelona , Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid did not add any major players to their squads as the transfer window closed on Wednesday .
Real Sociedad signed the 30-year-old Moreno from Roma in a deal reportedly worth 6 million euros ( $ 7.4 million ) . He is joining the Basque Country club until 2021 .
Moreno arrived to replace defender Inigo Martinez . He left for Athletic Bilbao to fill the absence of Frenchman Aymeric Laporte , who this week joined Manchester City in a transfer worth 65 million euros ( $ 80 million ) .
Moreno has 89 appearances with Mexico 's national team .
Sevilla secured former Barcelona forward Sandro Ramirez on loan from Everton . It had already brought in Mexico defender Miguel Layun from Porto and midfielder Roque Mesa from Swansea .
Six players from Saudi Arabia were signed by Spanish clubs on loans until the end of the season as part of a partnership between La Liga and the Saudi Arabian football federation to develop soccer in Saudi Arabia .
Three of those players — Salem Al Dawsari , Fahad Al-Muwallad and Yahya El Shehri — helped Saudi Arabia qualify for the World Cup in Russia . They will play for Villarreal , Levante and Leganes , respectively . The three other players joined lower-tiered clubs .
Barcelona had already signed Brazil playmaker Philippe Coutinho from Liverpool and Colombia defender Yerry Mina from Brazilian club Palmeiras .
Atletico Madrid had added Diego Costa and Victor `` Vitolo '' Machin earlier in the month after its transfer ban from FIFA was lifted . Midfielder Augusto Fernandez left the club to join Chinese soccer .
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
Google launched Material Design in 2014 and has been using it as the basis for a number of updates across its product line including YouTube , Chrome , Search and Inbox . It 's sort of surprising that it has taken this long for Material Design to reach Calendar , but the images from Reddit users show a cleaner , more appealing design that brings Calendar in line with other Google sites and apps .
It 's unclear when Google plans to roll out the new Calendar to everyone , but we 've reached out to the company for more information . We 'll update this post when we have more .
Farmers , food producers and brewers from Leighton Buzzard 's Farmers Market and Pecks Farm Shop will be speaking at a public meeting in the town later this month .
The meeting has been organised as part the Leighton Linslade Low Carbon Town initiative by South Bedfordshire Friends of the Earth and Christian Ecology Leighton Linslade .
Public meeting on farming in Leighton Buzzard is on October 18
It takes place at All Saints Church in Leighton Buzzard on Wednesday , October 18 at 7.45pm and will reveal about how the food producers farm , how they help the environment and the challenges that they face . The issue of bees and neonicotinoids will also be covered .
Kevin Morgan-Jones , from Morgan Pell Farms near Bedford , has been selling his produce on Leighton Buzzard Farmers Market for 17 years and he will be speaking about his cattle , sheep and wildflower meadows and hedges .
Simon Mead , a fifth-generation farmer , from Wilstone Great Farm near Marsworth , Tring , will be talking about how he farms rape without neonicotinoids with wildflower strips around the edges of his fields and produces cold pressed rape seed oil which is high in omega 3 oils .
Datis Gol , from Bucks Star Beer , will be speaking about his microbrewery powered by solar panels and his commitment to the environment .
Morgan Pell farm
They will be joined by local farmer Fiona Peck from Pecks Farm Shop , near Leighton Buzzard , who will be talking about their dairy farm , their ethos and local fruit and vegetables .
Nick Rau , from National Friends of the Earth , will be speaking about the bees who are responsible for pollinating 75 % of our food and the concerns around neonicotinoids .
Victoria Harvey , of South Bedfordshire Friends of the Earth , said : “ This public meeting on 18th October is a great opportunity to hear where our food comes from , how it is farmed , how our local farmers look after the environment and wildlife and the challenges that they are facing ; and to ask questions .
“ We also have a speaker on the bees who are responsible for pollinating 75 % of our food and the effects of neonicotinoids . Local Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire farmers have been bringing in their produce in to Leighton Buzzard market and shops for a 1000 year . We are so lucky in Leighton Buzzard to have good quality fresh local food at a very affordable price in the regular market , the farmers market and local shops .
“ Our surveys have shown that most people who come in to the market , come for the fresh food , flowers and plants as well as other items . This selection of speakers at the meeting will give a real insight into how our food is produced and the issues around the environment and the challenges that our farmers face and how we can support them . Everyone is welcome . ”
A new vehicle is patrolling Brea , but it looks nothing like others in the fleet .
Assigned to patrol The Tracks at Brea trail , the Polaris Gem Global Electric Motorcar has a top speed of 25 mph and a battery life of 98 miles on a full charge .
“ It is used primarily by our downtown liaison officer to patrol the downtown entertainment district as well as the park trails , ” Brea Police Department Lt. Darrin Devereux said . “ Given the length of the Brea Tracks Trails , this is a much quicker and easier way to patrol them quickly , versus on foot or on a bicycle . ”
Introduced at the recent Centennial Parade , the all-electric vehicle has been in use for about three weeks . It cost around $ 21,000 ; the city used money received from the Air Quality Management District .
“ We think it is important to monitor all of our amenities in Brea so that they can be used by everyone in the manner intended , ” Devereux said . “ We will patrol ( the trail ) as we do all of our other parks , so they do n't become a hangout for those wishing to cause problems .
“ Most of our parks are easily accessible and visible to an officer driving a patrol car , ” he said . “ The linear nature of these parks make the small electric vehicle perfect for routine patrols . ”
About the new ride
Polaris Gem Global Electric Motorcar
Size : 69-inch wheelbase , 103 inches long , maximum capacity is 800 pounds
Time to charge : 6 to 8 hours
How many miles on a full charge : 98
Top speed : 25 mph
Seats : 2
Off-road capabilities : Yes
Paradise Valley Town Council unanimously approved an amended final plat for Area C , 39 lots on 17.2 acres , within the Ritz-Carlton Paradise Valley campus .
Area C , as it 's known between town officials , is designated for resort-branded single family homes . Original plans called for 45 homes on 22.5 acres .
The town approved the former special use permit in 2015 .
The council was slated to discuss the item for 30 minutes during their study session , but did so in a much quicker time frame with very little comments or questions . The item was voted on later in the evening .
“ If this is approved today there is still other stipulations in both the SUP and the development agreement that regulate ( design stipulations ) on these lots , ” Paradise Valley Special Projects Coordinator Eva Cutro explained during a brief presentation to council Thursday , May 24 .
“ Approving the plat allows them to go ahead and apply for the building permits . ”
Councilman David Sherf asked if the homes will block the views of the mountains .
“ The town manager and I , we 've gone back and forth , and I know Councilman Dembow was very concerned about the resort hotel blocking the mountain , ” Ms. Cutro said .
Town Manager Kevin Burke noted that staff required a 20-foot height , 20-foot setback and larger lots .
“ That does n't mean that your view is unimpeded , ” Mr. Burke said . “ We 've been focused on the resort relative to the mountains , and that 's all good . ”
News Services Editor Melissa Fittro can be reached at 623-445-2746 , by e-mail at mfittro @ newszap.com or follow her on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MelissaFittro
Remember to send your pictures to blend @ kmtv.com
Visit the website of our Picture of the Day sponsor here : The Vacation Store and the Cruise Company
Researchers say a new birth control pill for men appears to be safe , effective and may soon become a reality.It 's called called dimethandrolone undecanoate , or DMAU and would be taken daily just like the female pill.The study 's senior investigator , Stephanie Page , M.D. , PhD , professor of medicine at the University of Washington is calling it a major step forward in the development of a once-daily `` male pill . `` What about side effects ? `` Despite having low levels of circulating testosterone , very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess , '' Page said.Researchers say longer term studies are currently underway to confirm that the pill can block sperm production so a man can not get his partner pregnant.The study included 100 healthy men , ages 18 to 50 years old , and took place at the University of Washington Medical Center and at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance , California.DMAU is being developed by the National Institutes of Health , Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , which funded this study .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Here is our guide of what is happening this weekend .
PAID : Indoor Ice Skating , Fleetwood , January 5 to 7
Couch to 5k
Families are invited to the ice skating rink in Marine Hall , The Esplanade , from Thursday January 5 to Saturday January 7 . There will be skating aids to hire for little ones who are new to skating .
Open from midday to 8pm with beat night sessions from 6pm .
Last admission 7pm . Tickets are valid for one single 45-minute session only . Pre-booked tickets : £5 including skate hire .
Tickets on the door : £6 .
PAID : Animal Encounters , Brockholes , Friday January 6
Children will have the chance to get up close and personal with a variety of unique creatures . Youngsters can meet some remarkable reptiles and mega mini-beasts including giant African land snails , snakes , scorpions , hissing cockroaches and more .
One-hour sessions are at 10.15am , 11.30am , 1pm and 2.15pm .
Visit http : //www.brockholes.org to book .
FREE : New Year Couch to 5k , Chorley , starts Saturday January 7
Chorley Council 's New Year Couch to 5K programme starts again on Saturday , January meeting in the courtyard in Astley Park at 10am .
​This nine-week programme , organised by Chorley Runners , culminates in a 5K run through Astley Park on Saturday 11 March .
To sign up visit http : //www.groups.runtogether.co.uk/ChorleyRunners .
There are the three runs to choose from and all are held three times a week , on Saturdays , Mondays and Wednesdays .
Entry is free . The run is being done through RunTogether which is organised by England Athletics .
FREE : Fylde Gallery , Lytham , until January 8
There is still time to catch the work of Lytham St Annes Photographic Society as members showcase the skills and artistry of photographers in the Fylde area .
The exhibition is held in a small gallery within Booths supermarket in Haven Road , Lytham , Monday to Saturday 10am to 4pm , Sunday 10.30am to 3.30pm . Entry is free .
FREE : Cleveleys Beach Care , Sunday January 8
Why not join Cleveleys Beach Care team to help make a difference .
Marine litter is a global problem , come along and help make the local coastal environment a better place .
People should meet at Jubilee Beach , Sea Swallow Statue , at the top Of Victoria Road , Cleveleys , at noon on Sunday .
The clean-up session lasts until 2pm . For more information call 01995 602125 .
PAID : Phoenix Group , Silverdale , Sunday January 8
Teenagers aged between 13 and 19 are invited to discover more about wildlife and help save nature as well as meeting new friends at RSPB Leighton Moss , Silverdale .
The organisation promises lots of exciting things they can do .
The cost is £2 or £1 for RSPB Phoenix members .
For more information call the trust on 01524 701601 .
FREE : Art Exhibition , Preston , January 7 and 8
Harris Museum and Art Gallery host an exhibition : View of Preston from Penwortham Hill throughout January . Thanks to a public donations campaign led by the Friends of the Harris , this landscape by John Jenkinson has been conserved at Lancashire Conservation Studios . Find out why it was originally thought the painting was produced in 1821 but now dated a year earlier . Open 10am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday .
FREE : Clock Workshop , Leyland , Saturday January 7
Stewart Whillis will present a Talk and Clock Workshop at South Ribble Museum and Exhibition Centre on Saturday from 10.30am to noon . This is part of At 11am he will give a carriage clocks illustrated talk .
Bring along your timepieces for identification and advice .
All are welcome and for any further details contact the museum on 01772 422041 .
PAID : Junior Ski and Snowboard Taster Sessions , Rossendale , until January 6
Ski Rossendale , in Haslingden Old Road , Rawtenstall , is hosting a series of taster sessions for youngsters up to the age of 16 during the festive holidays .
The last session is on Friday .
Tickets are £4 each .
Families are welcome to take advantage of this offer . To book call 01706 226457 .
FREE : Wedding Fair , Preston , Sunday January 9
Couples are invited to Avenham and Miller Park for a wedding fair from noon until 3pm .
Entry is free and there will be plenty of stalls with information on anything you need to plan a wedding ,
Visitors can grab free bridal magazines and free goody bags .
Parking is free .
On paper , it might look like I have a blended family . My eldest daughter has my last name , and her younger sister has my husband 's . But I 'm not divorced , I have n't remarried and they are n't my stepchildren ( though that would be lovely , too—I 'd want these guys on my team , no matter what the circumstances ) . In my eyes , we look the same on paper as we do in real life—a family of four individuals—and that 's just how we wanted it .
When my husband and I got married , there was no question that we would keep our own names . We both had ( somewhat ) established careers and , more importantly , we both viewed marriage as a union of equals—we vowed to love each other and grow old together . Neither of us wanted the other to change identities .
You might also be interested in ... Canadians rank their top Canadian hockey teams
But when it came to any potential children , we were n't quite sure how to proceed . The thing is , our two family names are too phonetically similar to sound good together—it would make a mushy mess that would only become compounded in the next generation if our kids married people with hyphenated names . Plus , it did n't feel right for my family history and heritage to be tucked away as a second middle name ( and a mushy-sounding full name ) or discarded entirely in favour of my husband 's history and heritage .
This was our first concrete decision as parents , and we took it seriously—like , really seriously . Though we never talked about it in manifesto-like terms , we wanted to find a way to reflect those values of independence and collaboration and honour both families .
Kind of skirting the issue , we talked endlessly of first names instead . My otherwise easygoing husband refuses to play any and every car game , but he will happily discuss the relative merits of names like Anwar , Saskia , Joop and Beatrix for hours—and we did . We had lists and lists of names for potential and/or imaginary children and pets of our own , as well as for those of friends , family members and random celebrities . We had a surfeit of possibilities but no definitive last name to ground them .
When my husband floated the idea that we pick names based on how well they worked with our surnames—one with his and one with mine—it just felt right . I remember asking “ Is that totally weird ? ” but immediately loved what an elegant ( and egalitarian ) solution it was . Winnowing down all those possibilities to our favourites was suddenly incredibly easy .
With that simple ( and totally weird ) decision , we diverged from what most other Canadians choose . In the recent survey for The Canada Project , 55 per cent of millennials and 50 per cent of Gen-Xers believe a married couple should share the same name . No doubt , the majority also believes that the kids should follow suit .
When people find out this odd piece of trivia about me , they inevitably ask about all the problems that these different last names must cause at daycare , school and doctors ' offices . My response is a bit of a letdown : In the decade that we 've been a four-person , two-surname family , our nonconformist approach to naming has n't caused a single incident . We are who we are , and we have the paperwork to prove it , though it 's never really come to that ( well , except at the border , but that 's what passports are for ) .
I often say that our last names have been a complete non-issue , but that 's not quite true . Our little experiment in nomenclature has made me think deeply about what it really means to be a family and what ideals I want to foster for myself and my brood . We talk a lot about appreciating differences and the importance of always considering other perspectives . Our different names are a potent symbol that we are a collection of individuals who are collectively trying our best to love and learn from each other .
It works for us . Of course , your tribe might look and sound quite different than ours , which is just as it should be .
Several Michigan state officials , including those who reported to Gov . Rick Snyder , have been charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with a Legionnaires ' outbreak that killed 12 people during the Flint water crisis , the Michigan attorney general 's office announced Wednesday .
Charges were announced for five state and city officials , including Nick Lyon , the current director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services . Former Flint emergency manager Darnell Earley , who had previously been charged , also now faces involuntary manslaughter , along with three other lower-ranking officials , according to the attorney general 's office .
Another high-ranking state health department official , Dr. Eden Wells , was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an officer .
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services had no comment when asked about the employment status of Lyon and Wells , who are both still listed on the department website under executive bios .
At a news conference , Attorney General Bill Schuette told reporters the announcement is about restoring accountability and trust .
`` That arrogance that people would want to sweep this away and that there are nameless , faceless bureaucrats who caused this and no one responsible is outrageous , '' he said adding that this is proof the system is working .
`` It 's hard to be surprised anymore , '' Flint Mayor Karen Weaver told CNN . `` We 've been waiting for some accountability since this crisis started so we 're glad that justice is playing out . ''
In all,15 people have been charged as a result of Schuette 's ongoing investigation into the Flint water crisis .
`` Today 's announcement that additional state officials will face criminal charges is an indictment of the state 's failed policies that led to this crisis , '' Congressman Dan Kildee , a Democrat of Flint Township , said in a statement .
Some of the charges deal with lead poisoning , and the reason the city changed its water supply , while others deal with the spread of Legionnaires ' connected to the crisis . Other charges range from willful neglect of duty , misconduct and conspiracy .
Wednesday marked the first time charges of involuntary manslaughter were brought .
Kildee noted that the crisis is not over yet . `` The state and the Governor created this crisis and they must do more to help Flint 's recovery . ''
17:21 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Bennett : Only standing on principles will bring us respect Read more
Minister of Diaspora affairs Naftali Bennett addressed rabbis and community leaders about Israel 's political situation in the world . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Text for a chance to win a 4 pack of tickets to House Of Horror Haunted Carnival .
Listen all weekend long and when you hear the cue to text on the 10's… text in that keyword for your shot at winning .
GOOD LUCK !
CLICK HERE TO ENTER ONLINE
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE RULES
Lake Co manhunt for Kelseyville man Joshua Caleb Brown . Allegedly shot at @ CHP & @ CaltransHQ workers . # abc7now via @ romn8tr pic.twitter.com/DhFDDcmGyR — Katie Utehs ( @ KatieUtehs ) August 14 , 2017
Potential suspect seen moving up a hill to a residence just north of incident . Grey shirt with backpack . # lakecountyshooter — Rev . Dave Thompson ( @ revdavethompson ) August 14 , 2017
Officials with the Lake County Sheriff 's Department say a man who shot at CHP officers and Caltrans workers on Monday morning has been captured.According to officials , employees with Caltrans were in the area between Cruickshank Road and Cole Creek Road on Hwy 29 in Kelseyville conducting road work around 10:30 a.m. Units with the CHP were also in the area assisting Caltrans when they noticed a man walk out of his house and approach them.Deputies say 43-year-old Joshua Brown , known as `` Buck Brown , '' fired two shots in the direction of the officers and workers . They note that he fired additional shots at a State Parks Officer and then fled on foot.A perimeter was established and additional assistance from allied agencies was requested . Officers from the California Highway Patrol , Lakeport Police Department , Clearlake Police Department , Lake County D.A . 's Office , Mendocino County Sheriff 's Office , and Sonoma County Sheriff 's Office responded to assist . California Highway Patrol and Sonoma County Sheriff 's Office assisted with air support.While the search for Brown was underway , officials closed Highway 29 remains to all traffic between Live Oak Drive and Bottle Rock Road . Live Oak Drive was also closed between Cruickshank Road and Cole Creek Road.Officials say Brown is known in the area to dislike law enforcement . They believe he retreated into his residence after the shooting.Authorities announced that he was captured around 5:15 p.m. but have not disclosed any further details.No injuries were reported in the shooting .
Hours after suspected Islamic extremists opened fire as patrons dined at the popular restaurant where she worked as a waitress , Amy Sawadogo was still wandering around barefoot at a crisis center asking about her colleagues .
`` I just want to go to the hospital and see who is still alive , '' the distraught young woman , who was still dressed in her uniform , said early Monday . `` I am calling them in vain , no response . ''
The death toll rose to 18 and authorities said many of the victims were children dining with their families on a Sunday night at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant when horror struck once again in Burkina Faso 's capital of Ouagadougou . At least 22 people were wounded .
Less than two years ago , jihadists killed 30 people in a similar attack at the nearby Cappuccino cafe , which only recently reopened in a city where fear of another attack has been high .
Eight of the dead in Sunday 's attack were citizens of Burkina Faso , authorities said . Three Lebanese and two Canadians were also killed , according to the victims ' respective foreign ministries . Other victims came from Kuwait , Senegal , Nigeria , Turkey and France , state prosecutor Maizan Sereme said .
The attack began around 9 p.m. Sunday when the Aziz Istanbul , an upscale Turkish restaurant patronized by many foreigners , was packed with diners . Two young men wearing jeans and jackets drove up on motorcycles and began indiscriminately shooting at the people inside with Kalashnikovs , witnesses told The Associated Press .
`` I heard a noise when they smashed a car with their motorbike and before I understood what happened they started shooting at the customers on the terrace , '' said Assane Guebre , who had been keeping an eye on customers ' cars parked outside .
`` They were close to me , and I still do n't know how they did not hit me first , '' said Guebre , whose hands were still bleeding from the cuts he suffered when he threw himself to the ground to avoid the bullets .
Gunfire rang out long into the night before the country 's special forces ended the attack after nearly seven hours . Initially authorities had said there were three or four assailants . However , government spokesman Remy Danguinou told reporters early Monday that two attackers had been killed by the authorities .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility but the attack bore the hallmarks of the January 2016 assault on the Cappuccino — gunmen opening fire on diners at a restaurant popular with foreigners , prompting a massive search for the culprits as gunfire and explosions continued into the night .
President Roch Marc Christian Kabore declared three days of national mourning . `` The fight against terrorism is a long-term battle , '' he said in a statement Monday . `` That 's why I 'm calling for vigilance , solidarity and unity of the whole nation in order to face the cowardice of our adversaries . ''
In Paris , the office of French President Emmanuel Macron said he discussed the attack in a call with his Burkina Faso counterpart . The leaders agreed that it was urgent to accelerate the deployment of a new 5,000-strong anti-terror force in the Sahel , a statement said . With contributions from Mali , Mauritania , Niger , Burkina Faso and Chad — known as the G5 — the force is to deploy by September .
At least five members of Burkina Faso 's security forces were among the wounded , and another member on leave at the time was among the dead , the state prosecutor said .
Burkina Faso , a landlocked nation in West Africa , is one of the poorest countries in the world . It shares a northern border with Mali , which has long battled Islamic extremists .
In the 2016 attack the attackers were of foreign origin , according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb , which claimed responsibility for those killings along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun . But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown , experts say .
The northern border region near Mali is now the home of a local preacher , Ibrahim Malam Dicko , who radicalized and has claimed responsibility for recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians . His association , Ansarul Islam , is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso 's government .
———
Associated Press writers Krista Larson in Dakar , Senegal ; John Leicester in Paris and Rob Gillies in Toronto contributed to this report .
How can a genuinely democratic , equitable and sustainable society be created ? Donate to order this gift now !
Another day , another leap forward in the continuing Preston Markets project .
READ MORE : Preston Market Hall opening pushed back to 2018
Last week , the Post reported how Preston 's outdoor market traders are already selling their wares under the city 's new Market Hall canopy .
The 1875 canopy has been restored and the area repaved as part of the £3m improvements to the markets .
Now the containers that will be used on the new Box Market are in place .
The huge shipping containers – tall enough to walk inside – will be used by traders on the former Fish Market as a base from which to sell their goods .
Leader of Preston City Council , CounPeter Rankin , said : “ The first phase of our brand-new markets opened last week with the Outdoor and Secondhand market traders moving back under the fully renovated 1875 Covered Market .
“ The refurbished space includes granite paving , improved lighting and new trading tables made from recycled timber from the old board and trestle tables .
“ Meanwhile we are taking delivery of the upcycled shipping containers for our Box Market on the old Fish Market which we are equally excited about .
“ Everything is really taking shape now and we can not wait for the Market Hall and Box Market to be open and trading in February . ”
He added : “ It 's all really exciting . And if anyone is interested in the opportunities available at the new markets they should get in touch . ”
The new Market Hall , currently under construction , is a modern glass and timber-clad pavilion style building designed to complement the larger listed Victorian market canopy .
The remainder of space beneath the canopy will continue to operate as an outdoor market during the day and flexible event and performance space in the evening .
Oh , the injustice of it all .
Who among us has n't felt abused as a consumer ? We get billed for stuff we did n't receive , or that does n't work , or that did n't live up to its hype . Companies charge us unexpected fees and insist the costs were revealed in the fine print . Health insurers take customer disservice to a whole new , awful level , inexplicably refusing to pay for services they promised to cover and deluging us with impossible-to-decrypt paperwork .
It 's understandable if you feel that enough is enough . But taking a righteous stand against paying an unfair bill can boomerang on you — hard .
Here are some situations where you might be tempted to refuse to pay , and what you might want to consider doing instead .
BILLING DISPUTES
Several years ago a friend refused to pay a bill for internet service that did n't work . The collection account that later appeared on his credit reports nearly cost him a job offer . ( He paid off the collection and wound up taking a job with a different employer . )
The balance of power is tilted heavily in favor of companies and collection agencies that can report an unpaid bill to the credit bureaus . You can include a 100-word dispute in your credit files , but good luck getting anyone to read it . The credit scores most lenders and insurers use do n't factor in those statements . Employers , who typically use credit reports rather than scores to evaluate applicants , may see your statement , but it may not affect hiring , firing or promotion decisions .
—What to do instead : Settle disputes before a bill goes to collections . Consider asking a government regulator for help ( search for `` Who regulates ( company name ) ? '' to find the agency ) or turning to a lawmaker whose staff can help with constituent disputes . As a last resort , consider paying the bill , then suing the company in small claims court .
If you used a credit card to pay the bill , you 're in luck . Credit card users have a powerful , built-in weapon to deal with shoddy services or goods — the chargeback . A chargeback , which reverses a payment to a merchant , prevents damage to your credit report for nonpayment while a dispute is resolved .
MEDICAL BILLS
For about 43 million people , or 1 out of 5 credit reports , there 's overdue medical debt , according to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . For 15 million people , medical bills are the only overdue debt on their credit reports .
Clearly , many of us are having trouble paying our medical bills — or thinking they have been paid when they have n't , since many ricochet between health care providers and insurers , sometimes for months .
The latest versions of the FICO and VantageScore credit scoring models treat medical debt less harshly than other collections , but most lenders use older versions of the scores . The toll can be significant : A single collection account can drop a 680 FICO score by 40 points and a 780 score by 100 points . ( The most widely used credit scoring formulas , such as the FICO 8 , use a 300-to-850 range . )
—What to do instead : If you have health insurance , follow up on every medical bill you receive to make sure it gets paid . If you do n't have insurance or ca n't pay your bill , ask health care providers if they have charity programs or payment plans that could make the costs more manageable .
FEDERAL STUDENT LOANS
Only half of recent graduates strongly agreed that college was worth the cost , a 2015 Gallup-Purdue Index poll found . That may explain why about 1 in 10 borrowers who were scheduled to start paying their federal student loans in 2013-14 have defaulted instead , according to the U.S. Department of Education .
Refusing to pay your loans is shortsighted . The default hurts your credit scores , which will make other borrowing difficult and can increase the cost of items like car insurance and cell phone plans . But that 's just the start . Government collectors can seize your tax refund , take a portion of your wages without going to court and literally pursue you to the grave . The U.S. Supreme Court decided a portion of Social Security benefits , which are typically off-limits to creditors , could be seized to repay delinquent federal student loans .
—What to do instead : The education department offers several affordable repayment options , including an income-based plan that can reduce required payments to zero . Struggling borrowers can find plenty of information at the education department 's Federal Student Aid site . For private student loans , consider calling the loan servicer directly to ask about options such as interest-only payments .
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet , a certified financial planner and author of `` Your Credit Score . '' Email : lweston @ nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @ lizweston .
RELATED LINK :
NerdWallet : How to choose a student loan repayment plan https : //nerd.me/student-loan-repayment
Federal Student Aid : Guide to repaying federal student loans https : //studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans
Forbes : When you should and should n't dispute a credit card purchase https : //www.forbes.com/sites/clairetsosie/2017/03/16/when-you-should-and-shouldnt-dispute-a-credit-card-purchase/ # 4674067d2e39
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders .
The retailer is flogging three ‘ Baby Rockit ' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store .
But M & S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists .
Professor Brendan Godley , conservation science lecturer at Exeter University , tweeted a picture of the tubing .
Mr Godley wrote : “ Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “ fit car cup holders ( M & S rep ) . ”
His tweet included the hashtags # timetochange and # irresponsiblepackaging .
He later tweeted : “ Apples do n't need to come in a plastic tube .
“ We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead . ”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York , Bryce Beukers-Stewart , tweeted : “ If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin ...
“ Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about # PlasticPollution . ”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce , saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “ protection and convenience ” .
They wrote : “ We do care Bryce : / The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience . Being a small pack , it can easily fit in a car cup holder , or a bag .
‘ 'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled , though we 're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative . ”
Marks and Spencer 's ‘ Plan A 2025 ' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business .
Miranda Lambert is reportedly romancing Evan Felker .
The 34-year-old singer - who was previously married to Blake Shelton from 2011 to 2015 , and broke up with ex-boyfriend Anderson East earlier this year - is believed to have struck up a new relationship with fellow musician Evan , who is a member of the neo-folk band Turnpike Troubadours .
A source told Us Weekly magazine : `` They are very much involved . ''
Evan 's band are currently opening for Miranda on her 'Livin ' Like Hippies ' tour , which kicked off in January and runs until June .
Another insider told the publication that the pair `` started spending a lot more time together while on the road , '' when things just `` happened '' between them , and they 've been romantically involved ever since .
News of Miranda 's split from musician Anderson - whom she dated for two years - was first reported earlier this month .
A source said at the time : `` They have spent a lot of time apart , but potentially could end up back together . The love is still there . ''
Despite only recently having the break-up confirmed , the 'House That Built Me ' hitmaker fuelled speculation they had parted ways in March , when she she spoke out about heartbreak .
Before performing her track 'Tin Man ' , Miranda said : `` I make it my mission every single time I step on the stage that no matter what , no matter where I am , I want to make you feel everything you could possibly feel . I want you to feel sad , mad , happy and nostalgic and really p * * * * d sometimes . And part of feelings is also heartbreak , unfortunately . But fortunately for me , I can use it for my art or whatever . I like to write sad songs . I like to listen to sad songs , so I want to sing y'all one . ''
Meanwhile Evan has recently filed for divorce from his wife Staci Nelson , whom he has been married to since 2016 . According to Us Weekly , Evan filed for divorce on February 16 , with Staci filing 12 days later .
ST. PAUL , Minn. – John Gibson put on a show-stopping performance with 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season to lift the Ducks to a 1-0 victory over the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday night .
Gibson stole a win for the Ducks ( 30-18-10 ) to give them two victories on a six-game trip . Minnesota , which has the Western Conference 's best record , was blanked for only the third time this season as former Ducks coach Bruce Boudreau 's club failed to secure a three-game season sweep .
The Ducks got their goal just 4:38 into the game . Corey Perry 's sharp-angle shot was stopped by Minnesota goalie Devan Dubnyk but a rebound left at his feet was there for the arriving Joseph Cramarossa to jump on and pop behind him .
It was Cramarossa 's fourth goal of the season and first since scoring Jan. 6 against Arizona . And it somehow held up under continual pressure and a barrage of shots by the Wild . Following the goal , the Ducks went nearly 10 minutes without a shot . Five Ducks minor penalties and a game misconduct for Antoine Vermette also kept them on the defensive .
Vermette was thrown out with 12:27 left in the third after he chopped the back of linesman 's Shandor Alphonso leg following a faceoff . The Ducks lost a valuable faceoff specialist as they tried to keep the lead but they might not have the veteran forward beyond this game .
Because the penalty was considered an abuse of an official , Vermette 's action can be reported to the league by the game officials and leave him under potential consideration for supplementary discipline . And yet the Ducks came out smiling in the end because of their last line of defense .
The last time he was in Minnesota , Gibson had to leave the game during the first period because of an upper-body injury . Jonathan Bernier came on in relief but was ultimately done in by a three-goal blitz from the Wild in their comeback win .
Having their main man around this time made a difference . Gibson put up a wall behind his tired teammates as they were continually swarmed by Minnesota 's persistent forecheck . The Wild had a 29-12 shot advantage after two periods but could n't get one past the goalie .
More to come on this story .
Contact the writer : estephens @ scng.com
Former `` Sex and the City '' star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor .
After flirting with a run for months , Nixon tweeted Monday that she will challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
It sets up a longshot bid pitting an openly gay liberal activist who has never held political office against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions .
Her campaign website said Nixon wo n't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $ 65,100 for the election cycle .
`` We want our government to work again . On health care , ending massive incarceration , fixing our broken subway , '' Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . `` We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us . ''
Nixon has her work cut out for her . A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats , and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals . Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats but did n't have more than a quarter of either group .
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16 . The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
Nixon in recent months has given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run `` bluer '' in 2018 and carve out a strong , progressive liberal identity rather than being merely `` the anti-Trump party . ''
`` It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense , '' said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio .
Nixon , a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three , is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues . Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent .
Last month , at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign , which has endorsed Cuomo , she took a backhanded stab at the governor 's record : `` For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state , New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country . ''
A Cuomo campaign spokesman said the governor `` has delivered more real progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country , '' including legalizing gay marriage , tightening gun restrictions , raising the minimum wage , expanding public education funding and banning fracking .
The 60-year-old Cuomo recently mocked the celebrity status the Grammy , Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race .
`` Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor , '' Cuomo said earlier this month . `` If it was just about name recognition , then I 'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel do n't get into the race . ''
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy `` Sex and the City , '' her star power among upstate voters is less certain .
Jefrey Pollock , pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats , said that celebrity is n't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth .
`` Over and over in our research , Democratic primary voters say they 're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington , D.C. , and see what the outsider has meant to this country , '' Pollock said .
The first task for Nixon , Muzzio said , is to launch a listening and talking tour .
`` She ca n't be the celebrity glamour girl , '' he said . `` She 's got to get out there and get exposure upstate . ''
Nixon wo n't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot . Former `` Law and Order : SVU '' actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district .
———
This story has been corrected to show the child in the video is Nixon 's son , not daughter .
The composition of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) Evaluation Commission for the 2022 Summer Youth Olympic Games ( YOG ) has today been announced with IOC vice-president Uğur Erdener appointed by President Thomas Bach as its chair .
Erdener will lead an experienced team of Evaluation Commission members responsible for assisting and guiding the selection process to elect the African host for the event scheduled to be held in four years ' time .
Among the seven members is Gambia 's Beatrice Allen , vice-president of the World Baseball Softball Confederation ,
She is joined by IOC Executive Board members Kirsty Coventry of Zimbabwe and Gunilla Lindberg of Sweden , as well as Chile 's Neven Ilic , President of the Pan American Sports Organization .
Completing the list is China 's Li Lingwei , Burundi 's Lydia Nsekera and Papua New Guinea 's Auvita Rapilla .
The IOC Evaluation Commission composition is said to reflect the diversity of the Olympic Movement , comprising members from all continents , representing athletes , National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) and International Federations .
The Commission will act as a link between the interested parties , the IOC and Olympic Movement stakeholders .
It is hoped this will ensure that the best partner to co-construct the 2022 YOG is found .
Pan American Sports Organization President Neven Ilic has been named as an Evaluation Commission member ©Getty Images
Last week , Tunis in Tunisia and Abuja in Nigeria emerged as potential bidders to challenge Dakar in Senegal to host the event .
None of the three are yet considered official candidates , but the trio have already participated in working sessions and are considered interested parties in a dialogue stage .
IOC members voted in favour of a proposal to `` proactively '' seek an African host of the event at their Session in Pyeongchang in February .
Bach claimed afterwards that he hoped the event could pave the way towards a Olympic game in Africa in either 2032 or 2036 .
It was announced in Pyeongchang that an IOC delegation were already satisfied that Senegal met all `` necessary criteria '' after travelling to the country to tour expected venues and meet with Government officials .
`` It 's time for Africa , '' Bach said when commenting on today 's announcement .
`` Africa is the home of so very many successful Olympic athletes .
`` It is also the continent of youth .
`` This is why we want to take the Youth Olympic Games 2022 to Africa .
`` This is why the IOC will proactively approach a number of African NOCs to evaluate the feasibility of bringing the YOG to Africa . ''
Tunisia 's capital Tunis has recently emerged as a potential host of the 2022 Summer YOG ©Wikipedia
Erdener , President of World Archery and the Turkish Olympic Committee , has a wealth of experience in the YOG .
In 2016 , he led the working group , instigated by Olympic Agenda 2020 , which undertook a review of the YOG positioning to ensure that the event is constantly evolving and adapting to maximise the impact on young elite athletes .
He is currently chairing the Steering Committee on shaping the future of the YOG , responsible for implementing the 14 working group recommendations approved at the IOC Session in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
The IOC Evaluation Commission can also rely on his experience as a former member of the Evaluation Commission for the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games .
`` In choosing to target Africa , we are following the new principles adopted by the IOC Session to replace the competitive stage seen in previous Youth Olympic Games host city selections , '' Eredener said .
`` It will make the process more streamlined , simpler and shorter .
`` Africa has so much to offer the world and we are convinced that an African nation can now take the opportunity of the Youth Olympic Games to showcase this to the rest of the world . ''
The host selection process for the 2022 YOG was announced last month .
Following the feasibility studies , visits , in-depth discussions and research and analysis that will be undertaken by IOC administration members and experts with a number of African NOCs , the IOC Evaluation Commission 2022 intends to submit its report in September 2018 .
The host for the fourth edition of the Summer YOG are due to be elected at the IOC Session in Buenos Aires in October 2018 .
Abiola was killed with ‘ Abuja tea ' – Fani-Kayode [ VIDEO ]
Former Minister of Aviation , Femi Fani-Kayode says Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola , acclaimed winner of the 1993 presidential election was murdered . He said this while speaking on the incidents that trailed the election and subsequent imprisionment of Abiola . Abiola , who was incarcerated after declaring himself president , died in custody on July 7 , 1998 in Abuja , the [ … ]
Abiola was killed with ‘ Abuja tea ' – Fani-Kayode [ VIDEO ]
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again .
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country 's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways do n't hold .
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night .
`` There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases , '' Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday , telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant .
That 's why Azevedo was n't budging yet .
`` My plan is to stay here , '' said Azevedo , who evacuated from Marysville with his wife , Tasha , their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives . They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley , Calif. and he planned to wait out this week 's upcoming storm before returning home . Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday .
`` I 'm not trying to risk traffic , being stuck in floods . I 'm safe where I 'm at , '' Azevedo said .
Many other evacuees , such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston , could n't wait to get back home .
`` You do n't appreciate home until it 's taken away from you , '' said Johnston , 69 , who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico , California . As she packed the blankets , pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag , she reflected on the mad rush to leave , the chaos , confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out . `` It was just frustrating . Very frustrating . ''
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure 's main spillway . The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion .
Two days after issuing the evacuation order , officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained .
Over the weekend , the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours , leaving it badly eroded . The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam 's main concrete spillway .
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion . Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary .
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains .
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam 's water levels continued to decrease but it did n't say by how much .
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir 's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon . Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain . They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm .
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night . But the storm was looking colder than initially projected , meaning less rain and less runoff than last week 's storms .
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras , the state water agency said .
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $ 100 million to $ 200 million , Croyle said . Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends .
Gov . Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation .
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday , just a few hours after saying the situation was stable , forcing families to rush to pack up and get out .
Honea , the county sheriff , said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems .
But after two days away from home , tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary . They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff 's warning to remain vigilant .
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment 's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday .
`` We 're all coming back and pack and be ready this time , '' Remocal said . `` This time we 're going to be on call like they said . ''
———
Elias reported from San Francisco .
———
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker , Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco ; Don Thompson in Sacramento ; Terry Chea in Grass Valley , California ; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma , California ; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles .
Gowon , Obasanjo , Shonekan , Ekwueme , others form choir , sing for greater Nigeria
Video clip shows past Nigerian leaders and current Vice President singing hymn for a greater , united and peaceful Nigeria in the year 2017 .
Singing Isaac Watts hymn , “ Our God , Our Help in Ages Past , ” were the former Head of State , Gen. Yakubu Gowon ; Former President Olusegun Obasanjo ; Former Chairman of Nigeria Interim Government , Ernest Shonekan , Former Vice President Alex Ekwueme ; Former Chief of Staff , Real Admiral , Ebitu Ukiwe , General Oladipo Diya and the current Vice President , Yemi Osinbajo . Enjoy the hymn and type your comment below .
The post Gowon , Obasanjo , Shonekan , Ekwueme , others form choir , sing for greater Nigeria appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Lord Selkirk Royals will wear the crown as the top varsity boy 's high school volleyball team in the province .
The No.1-ranked Royals took down the No.2-ranked River East Kodiaks in four sets ( 21-25 , 25-23 , 25-18 , 25-22 ) Dec. 4 to win the provincial championship for the eighth time in school history . The Kodiaks were looking for their first provincial title in varsity boy 's volleyball since 1982 .
Selkirk was led by their star left-side hitter Nigel Nielsen — the top-ranked player in the Winnipeg Sun 's annual high school volleyball Top 10 coaches poll . For Nielsen and four of his teammates , the victory capped off a perfect high school career with four provincial volleyball titles .
“ It 's everything we 've wanted , ” said Nielsen , who will be playing at the University of Winnipeg next fall . “ For five of us , every year we 've played provincials and every year we 've won a title . I could n't be happier . It 's a perfect high school career , what more can I say ? I 'm speechless . ”
The Royals were able to overcome a disappointing first set loss to win three in a row . River East was close to extending the game to a fifth set , as they crawled back from a 23-18 deficit to make it a 24-22 game before Selkirk was able to close it out . The key to victory for Selkirk was slowing down Hudson Wall , the star left side hitter for River East . Wall was voted the No.2-ranked player in the Sun 's coaches poll .
“ Our focus was going out against ( Wall ) and we had to leave a couple more things wide open in the middle and on the right side , ” said Selkirk head coach Jeff Scarcello . “ He 's such a good player — you 've got to have two solid blocks up there . ”
The final was a battle between familiar foes , as Selkirk and River East both play in the Kilcona Peguis Athletic Conference . The two teams met in the KPAC final last month with Selkirk coming out on top in three sets .
“ These guys are champions through and through , ” said Scarcello on his team who had a 31-4 record in the regular season . “ They know what it takes to win and a big part of the success tonight was their experience . We did n't play well in that first set but there was no panic . These guys were relaxed , they knew what we had to do and they just went out and played a good game . ”
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Harvey Weinstein got indicted by a grand jury for multiple rape charges .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. announced the disgraced Hollywood exec was hit with committing criminal sexual act in the first degree and rape in the first and third degrees . This is “ another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged , ” Vance says .
Weinstein did not testify on his behalf during the proceedings . His attorney , Ben Brafman , thinks prosecutors have “ unfairly denied access to critical information about this case. ” Brafman suggests that one of the accusers had a decade long consensual affair with Harvey .
Stay tuned for more details as this story develops .
Union government 's proposal of MP 's salary hike has found a supporter in Congress leader Shashi Tharoor . Mr Tharoor hit out at people for criticising the hike and said the current salaries were inadequate to make the ends meet and the decision must be welcomed and not criticised . The move had sparked outrage from various quarters with people terming the current salary package of MPs as 'adequate ' .
For once BJP-led NDA government at the Centre and Congress MP , Shashi Tharoor seem to be on the same page . Lok Sabha MP from Thiruvananthapuram , Tharoor has extended support to central govt 's proposal to double the salaries of MPs . He said that current remuneration of MPs was ‘ ridiculously inadequate ' and it would be ‘ hypocritical ' to criticise the move. ” It is impossible to make ends meet without a supplementary income or some source of corruption . Do n't point to free air tickets : they are used for travel to and from the constituency and can not be monetised to cover actual expenses . MP salaries are ridiculously inadequate . It would be hypocritical to criticize a salary increase unless you can come up with a formula for doing all that an MP is expected to do within this amount , ” he said in a post on Facebook .
While presenting his budget speech , Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed changes in MPs salaries including doubling of monthly salary from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh and an increment in the pension from Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 per month . “ I am , therefore , proposing necessary changes to refix the salary , constituency allowance , office expenses and meeting allowance payable to MPs with effect from April 1 , 2018 , ” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said while proposing the changes in his budget speech on February 1 . Mr Jaitley also proposed a law for an automatic revision of salaries for MPs every five years indexed to inflation .
The move had sparked outrage from various quarters with people terming the current salary package of MPs as ‘ adequate ' .
This is what the law says you can do when someone parks in front of your house
Earth 's Heat Loss Causing Sliding Ice Sheets
New research suggests the dissipation of heat from Earth 's interior is responsible for the acceleration of the seaward slide of Greenland 's ice sheets .
The descent of Greenland 's shrinking glaciers is well documented , but the latest research -- published this week in the journal Scientific Reports -- is the first to link the ice loss with escaped heat from Earth 's interior .
The research was made possible by a decade-long survey of Greenland 's Young Sound fjord . For ten years , scientists with the Arctic Research Centre , Aarhus University and the Greenland Institute of Natural Resources measured temperatures and salinity levels in the fjord . Their survey showed deep-lying water in the fjord , between 650 and 1,100 feet deep , has gradually warmed over the last decade .
Further analysis showed a significant amount of heat is emanating from Earth 's interior , slowly warming the fjord 's water . Scientists estimated 100 megawatts per square meter of energy was transferred from the Earth 's interior to the fjord .
The findings suggest similar amounts of heat were transferred to the bottoms of surrounding glaciers . This newly detailed warming mechanism creates lubrication , accelerating glacial descent .
`` It is a combination of higher temperatures in the air and the sea , precipitation from above , local dynamics of the ice sheet and heat loss from the Earth 's interior that determines the mass loss from the Greenland ice sheet , '' researcher Soren Rysgaard said in a news release . `` There is no doubt that the heat from the Earth 's interior affects the movement of the ice , and we expect that a similar heat seepage takes place below a major part of the ice cap in the north-eastern corner of Greenland . ''
Measuring heat flux beneath glaciers is difficult , but scientists hope their latest findings will lead to more accurate modeling of the warming mechanism . With more accurate measurements of heat flux , scientists can more accurately predict the fate of Greenland 's ice sheets .
© 2018 UPI Science News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
GREAT NECK , N.Y. ( CBSNewYork ) — A Long Island man has uncovered historic family photos showing Jewish-American soldiers observing Passover on the front lines of combat during World War II .
The pictures show thousands of soldiers forced to quickly celebrate a Passover meal even as deadly fighting continued all around them .
Great Neck attorney Michael Weinstock recently discovered the negatives for dozens of wartime photos , tucked away inside his father 's Albany home for decades , and quickly had them developed .
Most of the photos were taken by the Nassau County lawyer 's grandfather , a combat photographer for the US Army .
His grandfather also posed for photos himself , sometimes standing with natives of the Pacific Islands the United States was liberating from Japanese control amidst fierce hand-to-hand fighting . But Weinstock says it was one photo that particularly caught his attention .
In it , his grandfather wears a haunted look as he stares right into the camera while observing a hurried Passover Seder with thousands of other Jewish soldiers .
“ I 'm just looking at his face , looking at his eyes as to whether he was traumatized , ” Weinstock tells TV 10/55 's Richard Rose . “ When I look at that , I know he had a rough time over there . He told the story to my dad of the time he was riding in a jeep and the driver was killed by a sniper . ”
Weinstock says the Passover celebration itself was remarkable in that since it was wartime , even the rabbi leading the Seder was in uniform .
“ It 's a wonderful reminder that while Hitler was rounding up Jews and killing them , the US was embracing Jews and encouraging them to celebrate their holidays together , ” he said .
Weinstock says he is busy making copies of the photos to distribute to his grandfather 's large extended family . He 's already shared the historic photos with members of his synagogue , and says he 's already been contacted by a Holocaust museum in St. Louis that wants to feature his photographs — even though he 'd rather they be shown locally .
A tradesman working through the night on the refit of a Sunderland department store 's cosmetics department became the victim of an opportunist thief .
James Roney , 33 , seized the chance to enter a lorry at the rear of Debenhams at The Bridges in the early hours of March 28 , Sunderland magistrates heard .
The complainant is a shop fitter by trade and had recently been working with his colleagues on a refit in the cosmetics department in Debenhams in The Bridges Lesley Burgess , prosecuting
The vehicle had been left with its doors open so that shopfitters had easy access to items inside as they worked to get the store finished in time for customers arriving in the morning .
Prosecutor Lesley Burgess said : “ The complainant is a shop fitter by trade and had recently been working with his colleagues on a refit in the cosmetics department in Debenhams in The Bridges .
“ They had been working throughout the night to finish the work ahead of the store opening for customers that morning .
“ As part of the work , a number of lorries were parked behind the shop .
“ One vehicle was in a loading bay at the back of Debenhams .
“ Inside was a large Bosch sander .
“ The rear doors of the vehicle and the store had been left open to allow easy access for workers who were going back and forth .
“ At 3.45am security staff monitoring the CCTV system saw Mr Roney in the loading area .
“ He was observed looking through skips , before he was seen carrying a large box from the vehicle .
“ Suspecting it had been stolen , security contacted police . ”
The court heard officers with a police dog were nearby , saw Roney trying to hide the box around the corner and detained him .
He told them : “ I 'm caught bang to rights . I 've been a stupid * * * * * * * .
“ There is no way I 'm going to run away from that dog . ”
Mr Allen identified the box , and Roney told him , “ it 's all in there ”
Roney , of Sea Road , Sunderland , pleaded guilty to theft of the sander – worth £300 – from a motor vehicle .
He has 30 previous convictions on his record ,
Jason Smith , defending , said it was an opportunist offence .
“ James was walking past and has seen the items within the open vehicle .
“ It was an incredibly stupid act . ”
Roney was sentenced to a conditional discharge for 12 months , and was told to pay £85 costs and a £20 surcharge .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Wednesday , January 31 , 2018
_____
City/Town , Country ; Wednesday 's Weather Condition ; Wednesday 's High Temp ( C ) ; Wednesday 's Low Temp ( C ) ; Thursday 's Weather Condition ; Thursday 's High Temp ( C ) ; Thursday 's Low Temp ( C ) ; Thursday 's Wind Direction ; Thursday 's Wind Speed ( KPH ) ; Thursday 's Humidity ( % ) ; Thursday 's Chance of Precip . ( % ) ; Thursday 's UV Index
Abidjan , Ivory Coast ; Partly sunny ; 31 ; 25 ; A shower ; 31 ; 25 ; WSW ; 15 ; 81 % ; 66 % ; 6
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates ; Partly sunny , breezy ; 21 ; 16 ; Partly sunny ; 22 ; 16 ; NW ; 22 ; 56 % ; 2 % ; 5
Aleppo , Syria ; Mostly sunny ; 14 ; 3 ; Mostly sunny ; 14 ; 4 ; E ; 8 ; 70 % ; 5 % ; 3
Algiers , Algeria ; Turning out cloudy ; 17 ; 11 ; Partly sunny , nice ; 18 ; 9 ; NW ; 11 ; 61 % ; 55 % ; 3
Amsterdam , Netherlands ; Rain , mainly early ; 10 ; 3 ; Cloudy with a shower ; 6 ; 3 ; W ; 25 ; 80 % ; 81 % ; 1
Anchorage , United States ; Cold with sunshine ; -8 ; -15 ; Mostly sunny , cold ; -10 ; -16 ; NNE ; 11 ; 64 % ; 6 % ; 1
Ashgabat , Turkmenistan ; Mostly sunny , chilly ; 6 ; -3 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 14 ; 2 ; NW ; 8 ; 33 % ; 25 % ; 3
Astana , Kazakhstan ; Turning cloudy ; -9 ; -24 ; Partly sunny , colder ; -14 ; -24 ; S ; 11 ; 93 % ; 10 % ; 1
Asuncion , Paraguay ; A stray thunderstorm ; 32 ; 25 ; Mostly cloudy , humid ; 34 ; 25 ; SE ; 10 ; 65 % ; 44 % ; 5
Athens , Greece ; Partly sunny , nice ; 17 ; 8 ; Clouds and sun ; 16 ; 8 ; SSW ; 9 ; 66 % ; 6 % ; 3
Auckland , New Zealand ; Windy this afternoon ; 26 ; 21 ; Heavy rain , windy ; 23 ; 19 ; W ; 38 ; 85 % ; 94 % ; 2
Baghdad , Iraq ; Plenty of sun ; 18 ; 3 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 19 ; 5 ; N ; 8 ; 37 % ; 0 % ; 4
Banda Aceh , Indonesia ; A heavy p.m. shower ; 34 ; 23 ; A p.m. shower or two ; 31 ; 22 ; ESE ; 8 ; 72 % ; 74 % ; 9
Bangalore , India ; Sunny and nice ; 29 ; 13 ; Sunny and pleasant ; 30 ; 13 ; E ; 11 ; 31 % ; 0 % ; 8
Bangkok , Thailand ; A few showers ; 33 ; 23 ; Not as warm ; 28 ; 20 ; ESE ; 11 ; 58 % ; 14 % ; 3
Barcelona , Spain ; Partly sunny ; 15 ; 6 ; Rain tapering off ; 11 ; 4 ; NW ; 16 ; 74 % ; 86 % ; 2
Beijing , China ; Plenty of sunshine ; 4 ; -8 ; Partly sunny ; 4 ; -7 ; NNW ; 14 ; 18 % ; 3 % ; 3
Belgrade , Serbia ; Partly sunny , mild ; 13 ; 1 ; Partly sunny , mild ; 14 ; 7 ; SSE ; 12 ; 63 % ; 27 % ; 2
Berlin , Germany ; A little rain ; 9 ; 3 ; Periods of sun ; 6 ; 1 ; SW ; 17 ; 65 % ; 56 % ; 2
Bogota , Colombia ; Mostly cloudy ; 21 ; 7 ; Mostly cloudy ; 21 ; 7 ; ESE ; 9 ; 66 % ; 44 % ; 9
Brasilia , Brazil ; Overcast , a t-storm ; 27 ; 20 ; Showers and t-storms ; 26 ; 19 ; NNW ; 16 ; 77 % ; 81 % ; 4
Bratislava , Slovakia ; Becoming cloudy ; 7 ; 2 ; A little rain ; 7 ; 2 ; NW ; 9 ; 86 % ; 88 % ; 1
Brussels , Belgium ; Rain tapering off ; 9 ; 1 ; A passing shower ; 6 ; 1 ; W ; 15 ; 75 % ; 81 % ; 1
Bucharest , Romania ; Sunshine ; 10 ; -3 ; Mostly sunny , mild ; 10 ; -1 ; W ; 8 ; 72 % ; 1 % ; 2
Budapest , Hungary ; Clearing ; 8 ; 4 ; A touch of rain ; 11 ; 4 ; WNW ; 16 ; 66 % ; 85 % ; 1
Buenos Aires , Argentina ; Partly sunny ; 30 ; 22 ; Sunny ; 31 ; 23 ; NNE ; 10 ; 58 % ; 1 % ; 11
Bujumbura , Burundi ; Variable cloudiness ; 31 ; 18 ; Mostly cloudy ; 31 ; 20 ; WNW ; 5 ; 38 % ; 44 % ; 7
Busan , South Korea ; Increasing clouds ; 6 ; -2 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 7 ; -3 ; NNW ; 11 ; 33 % ; 0 % ; 3
Cairo , Egypt ; Sun and some clouds ; 20 ; 10 ; Mostly sunny ; 20 ; 9 ; NNE ; 12 ; 46 % ; 0 % ; 4
Cape Town , South Africa ; Sunshine and nice ; 24 ; 15 ; Sunny and pleasant ; 27 ; 17 ; SSW ; 15 ; 53 % ; 2 % ; 11
Caracas , Venezuela ; Partly sunny ; 26 ; 19 ; Sun and some clouds ; 25 ; 19 ; ENE ; 6 ; 65 % ; 44 % ; 8
Chennai , India ; Sunny and nice ; 31 ; 18 ; Sunny and pleasant ; 32 ; 18 ; NE ; 9 ; 55 % ; 0 % ; 7
Chicago , United States ; Milder ; 7 ; -4 ; Periods of sun ; -2 ; -14 ; NW ; 26 ; 46 % ; 14 % ; 3
Colombo , Sri Lanka ; A p.m. t-storm ; 31 ; 23 ; A t-storm in spots ; 32 ; 23 ; NE ; 14 ; 65 % ; 76 % ; 8
Copenhagen , Denmark ; A little rain ; 5 ; 2 ; Spotty showers ; 4 ; 1 ; SSW ; 24 ; 73 % ; 83 % ; 0
Dakar , Senegal ; Partly sunny , breezy ; 22 ; 16 ; Breezy with some sun ; 21 ; 16 ; N ; 26 ; 78 % ; 0 % ; 7
Dallas , United States ; Partly sunny , breezy ; 22 ; 11 ; Partly sunny ; 18 ; 4 ; NE ; 16 ; 55 % ; 2 % ; 4
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania ; Clouds and sun ; 32 ; 24 ; A t-storm in spots ; 32 ; 24 ; NE ; 18 ; 72 % ; 45 % ; 10
Delhi , India ; Partly sunny ; 24 ; 11 ; Hazy sun ; 26 ; 11 ; NW ; 8 ; 58 % ; 0 % ; 4
Denver , United States ; Partly sunny ; 12 ; -4 ; Morning flurries ; 4 ; -3 ; ENE ; 12 ; 66 % ; 58 % ; 2
Dhaka , Bangladesh ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 24 ; 14 ; Hazy sunshine ; 27 ; 16 ; N ; 7 ; 52 % ; 2 % ; 5
Dili , East Timor ; Cloudy with showers ; 32 ; 25 ; Spotty showers ; 31 ; 24 ; WSW ; 12 ; 73 % ; 80 % ; 5
Dublin , Ireland ; A shower or two ; 6 ; 2 ; A brief shower ; 6 ; 0 ; NW ; 33 ; 75 % ; 40 % ; 2
Dushanbe , Tajikistan ; Increasing clouds ; 9 ; -3 ; Mostly sunny ; 9 ; -4 ; N ; 7 ; 28 % ; 1 % ; 3
Gibraltar , Gibraltar ; Breezy with rain ; 16 ; 13 ; Some sun , a shower ; 16 ; 9 ; W ; 20 ; 81 % ; 66 % ; 3
Hanoi , Vietnam ; Cloudy ; 14 ; 8 ; Mostly sunny ; 17 ; 9 ; SE ; 8 ; 46 % ; 7 % ; 5
Harare , Zimbabwe ; Variable cloudiness ; 26 ; 17 ; A shower or t-storm ; 25 ; 18 ; ENE ; 11 ; 72 % ; 66 % ; 9
Havana , Cuba ; Partly sunny ; 24 ; 17 ; Nice with some sun ; 26 ; 20 ; E ; 15 ; 55 % ; 42 % ; 5
Helsinki , Finland ; Clouds and sun ; -2 ; -3 ; Breezy with snow ; -1 ; -4 ; SW ; 30 ; 96 % ; 91 % ; 0
Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam ; Turning cloudy ; 32 ; 24 ; Partly sunny ; 32 ; 23 ; SSW ; 7 ; 70 % ; 12 % ; 6
Hong Kong , China ; Colder this morning ; 14 ; 7 ; Mostly sunny ; 15 ; 10 ; NE ; 14 ; 51 % ; 8 % ; 5
Honolulu , United States ; A touch of rain ; 27 ; 23 ; Showers ; 28 ; 23 ; S ; 24 ; 73 % ; 94 % ; 2
Hyderabad , India ; Sunny and nice ; 32 ; 14 ; Sunny and nice ; 32 ; 15 ; E ; 9 ; 26 % ; 0 % ; 6
Islamabad , Pakistan ; Mostly cloudy ; 21 ; 9 ; Hazy sun ; 23 ; 8 ; NNW ; 10 ; 63 % ; 0 % ; 4
Istanbul , Turkey ; Mostly sunny ; 11 ; 5 ; Sunny and mild ; 15 ; 10 ; SSW ; 13 ; 68 % ; 19 % ; 3
Jakarta , Indonesia ; A shower in the a.m. ; 31 ; 24 ; Cloudy , a t-storm ; 31 ; 25 ; W ; 14 ; 75 % ; 68 % ; 7
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia ; Mostly sunny ; 29 ; 20 ; Sunshine , pleasant ; 29 ; 20 ; N ; 10 ; 55 % ; 3 % ; 5
Johannesburg , South Africa ; A t-storm in spots ; 25 ; 16 ; A shower or t-storm ; 28 ; 17 ; NW ; 12 ; 54 % ; 66 % ; 12
Kabul , Afghanistan ; Mostly cloudy ; 5 ; -7 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 7 ; -8 ; WNW ; 8 ; 28 % ; 0 % ; 4
Karachi , Pakistan ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 28 ; 15 ; Hazy sunshine ; 30 ; 13 ; N ; 8 ; 44 % ; 0 % ; 5
Kathmandu , Nepal ; Sun and some clouds ; 16 ; 6 ; Partly sunny ; 19 ; 6 ; SSE ; 7 ; 67 % ; 16 % ; 5
Khartoum , Sudan ; Sunny and beautiful ; 29 ; 14 ; Sunny and nice ; 31 ; 17 ; N ; 19 ; 21 % ; 0 % ; 7
Kiev , Ukraine ; Mostly cloudy ; 4 ; -2 ; Partly sunny ; 5 ; 1 ; S ; 15 ; 67 % ; 33 % ; 1
Kingston , Jamaica ; A shower ; 30 ; 23 ; A shower or two ; 30 ; 23 ; NE ; 13 ; 63 % ; 69 % ; 5
Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo ; Variable cloudiness ; 32 ; 24 ; More clouds than sun ; 32 ; 24 ; SW ; 8 ; 67 % ; 85 % ; 8
Kolkata , India ; Sunshine and nice ; 29 ; 13 ; Hazy sun ; 27 ; 14 ; NNE ; 10 ; 53 % ; 0 % ; 5
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ; A t-storm in spots ; 33 ; 23 ; A heavy thunderstorm ; 33 ; 23 ; ENE ; 4 ; 78 % ; 86 % ; 7
La Paz , Bolivia ; A t-storm in spots ; 14 ; 6 ; Showers and t-storms ; 13 ; 6 ; SE ; 10 ; 77 % ; 86 % ; 9
Lagos , Nigeria ; Mostly sunny ; 34 ; 24 ; Mostly sunny ; 32 ; 25 ; SSW ; 9 ; 76 % ; 1 % ; 9
Lima , Peru ; Clouds and sun ; 25 ; 20 ; Sun and clouds ; 24 ; 20 ; S ; 13 ; 75 % ; 44 % ; 12
Lisbon , Portugal ; Periods of sun ; 17 ; 9 ; Sunny and breezy ; 14 ; 8 ; N ; 26 ; 66 % ; 3 % ; 3
London , United Kingdom ; Clouds , then sun ; 9 ; 3 ; A shower in spots ; 6 ; 2 ; NW ; 23 ; 68 % ; 52 % ; 2
Los Angeles , United States ; Mostly sunny , warm ; 27 ; 13 ; Partly sunny , warm ; 26 ; 13 ; ENE ; 7 ; 37 % ; 1 % ; 4
Luanda , Angola ; Partly sunny ; 31 ; 25 ; Partly sunny ; 31 ; 25 ; SSW ; 9 ; 70 % ; 38 % ; 12
Madrid , Spain ; Mostly sunny ; 14 ; 1 ; Showers around ; 11 ; 0 ; NNE ; 8 ; 57 % ; 70 % ; 3
Male , Maldives ; A thick cloud cover ; 30 ; 27 ; A Couple of t-storms ; 30 ; 27 ; NNE ; 19 ; 76 % ; 77 % ; 3
Manaus , Brazil ; Cloudy , a t-storm ; 30 ; 25 ; A t-storm or two ; 30 ; 25 ; N ; 11 ; 80 % ; 91 % ; 5
Manila , Philippines ; Partly sunny ; 30 ; 23 ; An afternoon shower ; 32 ; 23 ; E ; 6 ; 68 % ; 50 % ; 7
Melbourne , Australia ; Partly sunny , breezy ; 19 ; 11 ; Partly sunny , nice ; 22 ; 13 ; SSE ; 17 ; 51 % ; 15 % ; 10
Mexico City , Mexico ; Clouds and sun ; 21 ; 7 ; Partly sunny ; 22 ; 8 ; NE ; 6 ; 35 % ; 27 % ; 7
Miami , United States ; Partly sunny ; 23 ; 19 ; Some sun , pleasant ; 25 ; 18 ; E ; 16 ; 61 % ; 16 % ; 3
Minsk , Belarus ; Inc. clouds ; 0 ; -2 ; A little snow ; 3 ; 0 ; SSW ; 17 ; 81 % ; 90 % ; 0
Mogadishu , Somalia ; Sunshine and breezy ; 30 ; 23 ; Clouds and sunshine ; 30 ; 24 ; ENE ; 22 ; 64 % ; 1 % ; 7
Montevideo , Uruguay ; Clouding up ; 29 ; 19 ; Sunny and nice ; 30 ; 21 ; NNE ; 9 ; 63 % ; 1 % ; 11
Montreal , Canada ; Snow this afternoon ; -6 ; -7 ; A little snow ; 2 ; -11 ; WSW ; 7 ; 76 % ; 84 % ; 1
Moscow , Russia ; A thick cloud cover ; -2 ; -13 ; Mostly cloudy ; -8 ; -11 ; SSE ; 8 ; 70 % ; 71 % ; 1
Mumbai , India ; Partly sunny ; 36 ; 17 ; Hazy sunshine ; 35 ; 17 ; N ; 10 ; 42 % ; 0 % ; 6
Nairobi , Kenya ; A t-storm in spots ; 28 ; 14 ; Sunshine ; 29 ; 13 ; NE ; 21 ; 43 % ; 1 % ; 12
New York , United States ; Breezy and cold ; 1 ; -1 ; A touch of p.m. rain ; 8 ; -2 ; SW ; 12 ; 54 % ; 81 % ; 1
Nicosia , Cyprus ; Partly sunny ; 18 ; 5 ; Partly sunny ; 18 ; 6 ; SSE ; 8 ; 70 % ; 3 % ; 3
Novosibirsk , Russia ; Turning sunny ; -14 ; -23 ; High clouds ; -12 ; -21 ; ESE ; 7 ; 83 % ; 0 % ; 1
Osaka-shi , Japan ; Clouds and sun ; 6 ; 0 ; Rain and drizzle ; 6 ; 1 ; NNE ; 6 ; 73 % ; 80 % ; 1
Oslo , Norway ; Snow , some ice early ; 3 ; -2 ; A little snow ; 1 ; -6 ; NNE ; 7 ; 80 % ; 83 % ; 0
Ottawa , Canada ; Heavy snow ; -7 ; -8 ; Showers of rain/snow ; 2 ; -14 ; W ; 17 ; 81 % ; 78 % ; 1
Pago Pago , American Samoa ; Inc. clouds ; 30 ; 25 ; Cloudy with showers ; 29 ; 25 ; NNW ; 12 ; 82 % ; 99 % ; 4
Panama City , Panama ; Spotty showers ; 32 ; 25 ; An afternoon shower ; 33 ; 25 ; NNW ; 18 ; 66 % ; 70 % ; 8
Paramaribo , Suriname ; Partly sunny ; 30 ; 23 ; Brief a.m. showers ; 29 ; 24 ; NE ; 13 ; 81 % ; 85 % ; 7
Paris , France ; Rain ; 10 ; 2 ; A passing shower ; 7 ; 1 ; WNW ; 17 ; 59 % ; 80 % ; 1
Perth , Australia ; Plenty of sunshine ; 31 ; 20 ; Some sun ; 29 ; 21 ; ENE ; 16 ; 41 % ; 1 % ; 11
Phnom Penh , Cambodia ; Sun and some clouds ; 34 ; 23 ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 31 ; 22 ; W ; 9 ; 59 % ; 10 % ; 8
Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea ; Cloudy with a shower ; 30 ; 23 ; Downpours ; 26 ; 21 ; N ; 26 ; 87 % ; 100 % ; 3
Port-au-prince , Haiti ; Partly sunny ; 32 ; 21 ; Periods of sun ; 31 ; 20 ; SE ; 10 ; 47 % ; 7 % ; 6
Prague , Czech Republic ; A little rain ; 9 ; 4 ; Cloudy ; 6 ; 1 ; SW ; 15 ; 71 % ; 38 % ; 1
Pyongyang , North Korea ; Clouds and sunshine ; 1 ; -17 ; Plenty of sun ; -1 ; -14 ; N ; 5 ; 38 % ; 0 % ; 3
Quito , Ecuador ; A t-storm in spots ; 22 ; 11 ; An afternoon shower ; 22 ; 12 ; NNE ; 13 ; 54 % ; 83 % ; 11
Rabat , Morocco ; Variable cloudiness ; 16 ; 6 ; Mostly sunny ; 16 ; 9 ; WSW ; 7 ; 73 % ; 57 % ; 4
Recife , Brazil ; Showers around ; 31 ; 26 ; A shower or two ; 31 ; 26 ; ESE ; 14 ; 68 % ; 82 % ; 7
Reykjavik , Iceland ; Partly sunny , chilly ; -1 ; -5 ; A bit of p.m. snow ; 1 ; 0 ; SE ; 14 ; 59 % ; 85 % ; 0
Riga , Latvia ; Mostly cloudy ; 1 ; -1 ; Rain and snow ; 3 ; -1 ; SSW ; 13 ; 93 % ; 76 % ; 0
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; A little a.m. rain ; 28 ; 22 ; Spotty showers ; 28 ; 23 ; NW ; 15 ; 70 % ; 82 % ; 12
Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ; Mostly sunny ; 17 ; 6 ; Sunny ; 20 ; 6 ; ENE ; 8 ; 23 % ; 0 % ; 5
Rome , Italy ; A passing shower ; 13 ; 8 ; Cloudy with a shower ; 15 ; 11 ; S ; 16 ; 72 % ; 86 % ; 1
Saint Petersburg , Russia ; Some sun ; -6 ; -14 ; A bit of p.m. snow ; -5 ; -6 ; ESE ; 17 ; 76 % ; 88 % ; 0
San Francisco , United States ; Partly sunny ; 16 ; 9 ; Periods of sunshine ; 18 ; 10 ; WNW ; 9 ; 69 % ; 1 % ; 3
San Jose , Costa Rica ; Clouds and sun , nice ; 26 ; 19 ; An afternoon shower ; 27 ; 17 ; ENE ; 19 ; 62 % ; 41 % ; 9
San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Turning sunny ; 28 ; 23 ; Mostly sunny ; 27 ; 23 ; ENE ; 20 ; 63 % ; 42 % ; 6
San Salvador , El Salvador ; Sunshine , pleasant ; 25 ; 17 ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 26 ; 18 ; N ; 11 ; 66 % ; 6 % ; 8
Sana ' a , Yemen ; Nice with sunshine ; 24 ; 6 ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 23 ; 7 ; E ; 8 ; 43 % ; 28 % ; 8
Santiago , Chile ; Plenty of sunshine ; 33 ; 16 ; Plenty of sun ; 33 ; 16 ; SW ; 9 ; 35 % ; 1 % ; 11
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ; Mostly sunny ; 27 ; 21 ; Sun and some clouds ; 26 ; 20 ; NNE ; 12 ; 67 % ; 9 % ; 6
São Paulo , Brazil ; Mostly sunny ; 18 ; 5 ; Sunny and cooler ; 13 ; 3 ; NNW ; 16 ; 71 % ; 0 % ; 3
Seattle , United States ; A touch of rain ; 8 ; 6 ; Occasional rain ; 9 ; 7 ; SSE ; 11 ; 84 % ; 95 % ; 0
Seoul , South Korea ; Mostly cloudy ; 1 ; -9 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 1 ; -8 ; N ; 7 ; 37 % ; 0 % ; 3
Shanghai , China ; Cloudy and chilly ; 3 ; -1 ; Partly sunny , chilly ; 6 ; 0 ; NW ; 13 ; 62 % ; 0 % ; 4
Singapore , Singapore ; Heavy p.m. showers ; 35 ; 25 ; A t-storm in spots ; 32 ; 26 ; N ; 20 ; 75 % ; 60 % ; 8
Sofia , Bulgaria ; Partly sunny , mild ; 10 ; -4 ; Clouds and sun , mild ; 10 ; -2 ; S ; 8 ; 78 % ; 2 % ; 3
St. John 's , Antigua and Barbuda ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 26 ; 23 ; A shower in spots ; 27 ; 21 ; ENE ; 15 ; 65 % ; 66 % ; 6
Stockholm , Sweden ; a bit of rain , snow ; 2 ; 0 ; Cloudy ; 2 ; -2 ; SSW ; 9 ; 91 % ; 59 % ; 0
Sydney , Australia ; Cooler ; 22 ; 18 ; A morning shower ; 21 ; 18 ; SSE ; 20 ; 54 % ; 75 % ; 4
Taipei City , Taiwan ; Rain and drizzle ; 16 ; 11 ; A little a.m. rain ; 13 ; 12 ; NE ; 17 ; 74 % ; 72 % ; 1
Tallinn , Estonia ; A snow shower ; -1 ; -3 ; Periods of snow ; 2 ; -2 ; SW ; 20 ; 83 % ; 85 % ; 0
Tashkent , Uzbekistan ; Partly sunny ; 5 ; -4 ; Mostly sunny ; 9 ; -3 ; NNE ; 6 ; 53 % ; 1 % ; 3
Tbilisi , Georgia ; Partial sunshine ; 8 ; -1 ; Mostly sunny ; 5 ; -4 ; NNW ; 25 ; 57 % ; 0 % ; 3
Tehran , Iran ; Sunny and chilly ; 6 ; -3 ; Plenty of sunshine ; 8 ; -2 ; NNE ; 10 ; 31 % ; 0 % ; 4
Tel Aviv , Israel ; Mostly sunny ; 19 ; 9 ; Plenty of sun ; 20 ; 10 ; NE ; 9 ; 62 % ; 0 % ; 4
Tirana , Albania ; Partly sunny ; 16 ; 4 ; Spotty showers ; 15 ; 7 ; ESE ; 7 ; 63 % ; 84 % ; 1
Tokyo , Japan ; Partly sunny ; 9 ; 1 ; Rain and drizzle ; 6 ; 2 ; NNE ; 15 ; 68 % ; 88 % ; 1
Toronto , Canada ; Cloudy , not as cold ; 2 ; 0 ; Partly sunny ; 3 ; -11 ; WNW ; 28 ; 76 % ; 31 % ; 2
Tripoli , Libya ; Sunshine ; 19 ; 9 ; Mostly cloudy ; 21 ; 14 ; SSE ; 5 ; 52 % ; 0 % ; 3
Tunis , Tunisia ; Mostly sunny , nice ; 19 ; 8 ; A passing shower ; 19 ; 11 ; S ; 11 ; 55 % ; 56 % ; 1
Ulan Bator , Mongolia ; Clouds and sun , cold ; -17 ; -32 ; Mostly cloudy ; -20 ; -33 ; NNW ; 10 ; 68 % ; 59 % ; 2
Vancouver , Canada ; A p.m. shower or two ; 6 ; 3 ; Cloudy , rain ; 6 ; 5 ; ENE ; 9 ; 78 % ; 94 % ; 0
Vienna , Austria ; Turning cloudy , mild ; 10 ; 1 ; Periods of rain ; 8 ; 2 ; W ; 9 ; 74 % ; 87 % ; 1
Vientiane , Laos ; Cloudy , not as warm ; 22 ; 13 ; Cloudy ; 23 ; 14 ; NE ; 7 ; 44 % ; 10 % ; 2
Vilnius , Lithuania ; Mostly cloudy ; 3 ; -1 ; A bit of rain ; 3 ; -1 ; W ; 21 ; 87 % ; 71 % ; 0
Warsaw , Poland ; Turning cloudy ; 6 ; 2 ; Morning rain , cloudy ; 6 ; 0 ; SSW ; 13 ; 90 % ; 75 % ; 0
Wellington , New Zealand ; Increasing clouds ; 24 ; 21 ; Very windy , a shower ; 26 ; 16 ; NNW ; 49 ; 72 % ; 69 % ; 9
Yangon , Myanmar ; Abundant sunshine ; 32 ; 14 ; Sunny and pleasant ; 32 ; 15 ; WSW ; 6 ; 49 % ; 0 % ; 6
Yerevan , Armenia ; Turning sunny ; 4 ; -3 ; Mostly sunny ; 4 ; -9 ; ESE ; 5 ; 46 % ; 10 % ; 3
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords : Forecast , Global , Celsius
Richard Weber is a 53-year-old adventure guide who has completed seven expeditions to the North Pole , spending 600 days on the Arctic ice .
“ It was the middle of April 2007 , and we were guiding two clients from Britain to the North Pole on skis and snowshoes . We were about 200 km from the pole—pretty close—when we had what to us felt like one storm , but I know now was a series of lows , one after another . There 'd be maybe a half-hour break when you 'd see the sky brighten and then , whoompf , another would come in . It went on for about three days .
In all the time I 've spent out there , this was absolutely the worst piece of weather I 've seen . The temperature went as low as -30 but with an extremely strong wind . At Borneo , a Russian ice station up there , they had record speeds , upwards of 70 or 80 km/h . So we 're talking full white-out conditions . You ca n't see where you 're going . You 've got your hood up , the fur ruff around it drawn in tight . Everything 's covered with frost . You 've got a neck tube you can pull up so you do n't freeze your nose when you 're facing the wind . When it came time to camp , we 'd try to find a pressure ridge in the ice to cut the wind . One day , we had to build a snow wall around the tent .
If we 're near the beginning of an expedition , we 'd just hunker down and wait it out . But when it starts to blow way out on the Arctic Ocean at that time of year , you 're going to drift . In this case , the ice under our feet was drifting due south at about one km/h , only a little bit more slowly than we were moving north . We 'd walk 12 hours and gain a bit , then go to sleep and wake up in the morning south of where we started . You could see on the GPS that we crossed the same geographic location four times . I was n't scared , but we had to be careful . When it blows that much , the snow can cover open water and you do n't know what 's under your feet . It was disheartening . I 'd go into the tent and say , ‘ Okay guys , this was a s–tty day and tomorrow 's probably going to be worse . Do n't even think about it . Just get up and go . Tomorrow or the next day , the sun will shine again . '
We made it in the end—49 days , but we could have been a lot quicker . By then , I knew I was close to having enough of going to the North Pole . ”
—as told to Charlie Gillis
This article originally appeared in the Maclean 's Extreme Weather issue in 2012 .
( U.S. Marine Corps via AP ) . This image from a video released by the U.S. Marine Corps , that will be shown online only Sunday during the Super Bowl and targeting a young , tough , tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge ....
By LOLITA C. BALDOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - For the first time in 30 years , the U.S. Marine Corps will air an ad during the Super Bowl , using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young , tough , tech-savvy audience for potential recruits looking for a challenge .
The high-powered , battle-heavy , 30-second ad shows Marines deploying from ships in amphibious vehicles , dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air .
`` It 's not just the ships , the armor or the aircraft . It 's something more . It 's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation 's call , '' the announcer says , as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them .
The goal , said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy , head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command , is to reach young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life , probably played physical sports such as wrestling or rugby , and have a bit of that fighting spirit .
Network television viewers of the game wo n't see the Marine spot . But those watching through online streaming services - which charge a fraction of the advertising price - will see it twice .
`` I 'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers , I 'm trying to enlist 18- to 24-year-olds , '' said Kennedy . `` And they tend to be cord cutters . They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television . ''
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary . But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price . Thirty-second slots are going for more than $ 5 million for broadcast airtime alone . And the online ad - which can be viewed on www.marines.com - is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers .
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment , they are competing for many of the same young people - physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military 's aptitude test .
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the budget year ending Sept. 30 . But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments . By this time , many high school seniors have decided what they will do or what college they will attend .
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps . Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows , he said , and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money .
`` I do n't have unlimited funds , '' he said . `` And this is probably the most-watched event , as we move into the toughest months of recruiting . ''
The visuals in the ad , he said , go to the heart of what Marines do , deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition , bonuses or other incentives . The images are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient - key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force .
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios . The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex , an amphibious assault ship , which was off the California coast for training , to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary .
`` This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school , '' Kennedy said . `` We want young , tough , smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges , and we 're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life . ''
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely spoke at theInternational annual Conference for Rabbis and community leaders in the Diaspora organised by the WZO 's Department for Religious Affairs Monday , where she told the rabbis in attendance that the recent anti-Israel resolution passed by the UN Security Council would only cause more Jews to make their homes in Judea and Samaria .
According to Hotovely , the Security Council is a catalyst for the increased Jewish population in Judea and Samaria . `` A resolution similar to the one from last week was made in 1980 , and from then about half a million settlers have since been added to Judea and Samaria . ''
Hotovely added that she believes that the US embassy will be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem this year . `` I hope this historic process will lead to the transfer of additional missions to the capital of the Jewish people and change the absurd situation in which all foreign missions are located in Tel Aviv . ''
Addressing the BDS movement against Israel , she said that while there have been `` many conferences dealing in anti-Semitism and boycotts , the boycott movement is now on the defensive and it has failed miserably . Foreign investment in Israel has doubled since it began operations . ''
She also addressed the issues of assimilation and Jewish identity . `` At a time when there is a lot of assimilation , it is important to emphasize Jewish identity . In the words of Rabbi Steinsaltz , 'we have fought over who is a Jew . We need to ask , what is a Jew ? ' '' she said .
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT & T Goal of the Week nomination process . You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using # ATTGOTW and the player 's name . View all goal clips
Head coach Jason Kreis will be back with Orlando City SC in 2018 .
Club CEO Alex Leitao told the Orlando Sentinel 's Alicia Rose DelGallo that Kreis will “ 100 percent ” return to the Lions next year , even if they fall short of the playoffs .
Orlando , who started the season 6-1-0 , won just two of 21 matches between May and September and are currently in 10th in the East , four points back of the New York Red Bulls for the conference 's sixth and final playoff spot .
Kreis was hired by Orlando midway through the 2016 season after the club fired ex-head coach Adrian Heath last summer .
Orlando is off this weekend . They 'll return to action on Sunday , Oct. 15 against Columbus Crew SC .
WWE Network
Previously on the Best and Worst of WCW Monday Nitro : Glacier fought La Parka in an extremely Brandon Stroud match , the main-event scene got weirdly sexual , and Hulk Hogan declared himself God . Also , Hogan and Sting signed a contract at a Las Vegas hotel in the middle of a TV movie .
Click here to watch this week 's episode on WWE Network . You can catch up with all the previous episodes of WCW Monday Nitro on the Best and Worst of Nitro tag page . Follow along with the competition here .
Remember , if you want us to keep writing 20-year-old WCW jokes , click the share buttons and spread the column around . If you do n't tell them how much you like these , nobody 's going to read them . If you 're a fan of the vintage reports , make sure you check out the ill-advised and somehow-still-going NWA TNA weekly pay-per-view recap series .
And now , the best and worst of WCW Monday Nitro , originally aired on November 3 , 1997 .
Claims by an Ozaukee County judge that his colleagues are guilty of criminal misconduct are baseless , an investigator said Tuesday .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Sam Smith wants to become a florist in the future .
The 'Too Good At Goodbyes ' hitmaker - who is dating '13 Reasons Why ' hunk Brandon Flynn - has revealed his aspiration to open his own coffee shop in London , which has a flower shop in the back room , where he 'd be able to work when he is on a break from touring and making music , because flowers make him `` happy '' .
Appearing as a special guest on pal George Ezra 's 'George Ezra & Friends ' podcast , he admitted : `` I think I want to open a flower shop , I really do . Flowers make me happy . A coffee shop that has a flower shop at the back . And when have downtime I 'll just go and work in the florist . I think I 'm going to do a florist class first . I have an idea for a logo and everything . ''
The 'Stay With Me ' singer - who previously worked as a bartender in London 's Soho before rising to fame in 2012 with the Disclosure song 'Latch ' - also wants to do more with charities after working with War Child , who provide assistance to children in areas experiencing conflict .
The 25-year-old British pop star also joked that he would eventually like to become a `` gay folk singer '' with quirky fashion sense , who smokes marijuana .
He laughed : `` My aim in life is to just slowly , slowly become this old gay folk singer that wears kaftans and smokes weed and has a beard , singing lonely love songs . That 's my aim . ''
Sam also promised fans that he wo n't be going on a long hiatus once he 's finished his touring cycle for his second record 'The Thrill Of It All ' .
He said : `` I do n't want to take a big break after this record I just want to keep going and write on the road . ''
Warner Bros .
Aquaman will be the next film to hit theaters for the DC Extended Universe and it represents the first post-Justice League superhero film from Warner Bros. and its reported move away from a Marvel-style shared universe . James Wan will be directing and promised a fun film during Warner 's presentation at a CinemaCon , dropping some of the first footage for the film ahead of its release in December . Wan was joined by Yahya Abdul-Mateen II , Patrick Wilson , Amber Heard , Jason Momoa , and panel host Will Arnett to debut the footage according to Variety :
“ I 'm a blunt instrument and I 'm damn good at it , ” Momoa says at one point in the footage . The film will delve into Aquaman 's backstory . One of the more arresting images from the film finds a young Aquaman catching a trident with his bare hands . Director James Wan said the film 's effects are very much a work-in-progress , but told the crowd of theater owners that he hoped they could “ catch a glimpse of something that may represent the fun film I 'm going for . ”
Deadline points out that the footage depicts some of the plot points for the film , with Patrick Wilson 's Ocean Master — complete with a really blonde wig — battling against Arthur Curry for the throne of Atlantis . There are “ fish people sometimes riding seahorses , and futuristic submarines , ” plenty of underseas royal intrigue , and a pending war with the surface world over pollution and their treatment of the oceans . They also compare the film to Black Panther in terms of plot , so it 's likely to live in that shadow ahead of its release .
Zenith Bank “ NextGen ” Juniour Masters begins in Lagos – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kim Crowell , senior curator , gives a behind-the-scenes tour at the Seabee Museum in Port Hueneme , discussing the process of building the museum 's 14,000-item archive with collections dating back over 100 years . Some of the treasures not on display in the regular museum include a hand and leg of a Sadam Hussein statue torn down in the 1990s during Operation Desert Storm , hundreds of knick-knacks collected from civilians all over the world by Seabees on deployment , art and military recruitment posters , a model ship used for training and much more .
Related
Grande confirmed the news on her Instagram account , sharing animations of her character , which sports the singer 's trademark bunny ears , and a photo of her meeting with the game 's designers . When she does appear , the popstar should become the first non-fictional character to be made available inside a Final Fantasy game ( there are hundreds of examples of its impact on popular culture , but we 're struggling to find examples of the opposite ) .
Square Enix has yet to share details about how DW can be acquired but Grande is happy with her upcoming entry into the world of video games : `` It 's the cutest thing i 've ever seen in my entire life and i 'm so excited and in love with it i can not contain myself . ''
The star made his first public appearance since the separation at the glamorous Los Angeles event .
Actor Chris Pratt stepped onto the Teen Choice Awards stage as he made his first public appearance since announcing his split from wife Anna Faris .
The Guardians Of The Galaxy star thanked “ Jesus Christ ” as he picked up the prize for best sci-fi movie actor at the glamorous Los Angeles event on Sunday .
As he picked up his enormous surf board-shaped trophy , the 38-year-old also joked that telling lies about his skills had helped him climb the career ladder to stardom .
According to US website E News , he told the audience : “ When I came to Los Angeles , I came from Hawaii and I had all of this blonde hair and I was tan , and I met an agent because I really wanted to be an actor and get an agent , and he said : ‘ Wow , bro you must surf ? '
“ I said ‘ Yeah ' and that was the first of many lies I told to get where I am today . Thank you . ”
He continued : “ I would not be here with the ease and grace I have in my heart without my lord and saviour Jesus Christ . ”
Pratt did not appear to be wearing a wedding ring as he made his appearance at the star-studded event just days after he shared a Facebook post announcing his separation from his wife of almost eight years .
Anna and I are sad to announce we are legally separating . We tried hard for a long time , and we 're really disappointed . … Posted by Chris Pratt on Sunday , August 6 , 2017
He wrote that the pair , who share son Jack , had “ tried hard for a long time ” to make the marriage work and were “ really disappointed ” .
The Parks And Recreation star 's statement added : “ We still have love for each other , will always cherish our time together and continue to have the deepest respect for one another . ”
The event also proved successful for British singer Ed Sheeran , who picked up the prize for best pop song with hit single Shape Of You .
CTH will not be part of the insufferable media narrative that China and North Korea are detached and independent ; that nonsense is just plain silly . Beijing 's old communist guard tells Kim Jong-un what he can and can not do .
That said , Beijing flinched . Kim Jong-un takes finger off trigger . It appears Guam has nothing to worry about for the moment .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) – North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un received a report from his army on its plans to strike the area around Guam and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision , the North 's official news agency said on Tuesday .
“ The United States , which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us , should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash , ” Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA .
The North 's leader ordered the army should always be fire-ready should he make a decision for action , the report said . ( read more )
Here 's the transcript [ Translated ] as broadcast by Pyongyang KCBS Newscast :
Respected Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un inspected the Command of the Strategic Force of the Korean People 's Army on Aug. 14 .
He waved back to enthusiastically cheering service members and posed for a picture with them .
He went round historical mementoes and data displayed at the Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism Study Hall .
Going round them , he looked back with deep emotion on the great leadership feats of the brilliant commanders of Mt . Paektu , recorded on every page of the history of the KPA Strategic Force displaying its might with the strength unprecedented in the world as a powerful strike service , symbolic of the dignity and power of Korea .
Then he listened to General Kim Rak Gyom 's decision on the Strategic Force 's plan for an enveloping fire at Guam at the command post .
He examined the plan for a long time and discussed it with the commanding officers in real earnest .
He praised the KPA Strategic Force for drawing up a close and careful plan as planned and intended by the Party and examined the firing preparations for power demonstration .
After listening to the commander of the Strategic Force that it is waiting for the order of the Party Central Committee after rounding off the preparations for the enveloping fire at Guam , he said with great satisfaction that the spirit of Hwasong artillerymen is very high and he was freshly determined , seeing by himself the combat preparedness and the sky-high spirit of the Hwasong artillerymen of the large combined unit .
He said that the U.S. imperialists caught the noose around their necks due to their reckless military confrontation racket , adding that he would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees spending a hard time of every minute of their miserable lot .
He said that he wants to advise the U.S. , which is driving the situation on the Korean peninsula into the touch-and-go situation , running helter-skelter , to take into full account gains and losses with clear head whether the prevailing situation is more unfavorable for any party .
In order to defuse the tensions and prevent the dangerous military conflict on the Korean peninsula , it is necessary for the U.S. to make a proper option first and show it through action , as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula , he said , adding that the U.S. should stop at once arrogant provocations against the DPRK and unilateral demands and not provoke it any longer .
He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity , testing the self-restraint of the DPRK , the latter will make an important decision as it already declared , warning the U.S. that it should think reasonably and judge properly not to suffer shame that it is hit by the DPRK again .
He said that if the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the U.S. is going more reckless , it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks , underlining the need to be always ready for launching to go into action anytime once our Party decides .
Looking round a military training school and gymnasium , he called for firmly establishing Juche in education and steadily improving the quality of military training and thus preparing all the artillerymen of the large combined units to be fighters capable of waging campaign of brains , who perfectly mastered the modern military science and technology , the enemy 's changed war methods and Korean-style war methods against them .
He underscored the need to certainly establish the system of reeducating commanding officers and technicians of the Strategic Force in line with the modernization and upgrading of ballistic rockets .
Going round the supply service facilities of the large combined unit including the dining hall of sub-unit , he took warm care of the solders ' life as their real father would do .
He enjoyed a performance given by the art squad of the large combined unit at the solders hall .
He expressed satisfaction over the good performance given by members of the art squad through numbers vividly representing the operational mission and features of the Strategic Force and desire , thoughts and feelings of the Hwasong artillerymen , and gave precious teachings for performance .
The Strategic Force has a very important position and duty in carrying out the strategic plans of the Workers ' Party of Korea , he said , stressing the need for the Strategic Force to firmly establish the monolithic leadership system , command and management system of the Supreme Commander over the nuclear force and further complete the Juche-oriented rocket strike methods .
Giving teachings of great trust that he remains confident thanks to the KPA Strategic Force , reliable treasured sword guaranteeing the everlasting future of the country and nation , he expressed expectation and belief that all the officers and men of the Strategic Force would bring about a fresh turn in rounding off combat preparations , bearing in mind the important mission they have assumed before the Party , the country and the people .
The officers and men of the KPA Strategic Force , who received great trust from him , were firmly determined to score the final victory in the standoff with the U.S. by scorching with super strong strike the targets in south Korea , Japan , operational area in the Pacific and the U.S. mainland , flying the sacred red flags of the Party and flags of the supreme commander at every matchless launching pad once he gives an order .
Accompanying him were KPA Vice Marshal Hwang Pyong So , director of the KPA General Political Bureau , and Kim Jong Sik , vice department director of the C.C. , the Workers ' Party of Korea . ( link – and Additional SOURCING )
Among the thousands of fans packing in the Super Bowl on Sunday will be two adult sons and one very happy dad who in his words went `` bananas '' when he was surprised with a trip to the championship game .
Interested in Super Bowl ? Add Super Bowl as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Super Bowl news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
Eagles fan Jim Mulhern of Downingtown , Pennsylvania , was eating dinner recently with his wife , Anita , and some other family members when he got a call from his son , Jimmy , in Thailand .
With the son on speaker phone , dad Jim continued eating his dinner as the conversation started with small talk about the upcoming big game , as seen on a video shot by the family .
Then Jimmy casually let it spill that he and his brother , Sean , would be taking their father in person to the championship in Minneapolis .
`` You 're kidding , '' Jim Mulhern said quietly , sounding stunned .
Realizing then it was not a joke , he said , `` Oh my god , you wait to tell me that ? ''
Mulhern family
Now Jim Mulhern and sons Jimmy and Sean are among the thousands of fans who will be packing the stadium in Minneapolis for the match-up , which the Mulherns hope will end in a victory for their beloved Eagles against the New England Patriots .
Jimmy and Sean 's sister , Donna , also played a role , Sean told ABC News in an interview Saturday .
`` A matter of fact , she was able to get my dad his Eagles wear , so that he 's warm , '' Sean Mulhern said .
Dad Jim Mulhern said he 's not too worried about the cold in Minneapolis .
`` The cold weather is one of the things on the bottom of my list as far as this game is concerned , '' he said , adding , however , `` I 'm excited about it being an indoor game ... and I think the excitement will pump some blood when it starts to get cold , so I 'll be ready . ''
Mulhern family
But most on his mind is excitement for the game and gratitude for his family and their generosity .
`` Thank God , and if there 's a sports god , thank you to him , '' Jim Mulhern said , `` and then thank you to my boys for what they 've done and to my daughter . ''
American Airlines
As to the possibility of the Eagles losing ?
`` I would n't even use that word , '' Jim Mulhern said . `` That word is not in my vocabulary for awhile until maybe I get back and see that somebody 's crying somewhere and then I 'll understand what losing is , but it 's not in my vocabulary for a little bit , no sir . ''
Expand On May 24 , President Aliyev signed the decree pardoning 634 people on the occasion of the centenary of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic . © 2018 Azertag
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev signed a decree on Friday to pardon 634 convicts , but included only 12 people local rights groups considered political prisoners . So while he pardoned several religious activists and opposition party members who had only a few days left behind bars , the move unexpectedly and disappointingly excluded dozens of prominent civil and political activists , bloggers , and journalists who remain jailed following politically motivated prosecutions .
Among those still imprisoned are journalist and blogger Mehman Huseynov , who is serving two years on charges of defaming a police station after he publicly described abuse he endured there ; journalist Afgan Mukhtarli , who was kidnapped a year ago from neighboring Georgia and illegally transferred to Azerbaijan , where he was sentenced to six years on bogus smuggling and other charges ; and Ilgar Mammadov , one of Azerbaijan 's most prominent opposition figures and government critics , who remains in prison despite the European Court judgment finding his detention illegal . Giyas Ibrahimov and Bayram Mammadov , youth activists serving 10-year prison sentences for spraying political graffiti on the former president 's monument , are also still imprisoned .
And the list goes on .
The president 's highly anticipated decree came during Azerbaijan 's centennial celebration of its 1918 independence from the Russian Empire . For months , Azerbaijani officials used the impending decree to deter criticism of its rights record , suggesting it would deliver big results .
It did n't , and with wrongfully jailed activists still behind bars in Azerbaijan , it is essentially the European Union apply extra pressure to see their release . The EU should link their freedom to any closer political and economic partnership , which is currently being negotiated between the EU and Azerbaijan . This would be in line with the recent decision of the European Parliament 's Foreign Affairs Committee , which called on the EU to take significant steps “ as regards the release of political prisoners and prisoners of conscience. ” Additionally , members of the European Parliament reminded Azerbaijani authorities that “ no comprehensive agreement will be ratified with a country that does not respect fundamental EU values and rights . ”
These activists anticipated Aliyev 's pardon would grant them their freedom , which was unjustly taken away in punishment for their activism . The EU needs now to be unequivocal and insist on their release and for Azerbaijan to end its crackdown on critics .
RCMP are continuing their search for a missing Enoch Cree Nation man who has been missing since 2003 , and they 've released an age-progression photo .
William Jay Sharphead , known also as ‘ Billy ' , went missing in September of 2003 and has not been heard from since . RCMP said that Sharphead was known to travel between the Edmonton area and Morley First Nation . His family continues to hope for Sharphead 's safe return .
Sharphead , 50 , is described as an Indigenous man with brown eyes and brown hair , standing 5 ' 7 ” with a slim build .
Seventy years ago this week , the Yorkshire Evening Post carried the story of one Yorkshire family preparing to make a new life for themselves Down Under .
Edmund ‘ Bantam ' Dewhusrt , of Skipton , was pictured along with his wife and their six-year-old daughter Margaret on the first stage of their journey to Sydney , Australia , where Mr Dewhurst , a weaver , was to enter the textile industry .
They can be seen waving farewell to friends and neighbours and look like they are in high spirits . If you happen to know what became of them , please get in touch with us at neil.hudson @ ypn.co.uk .
In other news , a cat burglar scaled a 20ft fall-pipe to break into the home of a house on Torre Mount , off York Road , while Mr and Mrs C Watson were out . The intruder ransacked drawers and cupboards , stealing a new suit , shoes and three shillings in cash .
A six stone sturgeon caused something of a stir among the fishing community after it was landed at Scarborough . The 5ft 6inch long fish was caught by Billy Watkinson , who said : “ It is the first sturgeon I have caught . It was very quiet and gave no trouble after being hauled in . ”
Afterwards , there was a debate over when the last sturgeon was landed at the port . Some said it was 12 years earlier but one Thomas Scales , 78 , a retired trawler owner , said he landed a two-and-a-half stone specimen eight years ago . Another fisherman claimed to have landed a small one just a year earlier .
The report observed : “ The old custom of offering the fish to the King was not observed to-day . It was sold by auction for £21 to Mr Albert Sutton , a Scarborough fish merchant , who would it to Cooper 's Polar Fisheries , Hull . ”
And finally , the government lifted restrictions on buying new car tyres without a permit .
It 's time to face up to the reality that gay rights are not just for liberals anymore
The enduring and much-loved comedian , actress and out lesbian , Lily Tomlin , is quoted as saying , “ I always wanted to be somebody . Now I realize I should have been more specific . ”
When I was a kid and the adults would ask , “ What do you want to be when you grow up ? ” The usual answers were fireman , nurse , astronaut , cowboy…the heroes of a generation perhaps not as sophisticated as our modern times force us to be . Now , the answer of a little girl might be , “ I want to be a boy. ” Or a boy might realize “ I want to be a girl . ”
At worst , these are horrifying responses for some parents , and at the least , it 's a lot for a lot of people to wrap their minds around .
One of my favorite quotes comes from prolific writer Kurt Vonnegut , Jr. who is quoted as saying , “ If you really want to hurt your parents and you do n't have nerve enough to be homosexual , the least you can do is go into the Arts . ”
It does take nerve to be gay or lesbian . And it certainly takes nerve to be transgender . It takes a lot of guts to be who you are—from the questioning youth to the 85-year-old lesbian . And it takes a lot of soul-searching , and support , and therapy , and enormous strength to be who you feel yourself to be , especially when you do n't have familial , societal and religious support behind you .
When we stop to appreciate the enormity , for instance , of a transgender person 's life-altering decision , we realize it ai n't about the bathrooms ; it 's about the age-old set of homophobic reactions couched in the concern of “ those people ” being around my kids . It 's about the difficulty conservative society has with anyone who 's different , let alone someone who has decided to be different .
And trans folks may be “ different ” to a lot of mainstream-thinkers , but to them , they have courageously emerged from being different—more accurately , from feeling inauthentic—to being who they truly are .
With former President Barack Obama announcing his support for same-sex marriage , the queer community has had a lot to celebrate in recent years . And our nationwide Pride events , whether outrageous and colorful , or subdued and home-grown , have reflected that . Glitter aside , the greater community , including our allies , has shared the call to arms of : “ No civil rights movement has ever failed—and we will not fail . ”
Such encouragement was the breath of fresh air the LGBTQ+ movement needed . However , this does not negate the undeniable history of often brutal treatment of gays , lesbians and transgender citizens and their lack of basic human rights in the eyes of government for most of this nation 's history .
The movement has made enormous strides over the past few decades , and the recent surge in public support for the once unthinkable concept of same-sex marriage reflects this quite radical shift in American culture . Homosexuality and support for the rights of gay and lesbian Americans are now widely accepted , even among Republicans , as a large majority of Americans say they know someone who is gay . But remember : America was not always so accepting and the rights we can all enjoy now are once again , under attack .
It was a different world when gays and lesbians were still relatively invisible in American society . Many gays lived in ghettos of their own in major cities , and most lived their lives in the closet , concealing their sexual orientation to keep their jobs or prevent eviction .
Commercial establishments were allowed to refuse service to ( perceived ) gay customers , and police were rarely sympathetic to gay victims of assault and other violent crimes.The American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) once listed homosexuality as a sociopathic personality disorder , and gays were routinely characterized in the media by crude stereotypes .
Long before texts and social media , elevators were the most common place that people would infiltrate another 's personal space bubble . Most oncoming passengers would be courteous and fill the most logical gap in the box with standing room only , and some would even wave the cramped crowd inside onto the floor of their destination . Cyberspace is now where personal space is more valuable than a Titanic artifact .
“ Keep your friends close and your enemies closer , ” a famous quote from The Godfather movie , is based on the premise is that it 's wise to stay close to your enemies in order to be aware of anything they could be plotting against you , but maybe not knowing is wiser . Not knowing often entails sanctifying our own personal space not only physically , but virtually as well .
When someone oversteps our physical energy field , we can simply lean back . We may even choose to leave the room or the building in order to get away from the offensive person , but when someone bursts into our personal space bubble on cyberspace , we need to fiercely defend our perimeter of comfort .
Online encroachment makes us more than uncomfortable ; we feel hacked and all out of whack . Revisiting cyber-offense is only a click away . We may find ourselves typing responses that are uncustomarily rude and hurtful in retaliation for an affront that , if presented to us in person , would have garnered a more courteous response . In person , we realize that the offender is not a virtual human , but an actual human being who deserves respect and perhaps some compassion .
This is n't to say , we should n't protect ourselves from online vultures , but to reinforce that we should employ civilized means when dealing with those on social media who attempt , often successfully so , to suck us into an uncivilized cyber world where feelings do n't really get hurt and common courtesy flies out the virtual window .
“ Ignorance is bliss , ” might be the better policy by which to adhere by according to poet Thomas Gray . Often the consequences of spending time in the same proximity as those people who wish you harm , is just not worth the toll it pays on your health and vitality .
In order to stay oblivious and I would contend , happy today , one must create virtual boundaries for would-be social predators . Block those people whose posts you no longer enjoy , delete those comments posted to your site that are designed to instigate negativity and provoke arguments and perhaps , more difficult and most important of all , ignore those comments aimed directly at you . Feeding the comments only fuels the toxic fire already burning . Snuff it out by not breathing any vital air into it .
The effects of cyber-drama lasts for longer than an elevator ride and is more intensely felt than having our foot stepped on . Escaping from physically uncomfortable situations where the offender is within a hands reach can be easier than fleeing from those who intrude on your cyberspace . Just remember , sanctifying your cyberspace is as critical to your overall well-being as is protecting your home — your true home , your soul , is present in both spaces .
Sanctify your cyberspace
By Michele Savaunah Zirkle Marcum Contributing columnist
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County , author of “ Rain No Evil ” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio . Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks .
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County , author of “ Rain No Evil ” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio . Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks .
Six people were arrested for prostitution charges Thursday night in Baton Rouge .
The Baton Rouge Police Department arrested the following people on Thursday , October 5 :
Broderick Green , 22 - arrested in the 2800 block of Plank Road
Green was arrested around 5:45 a.m. after detectives with the Baton Rouge Police Narcotics Division received numerous complaints of prostitution along Plank Road . The officer reportedly saw Green standing near a car wash at Plank and Scenic dressed as a woman , wearing a long wig , makeup , and a bra . Green then reportedly solicited a sexual encounter for $ 80 with the undercover officer . Green is charged with prostitution .
Jamie Kelly , 32 - arrested in the 3200 block of Plank Road
Kelly was also arrested around 5:45 a.m. Thursday morning while detectives were conducting an undercover operation targeting prostitution . The undercover officer was reportedly flagged down by Kelly , who then approached the passenger side window of the unmarked police vehicle . She then reportedly agreed to a prostitution deal of oral sex for $ 40 . She was then arrested and charged with prostitution . Kelly was arrested for prostitution back in May of 2016 and also has had numerous previous drug charges .
Joseph Mars , 50 - arrested in the 2200 block of Scenic Highway
Mars was arrested as part of the undercover prostitution operation while detectives were working proactive patrol . Mars was arrested just after 5 a.m. after reportedly approaching the undercover officer 's vehicle and offering to perform oral sex for $ 40 . Mars was then arrested and read his rights . While being handcuffed , Mars reportedly dropped a small rock of cocaine and paraphernalia use for smoking . Mars pleaded guilty to his second offense of prostitution back on May 27 , 2015 and also pleaded guilty to prostitution back in 2001 . Mars is charged with third offense prostitution , possession of schedule II narcotics , and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Traciland McKinley , 27 - arrested in the 1900 block of Scenic Highway
McKinley was arrested just after 5 a.m. in the 1900 block of Scenic Highway between Mulberry and Chestnut Streets . McKinley reportedly negotiated a sexual encounter with the undercover officer for $ 60 . McKinley was then arrested and reportedly said she was out on bond and trying to make money . She also reportedly told officers she had a crack pipe on her person , which she then took out of her waistband . McKinley is charged with prostitution and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Darsha Recotta , 47 - arrested in the 1800 block of Scenic Highway
Recotta was arrested around 6:20 a.m. during the undercover operation . An undercover officer reportedly saw Recotta in the 1800 block of Scenic Highway , where she reportedly negotiated a deal for oral sex for $ 20 . Recotta was then arrested and read her rights . She is charged with prostitution .
Corey Rogers , 30 - arrested in the 2800 block of Plank Road
Rogers was arrested around 5 a.m. in the 2800 block of Plank Road at Osage Street . Rogers was observed by officers standing near the same car wash where Green was arrested wearing a wig and makeup . Rogers reportedly approached the passenger side and was asked by the undercover officer if she was `` looking for some company , '' to which Rogers replied , `` sure . '' Rogers then negotiated a deal for oral sex for $ 40 . Rogers was then arrested for prostitution . Rogers was also found to be in possession of $ 105 worth of prostitution proceeds . Criminal history shows Rogers was arrested for prostitution and crimes against nature back in 2006 . Rogers is charged with second offense prostitution .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — NATO 's chief says the military alliance would be concerned if reports that Russia has violated a Cold War-era treaty by deploying a cruise missile prove true .
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year , possibly violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty on the development and testing of cruise missiles .
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Wednesday that `` compliance with arms control agreements is of great importance and especially when it comes to treaties covering nuclear weapons . ''
He said that `` any non-compliance of Russia with the INF Treaty would be a serious concern for the alliance . ''
His remarks in Brussels came before chairing the first meeting of NATO defense ministers with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis .
Get tips on how to plant the right mix of flowers , trees and shrubs for the perfect garden .
The Laguna Beach Garden Club Gate & Garden Tour takes place on Friday , May 4 , on the eve of Cinco de Mayo .
The popular event this year is held in South Laguna and features 10 gardens . There will be margaritas and Mexican fare , refreshments and a raffle of prizes from local artists and businesses . The gardens represent a cross-section of landscaping and gardening to showcase South Laguna 's history and its present style .
The tour is a fundraiser to help with educational school gardens , scholarships and community projects . Participants will walk along a 3/4-mile route with picturesque ocean views .
Last year 's tour featured a tropical garden .
IF YOU GO
What : Laguna Beach Garden Club Gate and Garden Tour
When : 11 a.m. – 4 p.m. Friday , May 4
Where : Arabella Laguna Historic Cottages , 506 North Coast Highway , Laguna Beach
Cost : $ 50
Advance tickets : Tour tickets are $ 45 in advance and available at LagunaBeachGardenClub.org and atLaguna Beach Books , Laguna Drug , Laguna Nursery , Tides Inn , and Dana Point Nursery .
Calling All ‘ Doctor Who ' Fans – You 're Going To Dig This New Spin-Off Series [ Video ]
“ Class ” is in session – at least for all you Doctor Who fans .
If you are a part of the classic science-fiction series ' cult following , then you should know all about Coal Hill School .
First making its name in the series back in 1963 , it has since made a reoccurring appearance and now has its very own spin-off show , called Class – although the school 's name has been updated to Coal Hill Academy .
The story focuses on five students and various staff members at the academy who are tasked by the Twelfth Doctor to deal with alien threats . Of course , all the while they are trying to deal with their personal lives , too .
So between the day-to-day adventures of the students coping with intrusions from space and time , coupled with the show 's dark tones and dramatic music , fans should be stoked .
Cue the trailer :
You saw that cheeky appearance by Peter Capaldi , did n't you ? Apparently there are a few more and , as a Showmax subscriber , you 'll be able to watch the series before it launches anywhere else in South Africa .
Released on Monday , June 12 , you can pop over here to sign up so that your binge can happen this evening .
It 's a pleasure .
Priced in rands , you do n't need a credit card to start streaming . You can buy prepaid vouchers , pay with your Smart Shopper points , FNB eBucks vouchers , Standard Bank UCount Vouchers , or ABSA Rewards Vouchers .
Bonus : if you 're still signed up with DStv , you can even add Showmax to your account . Boom .
If you need a further nudge , pop over here to read about some of Showmax 's other perks .
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Background reading :
• Seeing a chance to steal a Senate seat , Democrats are deploying a multimillion-dollar get-out-the-vote operation in Alabama .
• The wild and ugly campaign , fraught with incendiary comments and molestation claims , has left even veterans of the state 's politics searching for parallels .
• James O'Keefe has long struggled for respect from the news media and acceptance from the conservative movement . But now he has an ally in the Oval Office .
Tune in , and tell us what you think . Email us at thedaily @ nytimes.com . Tweet me at @ mikiebarb . And if you 're interested in advertising with “ The Daily , ” write to us at thedaily-ads @ nytimes.com .
How do I listen ?
If you do n't see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free , follow the instructions below .
From your mobile device :
You can listen and subscribe to “ The Daily ” from any podcast player . If you 're reading this from an iPhone or other Apple mobile device , tap this link to listen in Apple Podcasts . If you 're on an Android device , tap this link to listen in Stitcher or this link to listen in RadioPublic .
Or if you prefer another podcast player , you can find “ The Daily ” there . ( Here 's the RSS feed . )
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
From a desktop or laptop :
Click the “ play ” button above to start the show . Make sure to keep that window open on your browser if you 're doing other things , or else the audio will stop . You can always find the latest episode at nytimes.com/thedaily .
On Amazon Echo , Echo Dot or Tap :
Open the Alexa app . From the navigation panel on the left , select “ settings , ” then “ flash briefing , ” then “ get more flash briefing content. ” Look for “ The New York Times ” and select “ enable skill. ” Now you can say , “ Alexa , what 's my flash briefing ? ” and you will hear that day 's episode of “ The Daily . ”
On Google Home :
You can say , “ O.K. , Google , play New York Times ” to listen to that day 's episode of “ The Daily . ”
( WXYZ ) - A Michigan car dealership 's bold statement toward a panhandler that is often seen outside its doors is turning heads .
A red sign popped up Tuesday at a Honda dealership in Brighton , Michigan — a suburb 45 minutes outside of Detriot .
“ Please do not give anything to this panhandler . We offered him a fulltime job at $ 10.00/HR , ” the sign reads . “ He said : ‘ I make more a day than any of you ' and he did not want a job . ”
It concluded by saying , “ Please donate to a more worthy cause . ”
Morgan Rae Holt posted a photo of the sign on Facebook . It 's since been shared nearly 5,000 times as of Wednesday afternoon .
Cristiano Ronaldo has crossed the age of 33 years and many football pundits are of the opinion that the Real Madrid superstar has a couple of years left in him . But that can change if Ronaldo agrees to join Juventus which plays in a less competitive Serie A .
Cristiano Ronaldo may not look like it , given how he still maintains a truly unbelievable physique , but Portugal 's all-time top scorer have lost quite a bit of his footballing talents that he boasted a couple of years ago . But losing pace on the pitch by a yard and reluctance to dribble due to slowing down of once lightning-quick feet is inevitable for a footballer who is in the twilight of his career . Nevertheless , the 33-year-old legendary attacker can still prolong his career at the top for many more years to come .
A 20-team La Liga may be a duopoly of just Barcelona and Real Madrid but the tussle between the two fierce rivals is fierce . The desire of each club to topple each other is such that it tests the participating players to the limit and there 's only much a body can take . Take the example of Zinedine Zidane , Ruud Van Nistelrooy , Ronaldinho , Xavi and most recently , Andres Iniesta . All of the players left the top two contending clubs before they crossed the age of 34 .
Ronaldo is 33 years old and is slowly approaching that age where he has to seriously ponder over his future and no league can be more accommodating and rewarding than Serie A for the ageing players .
Be it Paolo Maldini , Fabio Cannavaro , Javier Zanetti , Andrea Pirlo or Leonardo Bonucci ; all of these players enjoyed their best playing years after the age of 30 . And Cristiano Ronaldo can take inspiration from them .
Serie A is less physically demanding and the success of a player in the Italian league depends on his technical and mental skills . The more determined , precise and clinical a player would be , the more chances will be of him to succeed .
Cristiano Ronaldo boasts of a skill-set that very few people in the world have . He has a mind full of determination , nerves of steel and explosive technique that can rag any defence at will .
Lately , he has been a subject of transfer speculation linking him to Juventus and is the reports are to be believed then he might very well may be on his way to the Old Lady of Turin .
Reportedly , Juventus are willing to shell out a staggering sum of 100 million euro on the superstar footballer and have offered him a four-year contract worth further 120 million euro .
If Ronaldo decides to get along with the move , he will certainly hit the ground running in Serie A and given the talent available at Juventus , he can end Real Madrid 's dominance in Europe with the Italian giants and forge himself a legacy that will never be surpassed .
For all the latest Sports News , download NewsX App
Read More
Polish authorities have charged a Tunisian citizen with murder in the stabbing death of a 21-year-old Polish man on New Year 's Eve , a case that sparked violent protests over the weekend .
The trouble began Saturday evening when the Pole , identified only as Daniel , got into a quarrel with the employees of a kebab restaurant in Elk , in northeastern Poland .
Prosecutor Wojciech Piktel said Monday that investigators are still unsure of all the circumstances , but it appears Daniel took two bottles of a beverage from the restaurant without paying . In the ensuing brawl , a 26-year-old cook in the restaurant used his knife to deliver two fatal stabs to Daniel .
The following evening people protesting the man 's death threw stones at store windows and at police , sparking the arrest of 28 people .
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia .
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale , Arizona-based company 's terms of service .
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer , who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville . The post called her `` fat '' and `` childless '' and said `` most people are glad she is dead , as she is the definition of uselessness . ''
`` Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act , we believe this type of article could incite additional violence , which violates our terms of service , '' Race said in an emailed statement .
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision , the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down . But one of The Daily Stormer 's contributors said that post was just a prank .
`` We 're a convivial publication . We have a lot of fun with it , '' said Andrew Auernheimer , a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site .
Andrew Anglin , the website 's publisher and author of Sunday 's post about Heyer , said he could n't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy 's move .
`` I do n't have time to talk , we 're trying to regain control of the site , '' he said in an email to The Associated Press .
Auernheimer , known online as `` weev , '' said GoDaddy had n't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision . He said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service .
`` We 'll get it taken care of , '' Auernheimer said . `` If we need a new domain , we 'll get a new domain . ''
GoDaddy is n't The Daily Stormer 's host , which means the site 's content is n't on the company 's servers , according to Race . `` Only the domain is with GoDaddy , '' Race added .
Anglin 's site takes its name from Der Stürmer , a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda . The site includes sections called `` Jewish Problem '' and `` Race War . ''
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its `` Troll Army '' of readers . Its targets have included prominent journalists , a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones , a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a `` Zionist Millionaire . ''
In April , a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign . Tanya Gersh 's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh 's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish , Montana , of engaging in an `` extortion racket '' against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website , WeSearchr , to raise more than $ 152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin 's legal expenses .
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013 . In 2015 , Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service . And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them , leaving an Australian electrician as the site 's only advertiser .
Lifestyle and beauty expert Chantel Guertin is ready to help you take better care of yourself this new year , with tips to keep your skin , hair and teeth feeling great .
Follow-on Instagram : @ chantelguertin
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops . Donate to order this gift now !
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel , with a foreword by Judith Butler . Donate to order this gift now !
SEATTLE ( KGTV ) -- Newly released body camera footage shows the moment police officers nabbed a pair of thieves trying to walk out of a Seattle-area Costco carrying $ 2,200 worth of laptops and vacuums .
On March 14 , South Precinct officers responded to a call at about 5:30 p.m. of a shoplift in progress at the Costco , police said . Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said he had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit .
Responding Seattle Police Department officers spotted a female driver inside a black Toyota that was backed up to the store 's emergency exit doors . The officers pulled their patrol vehicle in front of the Toyota to prevent it from leaving and contacted the 18-year-old woman , police said .
As police were talking with the woman , they could hear someone attempting to open the doors .
`` Moments later , two suspects , a 30-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman opened the emergency doors and attempted to walk out of the store carrying stolen computers and vacuum cleaners , '' police said .
Officers located a 7″ fixed blade from the male suspect . According to the security personnel , the suspect had carried a large knife in past incidents .
The male suspect was later booked into the King County Jail for investigation of robbery , while the two women were booked for investigation of theft , police said .
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to `` act rationally '' and avoid disrupting trade over steel , technology and other disputes , promising that Beijing will `` open even wider '' to imports and investment .
`` No one will emerge a winner from a trade war , '' said Li , the No . 2 Chinese leader , at a news conference held during the meeting of China 's ceremonial legislature .
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing , but other officials say President Xi Jinping 's government is ready to act .
Trump 's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology , which might lead to trade penalties . That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation .
`` What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions , '' said Li . `` We do n't want to see a trade war . ''
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will `` resolutely defend '' its interests . He gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners , soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market .
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage , the premier said its investments are based on market principles and `` China will remain a responsible long-term investor . ''
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi 's government tries to make its cooling , state-dominated economy more productive . He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition .
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China 's new jobs and wealth .
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly , but hope Xi , who took power in 2012 , might accelerate changes after focusing during his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China 's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s .
`` If there is one thing that will be different from the past , that will be that China will open even wider , '' said Li .
Beijing plans to `` further bring down overall tariffs , '' with `` zero tariffs for drugs , especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs , '' the premier said .
Li repeated a promise he made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to `` fully open the manufacturing sector '' to foreign competitors .
`` We will also fully open the manufacturing sector , '' the premier said . `` There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected . ''
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners , which requires them to give technology to potential competitors .
In a sign of Li 's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power , the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials , in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference .
They included Liu He , a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform . Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event .
The premier traditionally is China 's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy .
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning .
Related : Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident :
During an after party event , Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘ showing ' for which he was paid . Mr. [ Benny ] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja . As he was taking photos , Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘ sucker punched ' him for allegedly taking photos . By the time officers were contacted and arrived , Mr. Brown left the scene . Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip . Medical attention was refused . Investigation continues .
A statement posted to AJA Channelside 's official Facebook page reads :
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see . As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am . After only a few minutes of being there , Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue . AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience . Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly . We appreciate your constant support !
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations .
SANTA MONICA , Calif. ( AP ) — The Latest on an effort to collect money from O.J . Simpson to satisfy a multimillion-dollar civil judgment for the deaths of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson ( all times local ) :
9:24 a.m .
A judge in Los Angeles has rejected a request to have O.J . Simpson sign over profits from autographs to satisfy a civil judgment for the deaths of Ron Goldman and Simpson 's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson .
Superior Court Judge Gerald Rosenberg ruled Tuesday after the request was made by an attorney for Fred Goldman , father of Ron Goldman .
The judge denied it on grounds that Goldman ca n't identify who is paying Simpson .
Simpson was acquitted of murder in the 1994 killings , but a civil court jury found him liable and ordered him to pay $ 33.5 million , which has more than doubled over two decades .
A lawyer for the former football star says Simpson signed autographs after his release from a Nevada prison to pay legal bills .
___
11:14 p.m .
O.J . Simpson owes the family of Fred Goldman more than $ 70 million from a 1997 wrongful death judgment and a lawyer for the Goldmans says the former football star should use his profits from autographs to settle his debt .
Attorney David Cook plans to ask a Los Angeles Superior Court judge Tuesday to order Simpson to hand over future money he makes autographing sports memorabilia to satisfy the judgment in the wrongful deaths of Ron Goldman and Simpson 's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson .
Simpson was acquitted of murder in the 1994 killings , but a civil court jury found him liable and ordered him to pay $ 33.5 million , which has more than doubled over two decades .
A lawyer for the former football star says Simpson signed autographs after his release from a Nevada prison to pay legal bills .
Your pain 'll turn to gain , Tinubu tells Nigerians
By Emma Njoku
National leader the Progressives Congress ( APC ) , Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu has assured Nigerians that the pain of the current economic recession will soon give way for better days .
The former Lagos state governor , who gave the assurance while congratulating Nigerians for witnessing the beginning of the new year , 2017 , said the past year was of great challenges .
“ The last year witnessed a lot of sacrifices on the path of Nigerians . The government of APC is mindful . It is the necessary pain before the gain . As we move into a new year the pains will ease off in certain areas as the policies and initiatives of the Buhari led government begin to yield needed relief and dividends , ” he said in a statement issued from his media office .
Tinubu said “ we have begun on a journey and a path of sacrifice not of our choosing , but brought upon us all because a few , chosen to lead , have led without vision , compunction or compassion . ”
“ Now that we have a leadership that is committed , focused and people oriented we must align to make Nigeria work . We are a people blessed by God and destined to be great . The path to greatness is often not smooth . But , I am confident Nigeria will arrive and fulfill her destiny , ” Tinubu said .
He urged Nigerians to “ pray and hope for a new county where feeding and shelter will not be a challenge and more of our people will find work to do . ”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bloomberg Pledges $ 4.5 Million to Cover US in Paris Climate Agreement – Here 's How YOU Can Make an Impact Too – One Green Planet
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BC-BBA -- Top Ten
BASEBALL 'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct . Betts Bos 68 260 66 88 .338 Segura Sea 79 329 60 110 .334 Altuve Hou 87 341 55 114 .334 JMartinez Bos 83 318 60 104 .327 Simmons LAA 75 277 42 88 .318 MDuffy TB 70 277 26 87 .314 Rosario Min 81 324 57 101 .312 MMachado Bal 83 322 42 100 .311 Trout LAA 86 297 66 92 .310 Castellanos Det 84 340 46 105 .309 Home Runs
JMartinez , Boston , 26 ; Trout , Los Angeles , 24 ; JoRamirez , Cleveland , 24 ; Judge , New York , 24 ; Lindor , Cleveland , 23 ; Cruz , Seattle , 22 ; Stanton , New York , 21 ; Betts , Boston , 21 ; MMachado , Baltimore , 21 ; 3 tied at 20 .
Runs Batted In
JMartinez , Boston , 71 ; Haniger , Seattle , 62 ; Lowrie , Oakland , 59 ; MMachado , Baltimore , 59 ; Encarnacion , Cleveland , 57 ; Judge , New York , 57 ; Gattis , Houston , 56 ; KDavis , Oakland , 56 ; JoRamirez , Cleveland , 56 ; 2 tied at 55 .
Pitching
Severino , New York , 13-2 ; Kluber , Cleveland , 12-4 ; Snell , Tampa Bay , 11-4 ; Morton , Houston , 10-2 ; Porcello , Boston , 10-3 ; Rodriguez , Boston , 10-3 ; Happ , Toronto , 10-4 ; GCole , Houston , 9-2 ; McCullers , Houston , 9-3 ; Verlander , Houston , 9-4 .
Federal investigators are looking into why Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson included his son Ben Carson Jr. in an agency `` listening tour , '' despite objections from HUD attorneys , an Inspector General spokesperson confirmed to ABC News .
Interested in Ben Carson ? Add Ben Carson as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Ben Carson news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
Carson Jr. , a Maryland businessman , invited several `` business associates '' to his father 's Baltimore roundtable in June , which was meant to explore attitudes toward low-income housing .
Joe Raedle/Getty Images
According to a department memo , first reported by The Washington Post and obtained by ABC News , lawyers repeatedly warned against including Carson Jr. 's involvement , which they worried would `` gave the appearance that the secretary may be using his position for his son 's private gain '' and run afoul of ethics rules .
Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Carson Jr. told lawyers `` nothing we would do would be in conflict '' and indicated he was comfortable that `` our businesses are being insulated , '' according to the memo .
His father , Secretary Carson , said that because his son was the largest employer in Maryland , it would be difficult to conduct a listening tour without including him .
Joe Raedle/Getty Images
`` My goal in Baltimore was to listen and help the people of Baltimore have access to safe , affordable housing , '' Secretary Carson said in a statement to ABC News this week .
`` I try to be as inclusive as possible and talk with a wide variety of people because when it comes to increasing access to affordable housing , no rock should remain unturned , '' he continued , adding that he would call for an IG investigation `` to clear up any suspicion . ''
PICO RIVERA , Calif. ( AP ) — White House Chief of Staff John Kelly says a Los Angeles-area high school teacher `` ought to go to hell '' for disparaging U.S. military service members in classroom remarks .
The retired Marine general blasted Gregory Salcido on Wednesday during an interview with Fox News Radio .
Salcido is on leave from El Rancho High School in suburban Pico Rivera .
A video surfaced on Friday in which the teacher is heard berating a 17-year-old student who wore a Marine Corps sweatshirt .
Salcido uses crude terms to describe people who join the military and refers to them as the `` lowest of our low . '' He urges the student not to join the military .
Salcido told the Los Angeles Times he would n't comment because he and his family have received `` vulgar and violent threats . ''
The government of Bermuda has sued a Massachusetts hospital , saying it bribed the island 's former leader in order to secure business there .
The Boston Globe ( http : //bit.ly/2l7GYrA ) reports that the federal suit filed Tuesday alleges that Lahey Hospital and Medical Center and Ewart Brown , a doctor who was Bermuda 's premier from 2006 to 2010 , were part of a racketeering conspiracy that spanned 20 years .
The suit alleges that in return for bribes disguised as consulting fees , Brown directed a large share of the island 's health care business to Lahey , including lucrative contracts to interpret unnecessary MRIs and CT scans performed at two clinics owned by Brown .
Lahey said in a statement that the allegations are `` baseless and without merit . ''
Bermuda , a British territory , is seeking unspecified damages from Burlington-based Lahey .
———
Information from : The Boston Globe , http : //www.bostonglobe.com
The Jeff Bezos-founded space flight firm recently announced it will begin selling tickets for its trips up to the Karman Line -- at the very edge of the Earth 's atmosphere -- some 62 miles above the planet 's surface . But how will these trips actually work and what ( if any ) effects might they have on the human body ?
Flights aboard Blue Origin 's New Shepard spacecraft will only last around 11 minutes total but are expected to provide the six passengers a full four minutes of weightlessness before the capsule returns to Earth . These passengers will be seated around a solid-fuel abort motor `` centered in the circular structure like a cylindrical coffee table , '' as Aviation Week reports . Each passenger will be strapped into a chair reclined to around 70 degrees but angled to each face a window so that they 'll all be afforded an unimpeded view of the sky around them .
You wo n't have to worry about snapping selfies or recording the flight on your phone during the journey as the New Shepard will be outfitted with numerous cameras capturing both the cabin 's interior and the exterior view , per Smithsonian Magazine . Just be sure to use the restroom before boarding , as these crew capsules do not include a `` head . ''
As of yet , the company has not disclosed many other details about what 's in store for space tourists aboard the first New Shepard flight . Not even small details like what sorts of G-forces passengers will endure during either takeoff or landing .
Passengers could experience `` something like a rollercoaster or a jet taking off at the beginning , '' Rachael D. Seidler , a professor with the department of Applied Physiology and Kinesiology and the University of Florida , told Engadget . The return trip could be a bit less pleasant , she continued as `` a drop landing with the parachute could be fairly traumatic in terms of impact . '' Of course that 's only going to be an issue if the New Shepard 's trio of landing parachutes -- as well as its retro rockets -- somehow fail to operate properly .
Once passengers break the Earth 's gravitational bonds , they 'll have a few precious minutes to unhook themselves from their chairs and enjoy the freedom of microgravity . Unlike the physical impacts that professional astronauts have to deal with when they spend months at a time aboard the ISS , the corporal ramifications during these 11-minute space jaunts will be minimal .
The greatest threat , Seidler suspects , will be from space sickness . `` The vestibular system is the small balance organ in the inner ear , '' she explained . `` When you tilt your head , gravity pulls around some of the stuff in there and that signals to your brain that you 've tilted your head . '' However in microgravity that shifting does n't occur which `` can be a provocative stimulus . So , people could feel dizzy , nausea , things like that . '' It 's not that different from being sea- or car-sick and the effects should wear off quickly once you are back on terra firma .
`` I think the main thing is gon na be the space motion sickness , '' she said . `` So they may wan na pack some medication or take it before they go . ''
The fitness requirements for taking one of these trips should also be fairly relaxed compared with the stringent physical demands of long-term space flight . NASA astronauts , Seidler explained , have to be extremely fit with high bone density and plenty of muscle mass because the longer you 're exposed to microgravity , the more bone and muscle mass you lose . That 's why astronaut Peggy Whitson has to continuously train like a triathlete during her nine months aboard the ISS .
Luckily this is n't the case when you 're going to be weightless for less than a quarter hour . A person 's `` cardiovascular system will work a little bit differently ... '' Seidler concedes . `` We 're used to different valves and pumps in the system that work to circulate around our fluids and blood , and , in a microgravity context , these things will float up towards the head . But , again , just being there for 11 minutes , it may not be that big of a deal . ''
At this point it would appear that the most physically demanding aspect of these tourist flights will be deciding which arm , leg , and/or kidney you 'll have to sell in order to afford a ticket to ride . Blue Origin has not yet announced pricing for its trips but if the $ 250,000 price tag that Virgin Galaxy as attached to its orbital rides is any indication , you may have to dip into the kids ' college funds in order to pursue your dreams of short-hop space travel .
This release supports the Generic Sensor API , a universal standard that lets web apps talk to sensors in devices like VR headsets and fitness trackers . You could move around a 3D world just by moving your head or wrist , for instance . You should also see a unified experience between mobile VR and its more advanced desktop counterparts . If you 're nervous about Spectre-style attacks , there 's also wider use of site isolation to reduce the chances of a page swiping data from your other browser tabs .
All told , this may be one of the more quietly significant Chrome updates in recent months . You 'll have to wait for sites to support all the new features , but they could change how you interact with the web .
Galveston , TX ( 77553 )
Today
Thunderstorms likely . Rainfall will be locally heavy at times . High 83F . Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph . Chance of rain 100 % . 5 to 8 inches of rain expected . Localized flooding is possible ..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies . A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible . Low 78F . Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph .
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
BAY SHORE , N.Y. ( CBSNewYork ) — The growing farm to table movement promotes local foods and products in restaurants .
On Long Island , there is now a ‘ front yard to table ' effort and it 's turning heads .
Front and center at Cassandra Trimarco 's Bay Shore home are radishes , tomatoes and arugula .
“ I think it 's gorgeous , it 's healthy , it promotes all good things , ” she told CBS2 's Carolyn Gusoff .
She 's signed on to a growing concept — replacing her front lawn with something much more useful .
“ The more land to farm the better for men and the community . Nutrition is everything , ” she said .
The idea is taking root thanks to Jim and Rosette Adams who turned a passion to live sustainably on Long Island into Lawn Island Farms — converting local yards .
“ Everyone needs food . We can not eat grass , so we might as well grow food , ” Rosette said .
Organic vegetable will be sold at local farmers markets — an alternative to standard suburban fare .
“ All the food is coming in , over bridges or on airplanes . The fact is , we have enough land here to do it , ” Jim said .
In return Trimarco gets fresh produce and no more landscaping bills .
“ We come and do all the work so they do n't have to cut their grass anymore or pay someone to do it , ” Rosette said .
The novelty of a vegetable patch replacing manicured grass is sprouting different reaction on Hyman Avenue .
“ I think all the neighbors feel it 's not appropriate for the area , ” Rich Fogarty said .
“ This is residential , that 's why . If you want to have a business repairing cars you hang a sign and have stuff here , ” Ed Holub said .
“ It 's awesome . So cool to see someone doing this in the neighborhood , ” Ali Tutino countered .
“ Local produce like this is amazing , so convenient , ” Danielle Tutino added .
Neigbors who do n't like what it looks like now have even bigger concerns about the winter . Jim and Rosette said they will mulch and plant grand cover — a far better option than suburban brown grass .
Islip town officials said the front yard vegetable patch does not violate any zoning regulations .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — An Ohio man claimed to be angry at a woman when he shot and killed an elderly passerby Sunday afternoon and posted the murder on Facebook . Police urged the suspect to turn himself in , but he remained on the loose into the night .
Law enforcement officials identified the suspect as Steve Stephens , and Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers were searching for him in the Cleveland area and beyond .
The victim was identified as 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr .
In a statement Sunday night , Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media site at one point during the day , but not during the killing . Police earlier Sunday had said that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live .
In the video , which appears shaky , Stephens gets out of his car and appears to randomly target Godwin , who was holding a shopping bag . Stephens says the name of a woman , whom Godwin does not seem to recognize .
`` She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you , '' Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him . Godwin can be seen shielding his face with the shopping bag .
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson publicly urged Stephens to turn himself in to police and not to `` do any more harm to anybody . ''
`` Any problems he is having , we can have a conversation , '' Jackson said .
In a separate video , Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people . Williams said police have not verified any other shootings or deaths .
`` There are no more victims that we know are tied to him , '' he said .
The chief also said they 've been talking with family and friends of Stephens , who is employed at Beech Brook , a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike , near Cleveland .
`` We are shocked and horrified and we do n't know anything more about it , '' agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer told WOIO-TV . `` We hope and pray that he is arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly . ''
It was not immediately known what Stephens does for the agency , which said it will serve more than 18,000 children and families this year , according to its website .
The video of the killing was up on Facebook for about three hours before it was removed . Stephens Facebook page also has been removed .
`` This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , '' said a spokesperson for Facebook . `` We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ''
Police said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous . Late Sunday , police issued an aggravated murder warrant for him and in a statement said that he may have traveled out of state .
The FBI is assisting in the investigation .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Mayor Frank Jackson , not Police Chief Calvin Williams , urged Stephens to turn himself in and not to `` do anymore harm to anybody . ''
This story has been corrected to the show that Facebook now says the killing was recorded and uploaded to Facebook , not broadcast live .
This story has been corrected to show the name of the victim is Robert Godwin Sr. , not Goodwin .
Fast and Furious franchise headed to Netflix for a new animated series – Digital Trends
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ORLANDO , Fla. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- The Jersey Tomato Co. , maker of premium New Jersey tomato sauces and salsas , today announced that three flavors of its tomato sauces are now available at all 245 Harris Teeter Neighborhood & Pharmacy stores . The three SKUs available at Harris Teeter are Marinara , Tomato Basil and Spicy . The Jersey Tomato Co. can also be found at Kroger and its family of stores nationwide , including Fred Myer and Ralph 's , bringing the Company 's products to thousands of points of distribution nationally .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en/
Three tomato sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co. , now available at all Harris Teeter stores . ( Photo : Business Wire )
“ Harris Teeter is an admired grocery partner who recognizes the premium , better-for-you qualities of our products and the world-renowned attributes of the New Jersey tomato , ” said Dave Stoff , Founder and CEO of The Jersey Tomato Co. “ Thanks to Harris Teeter , shoppers from the District of Columbia to Florida are able to enjoy the naturally lower sodium and farm fresh flavor of sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co. Our sauces can now be found coast to coast , from California to Florida , demonstrating nationwide appreciation for the New Jersey tomato 's extraordinary flavor . ”
The Extraordinary New Jersey Tomato
All products from The Jersey Tomato Co. , including salsas and pizza sauces , are made with 100 % New Jersey tomatoes . The New Jersey tomato has been recognized around the world as the best since 1934 . The New Jersey tomato is celebrated like the great Italian San Marzano tomato for their outstanding flavor . All products from The Jersey Tomato Co. are marked with the “ Made Jersey Fresh ” logo , indicating certification from the New Jersey Department of Agriculture that every tomato was grown and harvested in New Jersey .
Better-For-You Tomato Sauces Made From World-Renown Tomatoes
The New Jersey tomato has distinct attributes such as unmatched sweetness , tartness and epic taste . This premium tomato is the result of the New Jersey soil composition , which has an acidic pH balance , combined with the ideal summer climate , which produces a delicious , better-for-you tomato . Because of the New Jersey tomato 's inherent qualities , the Jersey Tomato Co. sauces have 60 % lower sodium than the other leading tomato sauce brands . Bursting with farm fresh flavor , tomato sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co. are lower in calories and fat , naturally lower in sodium and have no added sugar . No added preservatives allow the naturally occurring flavor to shine through – along with antioxidants and vitamins - making these sauces a healthier than most leading tomato sauce brands .
The Jersey Tomato Co. is a portfolio company of KEEN Growth Capital , a venture fund that invests in and develops early-stage food and wellness companies .
About The Jersey Tomato Co .
All Natural . All Jersey . All Good . The Jersey Tomato Co. sauces and salsas are made with 100 % premium New Jersey tomatoes and healthy , fresh ingredients . Five delicious flavors of tomato sauce , two salsas and a pizza sauce , are all bursting with farm fresh flavor and naturally lower sodium - 60 % lower sodium than other leading brands . Follow The Jersey Tomato Co. in social media and visit JerseyTomatoCo.com for more .
About KEEN Growth Capital
KEEN Growth Capital invests in early stage food-related companies that generate meaningful social impact in addition to above market financial returns . KEEN has particular focus on healthy snacking , functional foods and patented , science backed companies that positively impact consumer health , environmental and community wellness , and long term disease mitigation . Keen 's infusion of intellectual and financial capital delivers enriched outcomes for all stakeholders while creating a healthier world . KEEN is based in Orlando . Ideas welcome everywhere . Visit KEENGrowthCaptial.com for more .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en/
CONTACT : The Jersey Tomato Co. & KEEN Growth Capital
Addison Ames , 917-721-2961
Addison @ KEENGrowthCapital.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FLORIDA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : CONVENIENCE STORE WOMEN OTHER CONSUMER DISCOUNT/VARIETY ONLINE RETAIL RESTAURANT/BAR NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE ENVIRONMENT RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE SPECIALTY SUPERMARKET CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE : KEEN Growth Capital
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC : 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Guilherme Guimaraes , a junior post player from Brazil , was named CoSIDA First-Team Academic All-District , as voted on by the College Sports Information Directors of America . He now becomes eligible to be nominated for the CoSIDA Academic All-America team .
Guimaraes is a Chemistry major and sports a 3.89 cumulative GPA . He has played in 21 of 22 games this season , averaging 8.6 points and 5.6 rebounds per game while shooting 56.3 % from the field . He scored 30 points with 12 rebounds in an exhibition at Longwood , posted a season-high 22 against Messiah , and recorded a 16 point , 10 rebounds double-double against Washington and Lee .
Guimaraes was the recipient of the President 's Award for excellence of character and scholarship and also won the Omicron Delta Kappa Award last school year . Additionally , he serves as a resident advisor and is a member of the Student Honor Court , Freshman Leadership Program , and Chi Beta Phi national honor society . Guimaraes has twice been one of eight recipients of the Roy B. Sears Endowment for Student Internships .
“ Gui is self-motivated and excels on and off the court . He has a high level of determination to give his best in everything he does and it is great to see him recognized for his hard work , ” said Head Coach Dee Vick .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Environment Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt declined an offer from the White House to help him prepare for what could be a marathon day of testimony before Congress Thursday , electing instead to prepare with a team of the loyal advisors he brought to Washington from Oklahoma , sources tell ABC News.Pruitt 's congressional appearances this week could mark the second formal time the Oklahoma native will be confronted with pointed questions about recent reports regarding ethics concerns . Three weeks ago he appeared on Fox News against advice from White House media specialists , the sources said.During that interview , Pruitt appeared to be on the defensive over a range of issues , including when he was asked about ABC News reports that he rented a $ 50-a-night condo from the wife of a top Washington lobbyist . `` Is draining the swamp renting an apartment from the wife of a Washington lobbyist ? '' Fox News correspondent Ed Henry asked . `` I do n't think that that 's even remotely fair to ask that question , '' Pruitt responded.The EPA did not respond to a request for comment on Pruitt 's preparations for this week 's hearing.Pruitt has been the focus of a raft of media reports over the past several weeks . Those reports described efforts to secure raises for several of his top aides , despite objections from the White House ; costly travel expenses and questionable changes to his office , all done under the guise of boosting security for Pruitt.But sources familiar with Pruitt 's prep sessions for two congressional hearings scheduled for Thursday say the group sessions have focused almost exclusively on policy matters , and not on the multiple looming controversies . His chief of staff , Oklahoma City native Ryan Jackson , has been quarterbacking the sessions . Earlier this month , it was Jackson who took responsibility for securing raises for several of Pruitt 's top aides - something Pruitt said had occurred without his knowledge.Ahead of the hearings , Pruitt has continued to push the pro-industry agenda that has won him favor with President Trump . This week , Pruitt announced two new directives supported by Congressional Republicans On Tuesday , Pruitt unveiled a new rule for how the EPA would limit the use of scientific materials to only research that makes the underlying raw data publicly available . Pruitt says the change will allow for more transparency . Critics , including former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy , say it could disqualify some of the research that forms the basis of regulations intended to protect public health.A similar change was pushed in legislation by Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas. , the chairman of the House Science Committee.Earlier in the week Pruitt was in Georgia where he announced that as part of the president 's existing executive orders to promote American energy independence and roll back regulations the EPA will now consider burning trees and other materials to be a carbon neutral activity , even though the EPA policy document also states that there is scientific disagreement among its scientific advisors over that issue . Both Democrats and Republicans have supported policies opening up investment in this kind of energy , including Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , who has been critical of Pruitt in recent weeks .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico 's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle .
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang . The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts .
`` Without knowing it , the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel , '' the prosecutor 's office said . The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlors in the city of Guadalajara .
The students ' fate horrified Mexico : Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid .
`` Words ca n't describe the dimension of this madness , '' Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter . `` Three students are killed and dissolved in acid . The 'why ' is unthinkable , the 'how ' is terrifying . ''
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house .
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them . The gang beat one student so badly he died , leading them to kill the other two .
They then took them to another house , where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid .
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses .
Investigators also found fake detectives ' credentials at the houses ; the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over .
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt 's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017 .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
EAST WINDSOR , N.J. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- Adents , a leading provider of premier , versatile serialization and track & trace solutions , has announced a for its PhiladelphiaSerialization Innovation Summit . Featuring experts from global IT and technology leaders such as Microsoft and Siemens , as well as officials from government oversight and advocacy groups such as the Healthcare Distribution Alliance , GS1 , and Medicines for Europe , the event is slated for June 20-21 at Le Meridien Hotel in Philadelphia , PA .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005878/en/
Adents Serialization Innovation Summit - Paris 5 & 6 april 2018 . ( Photo : Adents )
The Adents Serialization Innovation Summit is a three-continent set of events that kicked off with a very successful first edition in Paris April 5-6 . Following the Philadelphia event , a subsequent gathering is scheduled for Shanghai this October .
The summit will address pharma applications of various new technologies – including blockchain , augmented reality , and virtual batch record – as well as the myriad of ways that data generated by serialization can be utilized to improve production and business practices for beyond-compliance ROI .
During the 1½-day conference , participants will meet with world-leading technologyevangelists and traceability experts to understand the future challenges faced by various pharma industry players .
In Philadelphia , experts from Microsoft will explore areas such as Cloud architecture , intra and inter-system connectivity , AI , and blockchain . Thought leaders from international organizations such as GS1 Healthcare will discuss efforts to standardize – and therefore simplify – serialization , and representatives from the Healthcare Distribution Alliance and Medicines for Europe will discuss the push toward regulatory compliance on both sides of the Atlantic .
The track & trace needs of pharmaceutical dispensers will also be addressed , and experts will be on hand to discuss serialization 's far-reaching supply chain implications . Confirmed speakers to date include ( but are not limited to ) :
Paul Slater , Worldwide Director of Industry Strategy , Life Sciences for Microsoft , will present how the newest Microsoft technologies impact the Pharma Industry Greg Bylo , Vice President for GS1 US Healthcare , will present GS1 Standards for interconnected Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Perry Fri , COO & Executive VP of Industry Relations , Membership & Education for the Healthcare Distribution Alliance , presents HDA Origin and Beyond , addressing efforts toward a common , digitized serialization reporting hub for DSCSA compliance Todd Lybrook , Life Sciences Director for Siemens , will discuss various aspects of pharmaceutical digitalization Maarten Van Baelen , Market Access Director at Medicines for Europe , will discuss requirements for the European Hub serialization reporting network and give an update on the level of readiness in the EU . Jeff Denton , Senior Director , IT Global Secure Supply Chain for AmerisourceBergen , will present Serialization Challenges for Wholesalers .
“ Serialization and the data it generates impacts all aspects of pharmaceutical production , from packaging line configurations and production floor OEE to IT architecture , personnel allocation and supply chain procedures , ” said Christophe Devins , CEO & Co-Founder of Adents . “ The Philadelphia Summit brings together experts from various corners of the track & trace landscape and high-level technology evangelists , in an effort to showcase serialization 's significance to various business processes and niches . It 's a way to tell an overarching story through several intertwined chapters . ”
To register for the Philadelphia conference , for which seats are limited , please visit .
# # #
About Adents
Adents is a leading provider of premier serialization solutions for unique product identification and traceability . Adents helps pharmaceutical companies , Contract Manufacturing Organizations ( CMOs ) and their Supply Chain Partners adapt to market changes and comply with regulations on drug traceability .
Adents Seriza , a serialization solution for manufacturing sites , has been selected as a preferred solution by Siemens for its customers . Adents Prodigi , a cloud solution jointly developed with Microsoft and powered by Azure technologies , allows for secure data exchange and helps leverage the power of serialization data .
Adents operates globally , with offices in the United States , Europe and Asia and with a worldwide network of solution partners . For more info , visit www.adents.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005878/en/
CONTACT : Turchette Agency
Christopher Dale
( 973 ) 227-8080 ext . 116
cdale @ turchette.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW JERSEY PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT VENTURE CAPITAL SOFTWARE HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL PROFESSIONAL SERVICES RETAIL
SOURCE : Adents
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 02:30 PM/DISC : 04/24/2018 02:30 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005878/en
Fani-Kayode reacts to US reports on damning human rights violation by Buhari
Former Minister of Aviation , Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the report of human rights violation by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari . DAILY POST had earlier reported that the United States Government released a condemnatory human rights report on Nigeria , ahead of President Muhammadu Buhari 's visit.http : //dailypost.ng/2018/04/24/us-releases-damning-human-rights-violations-nigeria-ahead-buharis-visit/ The former Minister took to his Facebook account on [ … ]
Fani-Kayode reacts to US reports on damning human rights violation by Buhari
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Interested in Donald Trump ? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
President Donald Trump signed legislation Wednesday aimed at helping people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments , calling it a `` fundamental freedom '' that will offer hope and save lives .
Joined by families dealing with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also called Lou Gehrig 's disease , and other diseases , Trump signed the so-called Right to Try bill and said he never understood why the issue had lagged for years and Congress had n't acted sooner .
`` There were no options . But now you have hope — you really have hope , '' Trump said . He noted that `` for many years , patients , advocates and lawmakers have fought for this fundamental freedom . ''
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope . Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope .
As he distributed pens after signing the bill at a small table , 8-year-old Jordan McLinn of Indianapolis , who suffers from muscular dystrophy , waited to embrace the president , drawing laughter in the auditorium when he put his elbow on the table and held up his chin . Trump hugged McLinn and kissed him on the forehead . `` He 's going to be fantastic , '' the president told McLinn 's mother .
The president was joined by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar , Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and some of the bill 's allies in Congress , including Sens . Ron Johnson , R-Wis. , and Joe Donnelly , D-Ind .
Trump had supported efforts to gain access to the treatments during his 2016 campaign . In his State of the Union address , the president said people who are terminally should n't have to travel `` from country to seek a cure . ''
The measure would give people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options the ability to gain access to unproven drugs without first getting permission from the FDA .
New drugs normally undergo years of expensive testing before manufacturers seek and gain FDA approval to market them .
Opponents of the bill said it would empower `` fly-by-night physicians '' to offer false hope and ineffective drugs to patients who are desperate for treatment . They also said that the bill created the incorrect impression that the FDA serves as a bottleneck that deprives dying patients of unproven options .
FDA figures show it approves 99 percent of the roughly 1,000 requests it receives from doctors annually for so-called `` compassionate use '' of such treatments . The process generally takes about four days , but permission can be granted immediately by phone in emergencies .
The bill was supported by the libertarian Goldwater Institute and the conservative Americans for Prosperity , which is backed by the wealthy brothers Charles and David Koch . The bill also offers some legal protections for pharmaceutical companies , doctors or others involved in providing the treatment .
——
On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at https : //twitter.com/KThomasDC
SYN was given media access to Sia 's Melbourne concert on Thursday 30th November at AAMI Park .
Words by Josh Fithall .
THE ARENA lights fade to black , the crowd 's cheers come to a crescendo and the stage curtains are drawn back . Enter Sia – at stage left .
Standing to the back left of the stage in front of an enormous crowd at Melbourne 's AAMI Park , Adelaide-born singer/songwriter Sia Furler is welcomed by an enormous applause . Coming off the back of huge supporting performances from international stars Charli XCX , MØ , and Australia 's own Amy Shark , Sia shies away from the bright lights that fill the stadium , and began her first live Australian show for over five years .
Maddie Ziegler , the ‘ persona ' of Sia 's last two studio albums 1000 Forms of Fear and This is Acting , accompanied her performance once again in an essentially flawless dance routine . Pre-recorded studio takes of each song were shown side-by-side to the live act that had the whole crowd wondering how Ziegler and the rest of the dance crew were able to be so impeccably in time .
As Sia is standing idly unmoved on her pedestal , the music continues to be played , with more recent favourites like ‘ Alive ' , ‘ Elastic Heart ' , and ‘ The Greatest ' . One notable performance was ‘ Diamonds ' , the song written for US popstar Rihanna , as Furler sung it as if it was meant for her and no one else .
The theatrics of the show were incredible to say the least ; from the small video shorts in-between songs , all representing a story being told– one that has come from a dark place but has been turned into some of the most popular and streamed songs of this decade . It is more than just music ; it is an expression , it is art .
Coming to the end of the show , the crowd is given another song that was given to another artist ; a stripped-down version of David Guetta 's ‘ Titanium ' , which ended with a break in the act – Furler changing the final lyric from ‘ I am Titanium ' to ‘ I am Australian ' , which was met to an enormous applause .
The way Sia was able to continually hit long and high notes all night , along with the visual effects and high-energy dance routines , it gave her audience and critics the reason of why she does n't need to conform to pressure to take off her wig , or to be a fully-fledged pop star – she 's truly fearless .
Farmville Downtown partnership is thrilled to present the Third Annual Farmville SOUP Event on Friday , March 23 , 2018 beginning at 6pm at the Longwood Center for the Visual Arts ( LCVA ) . At this event everyone in attendance will be able to vote on proposals , which have been submitted by local community members hoping to win grant money to make their proposal a reality . Tickets cost $ 5 and are available at the door . Local musician Joel Worford will be playing music throughout the night . Longwood Communications professor Alec Hosterman will be on site to photograph the event . “ SOUP is a great opportunity to reach out to the community and give seed money to ideas that never had the chance before. ” says Hosterman
Applications from individuals or organizations ( both non-profit and for-profit ) are being accepted now until February 23 , for three $ 1,000 grants that will improve the community of downtown Farmville . A $ 5 donation at the door of the event will help fund the best proposals presented that night , based on attendees ' votes . The first grant will be crowded funded by ticket sales , where the additional grants will be offered thanks to generous donations from various sponsors .
Examples of proposals include art , urban agriculture , social entrepreneurship , education , technology , etc . We want your brand new and creative ideas ! Link for proposal submissions can be found on farmvilledowntown.com/soup .
Entries will be judged based on the creativity of the idea , the degree to which the proposal will benefit downtown Farmville and the feasibility of its budget . The winning ideas will be implemented under the auspices of the Farmville Downtown Partnership in conjunction with its proposer . Last year 's winning proposals included a Student Artist Mural Project , Community Herb Garden and a Farmville Coloring Book .
Originating in Detroit , SOUP events are now held all over the country as a way to fund creative projects . The events generate discussion about community grant projects and help develop partnerships between applicants and the region . “ We live in a community filled with people who are eager to make a difference. ” said Jen Cox , SOUP coordinator .
Even if you can not submit a proposal , consider joining us on March 23 to vote for your favorite idea and make it a reality ! Contact John Burton , FDP Program Manager with questions : manager @ farmvilledowntown.com Follow our Social Media for more info : Facebook : facebook.com/farmvillesoup Twitter : @ farmvillesoup
Another ‘ interesting ' take from Robert Peston , who writes : “ the life-or-death question for May is whether Shapps and Johnson are in cahoots ” . He claims Shapps met with Boris ' team a few weeks ago to “ discuss matters ” . A Tory source says this is “ totally fabricated , an obvious smear ” . Jake Berry , who is named in Peston 's story , says it is “ fake news ” . Senior May allies say Boris is not plotting any challenge with Shapps . Who briefed Pesto ?
As I have told you , your statement is categorically untrue and # FakeNews @ Peston — Jake Berry ( @ JakeBerry ) October 6 , 2017
As anyone who has read a newspaper or spoken to a Tory MP recently knows , a more pertinent question would be whether Shapps has “ discussed matters ” with supporters of David Davis since the election…
You do n't have to be a professional photographer with expensive equipment to take an awe-inspiring image of the total solar eclipse on August 21.Here are some tips on how to use a filter and the correct settings to get the best image on your smartphone , according to Accuweather .
President Donald Trump wants to close a frustrating 2017 with the first overhaul of the tax code in more than three decades .
Yet after seven months of work , Trump 's plan remains little more than a rough sketch . Despite the haziness of the blueprint , administration officials have held to their pledges that lowering tax rates would spur the creation of millions of jobs and faster economic growth .
The White House maintains that the House and Senate will begin considering a detailed tax overhaul after the August recess with final passage scheduled for November . But after the Republican drive to repeal the 2010 health care law collapsed this summer , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declared that the president had `` excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process . ''
The president told reporters last week , `` I 'm very disappointed in Mitch . ''
Here are the open questions about taxes that will be decided in the coming months :
———
TAX CUTS OR TAX REFORM ?
They 're not the same thing , though Trump seems to use the terms interchangeably .
Tax cuts mean that people simply pay less money to the government . Reform is more complex and more difficult to achieve . It generally involves simplifying the tax code by erasing breaks . With tax reform , the government can , in theory , collect taxes from a broader base of incomes and that enables lower rates .
Tax reform is difficult because the deductions and tax breaks generally have vocal and well-financed supporters who will fight to preserve those benefits .
`` From a political standpoint , the perceived losers are more vocal and louder than the perceived winners , '' said Mark Mazur , director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury Department official in the Obama administration .
This is why the administration might ultimately decide to cut taxes in hopes of boosting the economy , rather than wading through an overhaul .
———
WHAT 'S IN STORE FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS ?
Trump has said he wants tax relief for the middle class .
He has supported doubling the `` standard deduction . '' This essentially means that a greater amount of income would be treated as tax-free and that would help the middle class .
But many elements of the outline the White House submitted in April , like eliminating the estate tax , favor the wealthiest 1 percent of earners . This group would see their after-tax incomes shoot up on average 17.8 percent under the plan , while the middle fifth of taxpayers would get a boost of only 3.3 percent , according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center .
Some people who perceive of themselves as middle class could be surprised by tax hikes . This is because the White House wants to shrink the number of personal tax brackets to three from seven , but it has n't set the income levels for the new brackets .
Marc Short , the White House director of legislative affairs , said the income levels will be set by the House Ways and Means Committee , which will draft and hold hearings on the bill .
———
SO WILL THE DEFICIT RISE ?
Trump and congressional leaders have kept quiet about just how much a tax overhaul could increase the budget deficit . Outside analysts have estimated that the known changes could cause the debt to climb by several trillions of dollars over the next decade . A joint White House and congressional statement released in July says their priority is keeping the deficit at its current projections .
Congress could use accounting gimmicks in the budget process to create space for large tax cuts before the new fiscal year starts in October . However , the gimmicks are n't a long-term solution to a revenue shortfall .
Lawmakers could change how the deficit gets calculated in future years by treating tax breaks that are set to expire this year as permanent . This could add $ 450 billion to the baseline over 10 years , said Marc Goldwein , senior policy director at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
The budget instructions could also allow lawmakers to make both permanent and temporary changes to the tax code .
`` This is one way that they get some of their priorities '' without having to eliminate popular tax breaks , said Kyle Pomerleau , director of federal projects at the right-leaning Tax Foundation .
———
WILL THE PLAN MOSTLY BENEFIT THE RICH ?
One way White House aides say that growth will be improved is by reducing taxes for smaller firms in which a company 's profits double as the owner 's personal income . These are commonly known as `` pass-through '' businesses — and they 're linked with rising income inequality .
Trump 's April guidelines would have this income taxed at a rate as low as 15 percent , the same as its intended rate for all corporate income . The top corporate tax rate is now 35 percent , relatively high compared with similar nations . The administration has also said it would create rules to keep the wealthy from exploiting the lower pass-through rate as a way to reduce their tax rates .
Pass-throughs play a key role in widening income inequality . Research by economists Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez found that the top 1 percent of earners accounted for more than 20 percent of total U.S. income in 2013 , up from 10 percent in 1980 . Of that increase in share of income , 41 percent was due to wealthier people earning money via pass-through firms .
But so far , Trump aides say they have yet to finalize a plan that would support small businesses instead of the rich .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
During February 's first White House press briefing , Sean Spicer brought Gen. Michael Flynn to the podium to address the then-recent Iranian missile test . “ As of today , we are officially putting Iran on notice , ” he told reporters , adding that the administration condemned “ such actions ” as threats to the Middle East and American service members therein . This moment , as Late Night with Seth Meyers pointed out during Wednesday 's episode , was essentially the only highlight of Flynn 's 24 days on the job . That , and the ex-national security advisor 's recent resignation due to his inappropriate communications with the Russian ambassador .
“ 24 days . I use disposable razors longer than that . He did n't even last as long as a David Blaine stunt , ” Meyers joked . “ In all seriousness , now that Michael Flynn 's historic tenure is over , I think it 's only appropriate that we take a moment to look back on his many highlights as America 's national security advisor. ” In other words , the aforementioned remarks at the White House press briefing .
NBC
Aside from this short , sad memorial , Meyers dedicated the rest of the “ A Closer Look ” segment to Flynn 's pre-White House highlights — like that time he led a “ lock her up ” chant about Hillary Clinton at the Republican National Convention . “ We 're saying that because , if I , a guy who knows this business , if I did a tenth of what she did , I would be in jail today , ” he told the Cleveland , Ohio crowd in July .
June 14th , 2017 | Written by : Gene Marrano
A local museum will explore a crucial period in American history next month . WFIR 's Bob Clark reports
6-14 Civil War Wrap # 2-WEB
Being in a FIRST Robotics Competition takes months of work . Oshkosh 's Wave Robotics is winning in more ways than one .
Source : WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Former Packers guard Jerry Kramer has been elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame , the Hall of Fame 's selection committee announced on Saturday .
Kramer played for Green Bay from 1958-68 and won five NFL championships and a pair of Super Bowls with the Packers . He was drafted in the 1958 NFL Draft in the fourth round ( No . 39 overall ) by the team and spent his entire career in Green Bay .
Advertisement
He was a first-team All-Pro selection five times in his career and was voted to the Pro Bowl three times .
“ On behalf of the entire Green Bay Packers organization , I want to congratulate Jerry on this well-deserved honor , ” said Packers President and CEO Mark Murphy . “ I 'm so happy for Jerry . His patience has been rewarded , as he will finally be going into the Hall of Fame after being a finalist 11 times . He was a key part of the offenses on the great Lombardi teams , as well as an outstanding leader . He 's remained actively involved with the Packers over the years and is beloved by our fans . ”
Kramer is the 25th member of the Green Bay Packers organization to be elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame .
Related
Comments
comments
The latest on developments in financial markets ( All times local ) :
9:35 a.m .
Big gains in consumer prices and retail sales are sending bond prices lower and yields higher in early trading . Bank stocks rose along with bond yields , but most other stocks fell .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.51 percent Wednesday , up from 2.47 percent late Tuesday .
The higher bond yields sent high-dividend stocks broadly lower for the second day running . Utilities , real estate companies and phone companies fell more than the rest of the market .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index fell 1 point to 2,336 .
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20 points , or 0.1 percent , to 20,525 . The Nasdaq composite increased 1 point to 5,784 .
More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange .
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , she says , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in her profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' she says .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became his own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' he says . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
Country singer and former The Voice contestant RaeLynn has posted through Instagram that her husband Joshua Davis has enlisted in the military . She mentioned Joshua “ left for basic training to serve in our military and serve his country ” .
Editorial credit : Helga Esteb / Shutterstock , Inc .
It 's no secret California is one of the wealthiest states in the country , but we also have some of the nation 's worst tippers , according to a new study.San Francisco-based payment processing company Square claims many of the nation 's richest states are stingy when it comes to paying their servers.used the company 's data to look at receipts to see just how much people tipped.Idaho topped the list with an average of just over 17 percent tips.California tippers are the fourth worst in the nation at just over 15 percent on average.Massachusetts and Washington D.C. came in the number three and two spots.The country 's worst tippers are in Hawaii , where the average tip is just below 15 percent .
Bavaria waits on Alaba for Real semi-final
Jupp Heynckes says Bayern Munich are waiting on the fitness of left-back David Alaba for Wednesday 's crunch Champions League semi-final , first-leg , at home to Real Madrid .
Alaba , a free-kick expert , sat out Bayern 's final training on Tuesday with a thigh strain , but Heynckes hopes the left-back will be fit .
Corentin Tolisso also needs to shake off a bruised shin to compete for a midfield place .
“ We 'll make a decision about them both early tomorrow ( Wednesday ) as to whether they will be in the squad , ” said Bayern head coach Heynckes .
If Alaba drops out , Brazilian defender Rafinha will start .
Tolisso is expected to start on the bench , if he is fit , with Javi Martinez in the defensive midfield .
James Rodriguez and Thiago Alcantara are competing for a central midfield berth .
Heynckes says Bayern are relishing a home semi-final against a Real team bidding to lift the Champions League trophy for the third straight season .
The Bavarians main task is subduing Cristiano Ronaldo who has scored 15 Champions League games and netted in each of Real 's ten European matches this season .
Real 's goal-scoring superstar has hit the net 42 times in all competitions .
He scored five goals over two legs in Madrid 's 6-3 aggregate win over Bayern in the 2017 quarter-finals .
“ Of course , he 's a big topic for us in the game analysis , ” said Heynckes when asked about Ronaldo .
“ But do n't forget we have Robert Lewandowski , who has scored 39 goals .
“ So you have to ask , how can you stop Lewandowski ? ”
Heynckes says there is no clear favourite for the Allianz Arena clash , but Real have won five of their last six matches against Bayern .
The Spaniards inflicted the Bavarians ' heaviest European home defeat when Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos both scored twice in a 4-0 thrashing in Munich in 2014 .
“ The duel against Real has a great tradition , ” said Heynckes who has coached both clubs to the Champions League title , Real in 1998 and Bayern in 2013 .
“ Of course , the semi-final offers a great stage .
“ There are world-class players on both sides . ”
Defender Jerome Boateng said defeats in the knock-out stages to Real in both 2017 and 2014 will play no role .
“ It 's not an issue for me , it may have been a bit unfair , but you should not quarrel too much with the past , ” said Boateng .
Bayern failed to finish either of last year 's quarter-final defeats to Real with 10 men .
Javi Martinez was sent off in the home leg , which Bayern lost 2-1 , and Arturo Vidal saw red when the Germans went down 4-2 in Madrid after-extra time .
Both were for double yellow cards .
The Germany defender can expect a busy night marking Ronaldo .
“ He is an unbelievable athlete , you can see that when he scores goals and pulls off his shirt , ” said Boateng .
“ He is a top player who has almost no weaknesses .
“ Real are especially dangerous on the counter attack , especially up front . We can only stop him as a team . ”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
According to Codecademy , 2017 might have been the year of re-education . New research from the online coding resource said more than half of its users this year hold a college degree , using their free time to boost their skill set by learning to code .
About 55 % of Codecademy 's users reported having some kind of college degree , showing that tech professionals are finding ways to expand their resume and stay relevant in a constantly changing field .
`` We 're hearing increasingly from people learning to code to get a leg up in their current industry and from people who want to move into tech adjacent fields , '' the report said . `` Considering that this is one of the few sectors of the economy that 's growing , it makes sense . ''
SEE : Hiring kit : Python developer ( Tech Pro Research )
In a survey of part of the site 's 45 million users , about 40 % said they were learning coding skills to enter software development or a similar position . Others said coding was empowering and enabled them to work from home , the report said .
With multiple reports of a tech skills gap , tech professionals may continue to see online courses , like those at Codecademy , as a way to keep up with new programming languages and refresh pre-existing skills . Online courses may also help those without a degree build the skills employers are looking for .
About half of the respondents said they had never taken an university coding course . Of those who had taken an in-person college coding class , 25 % made the switch to online courses because they felt they were a safer space to learn a new skill . The report is coming from users who have already begun learning to code online , but the findings may signal a shift to more online courses as a way to boost tech resumes .
Around 10 % of respondents said they felt happy when learning in a traditional university setting , the report said . Overall , only 5 % of respondents said they were anxious in such a setting , but women were 2.5x more likely to say they were anxious . Online courses may offer women and minorities a chance to learn tech skills without feeling intimidated by typically male-dominated university computer science programs .
The report found that , while women may feel more empowered in online courses , men are more likely to see a pay raise or promotion due to learning how to code . Men are almost 55 % more likely than women to say they made more money due to their new coding skills . Men are 1.5x more likely than women to receive a promotion due to the skills , the survey found .
`` Dozens of programs have sprung up to help women move into careers in tech , but it seems that even when women take all the right steps , they 're not seeing the reward , '' the report said of the findings .
Despite women-targeted programs and adjusted entry-level computer science courses , more may need to be done to fight gender disparity in the tech industry .
Want to use these statistics in your next presentation ? Feel free to copy and paste these takeaways :
55 % of Codecademy users hold a college degree , but are still learning how to code via the online course platform . -Codecademy , 2017 . 40 % said they were learning new coding skills to move into a software development job or similar position . -Codecademy , 2017 . Men are 55 % more likely than women to make more money due to learning how to code . -Codecademy , 2017 .
Stay informed , click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter . Subscribe
Also see
CHEYENNE – A Wyoming elk hunt remains one of the most sought-after opportunities in the West , and the Wyoming Game and Fish Department saw another increase in non-resident applications for the 2018 season . Non-residents submitted 23,080 full-price elk applications for the 7,250 total licenses allocated by Wyoming state law . The number of applications is a 10 percent increase from 2016 .
“ The hunting opportunities in Wyoming are some of the most valued in the world . We 're excited to host hunters in the fall and thank non-residents for their support of Wyoming 's wildlife conservation because they provide the bulk of revenue from license sales , ” Scott Talbott said , Wyoming Game and Fish director . “ The increase in applications also shows how valuable a resource elk hunting is to Wyoming residents . They continue to get 84 percent of all full-price elk licenses . ”
Each January , Wyoming opens a month-long application period for non-residents . The application period is short and the draw is earlier than most other Western states to help non-residents plan their hunts . Non-resident hunters take a chance at 7,250 licenses in the draw . This number is based on commission regulation –but the allocation of general licenses within that varies annually . Each year , wildlife managers provide a preliminary quota of elk licenses for the state ; non-residents receive 16 percent with the remaining 84 percent reserved for residents . The number of general licenses available for non-residents in the draw is the difference between the commission regulation and the 16 % of limited quota licenses . This year , 4,493 general licenses were available , up slightly from 4,443 in 2017 . For 2018 , it took non-residents at least two preference points to draw a general license .
Elk was one of the first hunting applications since license fees were increased . In 2017 , the Wyoming Legislature was making cuts to almost all government and withdrew all general funding for the department , but approved a license fee increase to offset that reduction to maintain current services . Jennifer Doering , Game and Fish license section manager said this increase did n't stifle applications .
“ We saw almost a 1 percent increase this year in applications for full-priced elk ; the bull or any elk license . These applications primarily came from hunters who had preference points and were invested in a Wyoming elk hunt , ” Doering said .
Interest in reduced-price cow/calf licenses also grew with 4,486 non-resident applicants–over a 21 percent increase in the past year , and a staggering 43 percent increase since 2016 . Cow/calf licenses do not require preference points and are allocated through a random draw .
But , more applications do not mean more revenue for Game and Fish . Because of the costs related to credit card processing for both applications and refunds , Game and Fish pays $ 1.8 million dollars a year from its general operating fund for all the draws . These costs are not covered by the application fee , which goes to help pay for wildlife damages , and is barely offset by interest collected ; only $ 220,000 last fiscal year .
“ This is an issue the Wyoming Game and Fish Commission is interested in addressing to be able to reduce administrative costs and to allocate more resources to support wildlife , ” said Greg Phipps , the new Game and Fish chief of the fiscal division . “ There are several options that could help reduce these costs that will be discussed over the coming months . ”
There is one last chance for non-resident elk hunters to pick up a license . After the resident draw is complete , the remaining licenses will be offered through a random leftover draw that both residents and non-residents can enter . No preference points can be used and general licenses are not available . Residents and non-residents have the same odds for drawing a license ; in 2017 , 3,704 elk licenses were issued–52 percent to residents , 48 percent to non-residents . The leftover draw application period is June 25-29 . Most of the licenses available in the leftover draw are from parts of the state where there is more private land and public access is more limited .
The NFL announced the new national anthem policy stating that players were not required to go on the field but if they were , they had to stand for the anthem or their team would be punished . Prominent sport figures liked Steve Kerr criticized the rule .
Many speculated that President Donald Trump had a lot to do with the verdict , and it turns out they were right . The Wall Street Journal reported a phone conversation between Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and Donnie .
“ This is very winning , strong issue for me , ” Jones said Trump told him . “ Tell everybody , you ca n't win this one . This one lifts me . ”
But he continued saying that he does n't get full credibility .
In an order that undercuts federal protections for LGBT people , Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a sweeping directive to agencies Friday to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated .
The guidance , an attempt to deliver on President Donald Trump 's pledge to his evangelical supporters that he would protect religious liberties , effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics are sincerely held .
Under the new policy , a claim of a violation of religious freedom would be enough to override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people , women and others . The guidelines are so sweeping that experts on religious liberty are calling them a legal powder-keg that could prompt wide-ranging lawsuits against the government .
`` This is putting the world on notice : You better take these claims seriously , '' said Robin Fretwell Wilson , a law professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . `` This is a signal to the rest of these agencies to rethink the protections they have put in place on sexual orientation and gender identity . ''
Trump announced plans for the directive last May in a Rose Garden ceremony where he was surrounded by religious leaders . Since then , religious conservatives have anxiously awaited the Justice Department guidance , hoping for greatly strengthened protections for their beliefs amid the rapid acceptance of LGBT rights . Religious liberty experts said they would have to see how the guidance would be applied by individual agencies , both in crafting regulations and deciding how to enforce them . But experts said the directive clearly tilted the balance very far in favor of people of faith who do not want to recognize same-sex marriage .
`` Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law , '' Sessions wrote . `` To the greatest extent practicable and permitted by law , religious observance and practice should be reasonably accommodated in all government activity . ''
The document lays the groundwork for legal positions that the Trump administration intends to take in future religious freedom cases , envisioning sweeping protections for faith-based beliefs and practices in private workplaces , at government jobs and even in prisons .
In issuing the memo , Sessions , a deeply devout Methodist from Alabama , is injecting the department into a thicket of highly charged legal questions that have repeatedly reached the U.S. Supreme Court , most notably in the 2014 Hobby Lobby case that said corporations with religious objections could opt out of a health law requirement to cover contraceptives for women .
The memo makes clear the Justice Department 's support of that opinion in noting that the primary religious freedom law — the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 — protects the rights not only of people to worship as they choose but also of corporations , companies and private firms .
The document also says the government improperly infringes on individuals ' religious liberty by banning an aspect of their practice or by forcing them to take an action that contradicts their faith . As an example , Justice Department lawyers say government efforts to require employers to provide contraceptives to their workers `` substantially burdens their religious practice . ''
The document also calls into question the Johnson Amendment , which bars churches and tax-exempt groups from endorsing political candidates . Trump in May signed an executive order aimed at weakening the enforcement of that law , which he has said penalizes people for protected religious belief .
The Justice Department , in the document , says the Internal Revenue Service may not enforce the Johnson Amendment `` against a religious non-profit organization under circumstances in which it would not enforce the amendment against a secular non-profit organization . ''
The department 's civil rights division will now be involved in reviewing all agency actions to make sure they do n't conflict with federal law regarding religious liberty .
———
Zoll reported from New York .
From Digital Spy
As if Frozen fans were n't already being spoiled – what with a sequel and a musical run on Broadway coming up – there are now whispers of the production heading to the West End .
For the first time in forever , rumour has it that the musical will head to London 's West End after it finishes its run on Broadway next year .
And no , we 're not ready to let the rumour go .
Photo credit : Disney More
According to the Daily Mail 's Baz Bamigboye , the Theatre Royal Drury Lane is eyeing up the production following its proposed renovation .
`` Theatre Royal Drury Lane is theatre 'of interest ' for @ FrozenBroadway - could re-open Drury Lane following restoration in 2020 , '' Bamigboye wrote . `` Early days . ''
Theatre Royal Drury Lane is theatre “ of interest ” for @ FrozenBroadway - could re-open Drury Lane following restoration in 2020.Early days . pic.twitter.com/LHlAQRoaZE - Baz Bamigboye ( @ BazBam ) October 5 , 2017
But if you ca n't wait until 2020 for a West End run , then you could always head over to New York , where Frozen will hit the stage next year .
The long-awaited Broadway adaptation of the Disney classic is set to open at the legendary St James Theatre on March 22 , 2018 , with previews starting on February 22 .
PARIS — What better place for an underhand serve than the French Open ?
The French already have a better name for it than we English speakers . They call it “ un service à la cuillère , ” or a spoon serve .
The trick shot — even rarer than a day without a transport strike in Paris — played a major role in the 1989 French Open , when Michael Chang , just 17 , sprang it on Ivan Lendl in the fifth set of their epic fourth-round match .
Chang was cramping and already had considered and then reconsidered retiring from the match . But his gambit worked like a charm against Lendl , who was 12 years older and the No . 1 seed . Chang won the point at 4-3 , 15-30 , went on to win the match and , even more magically , the tournament .
Jolie Kerr : Reach for the table salt ! When you have a fresh red wine stain , pouring an anthill-style mound of table salt on the spill will help to pull it out of tablecloths ( or furniture or carpets ) . Let it sit for several minutes until you notice that the salt is saturated with wine , then brush it away . Much of the stain should be gone , and any remaining wine can be treated later using Wine Away .
TH : O.K. , so the tablecloth will be fine , but what if someone spills wine on what he or she is wearing ?
JK : The Wine Away will work , but if you do n't have any on hand , flushing the stained part of the clothing with cold running water will at least help to push out a lot of the stain . If you can add some suds to the party , massaging a small amount of dish or hand soap into the stain while flushing it with the water will be even better . If you ca n't get to a sink , or just do n't want to walk around with a wet shirt , Shout Wipes are excellent and super easy to stash in a wallet or purse .
TH : Now moving to eating from drinking : What should I do about all of the inevitable grease and gravy stains I 'm going to cover myself in ?
JK : There are basically two ways you can go with greasy , oily stains : Dab a liquid degreasing product , such as Pine Sol , Lestoil or CitraSolv , on launderable items , or cornstarch for things that ca n't go in the wash. ( The degreasers can also be used on pots , pans and kitchen surfaces that have gotten splatter-y . ) Cornstarch works on grease in much the same way that salt works on red wine : It will absorb it up out of textiles like tablecloths or cashmere sweaters . Lay whatever has gotten greasy on a flat surface , pile the cornstarch on the stain , and let it sit , undisturbed , for 12 to 24 hours before brushing away .
TH : So tomorrow is the first night of Hanukkah . Any specific spill and stain advice for those celebrating ?
JK : That grease stain advice will be crucial for those on latke-frying duty . Also , Hanukkah gelt is super delicious , but it also gets melt-y very quickly , which means lots of little chocolate-y fingerprints tend to get on clothes and upholstered furniture . So here 's a quick tip : Shout laundry pretreatment spray is excellent on chocolate stains . Spray the Shout onto the stained fabric and work it in using a damp light-colored rag or sponge — the chocolate will come right out .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Smarter Living Newsletter A weekly roundup of the best advice from The Times on living a better , smarter , more fulfilling life . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
TH : What other tips or tricks for the holiday party season can you give us ?
JK : If I had to tell people to carry just one thing with them to handle stains on the fly , it would be hand sanitizer . Weird but true . It has a high concentration of alcohol in it , which is a very good stain remover and will work on everything from pen to food spills to blood . Not that you 'd need to get blood stains out of anything during the holidays , of course .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
TH : Stain-cleanup lightning round : Wax ?
JK : Hairdryer to melt , then wipe it up with paper towels .
TH : Lipstick ?
JK : Rubbing alcohol , or that hand sanitizer trick I mentioned .
TH : Coffee ?
JK : Flush with water and massage a tiny amount of dish soap into the stain , or use a Shout Wipe .
TH : And last : Blood ?
JK : Let them bleed out .
TH : O.M.G . Jolie no !
JK : O.K . fine , hydrogen peroxide .
TH : Thank you so much for chatting with me ! Any parting words of advice for living clean in 2018 , physically or spiritually ?
JK : Most people think of cleaning as something they have to do because someone else says so , or shames them into it . If you can flip the script on yourself and think about taking care of your things and your home as a gift you give to yourself , it will make cleaning feel less gruesome and sloggy . And make your bed every day !
For even more , listen to Jolie 's podcast Ask a Clean Person , where she and I recently talked about tackling the holiday 's toughest messes .
What are your tips for getting out impossible holiday stains ? Let me know at tim @ nytimes.com or tweet me @ timherrera .
Have a great week !
—Tim
Best of Smarter Living
How to Make a Gingerbread House This holiday project is easier than you think . Our step-by-step guide will show you how to bake , build and decorate your dream home .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
How to Make Latkes Your bubbe would be proud .
Your Liver Does n't Know It 's the Holidays Think of your liver as the unindulgent relative at your holiday party who does n't like the change in schedule and would rather be in bed .
Is Your Cocktail Making You Sick ? An office party , a violent illness and a medical mystery solved .
How Exercise Can Make for Healthier Fat A single session of exercise may change the molecular workings of fat tissue in ways that , over time , should improve metabolic health .
Five Wine Books to Give This Holiday Season The top choices in this year 's wine books include an essential Champagne guide , an argument to organize wine by soil type and a thin volume of advice .
What We 're Reading
• See what living on $ 100,000 looks like . ( Hint : You 're not missing out . )
• Instead of that iPhone X , you could buy an alpaca … ( And a few other things under $ 1,000 . )
• Get ready for the holidays with this minimalist detox .
• It 'll be tough , but it 's possible to have a booze-free holiday .
• There 's hope for the Type B person .
A `` Celebration of Life '' memorial will take place tonight for three women killed at a veterans facility in Yountville . The victims were mental health workers in a program at the Veterans Home of California.Doctor Jennifer Golick was a therapist , wife and mother to a 7-year-old daughter . Doctor Jennifer Gonzales Sushereba was nearly seven months pregnant . Her husband said she `` will always be remembered for her unconditional love and incredibly giving heart . '' Christine Loeber dedicated her life to helping veterans heal.The women were shot and killed by Army Veteran Albert Wong on March 9 before he took his own life.This evening 's memorial will be held at the Napa Valley Performing Arts Center at Lincoln Theater . It is open to the public.They are expecting quite a turn out tonight and are planning for overflow seating . Families of at least two of the victims have said they will be there . Speakers will include the Mayor of Yountville , Congressman Mike Thompson and an alum of the Pathway Home which is where the three victims worked.There will also be some four-legged friends willing to offer some comfort . `` Beta and myself , as well as several other service dogs and their companions and handlers will be here at the services Monday night , just in case people need an extra little hug , '' said Linda Powers , comfort dog handler.The theater holds 1,200 people and is expected to reach capacity . Doors will open at 4:30 p.m. and seating will be on a first-come , first-serve basis . They have made arrangements to show the ceremony live at a few different locations on the property of the veterans home for those who ca n't get into the theater . They will also be showing it downtown at the Yountville Community Center . The local radio station will be playing it.Safeway has donated drinks and snacks for the crowd to enjoy after the ceremony .
Hammerhead Tuff Grab spearfishing gloves are the toughest warmwater spearfishing gloves available . Tuff Grabs were designed in Hawaii for use in asspetto spearfishing , which involves the diver descending to the bottom and scratching up substrate to attract inquisitive fish . In this style of ambush diving , normal diving gloves only last weeks . Tuff Grabs last months , saving the diver money in the long run .
A full 5-finger , 2mm neoprene glove with reinforced flexible amarra ( synthetic suede ) palm and double-stitched gripped reinforcements offer exceptional durability without sacrificing dexterity . Anti-Slip rubberized grips are sewn into each fingertip and palm , leaving the knuckles open for flexibility . Large batting-glove style Velcro enclosures keep the glove tight .
Tuff Grabs are available in both Deep Reef and Pelagic Shatter camouflage to help make you the ultimate predator .
www.hammerheadspearguns.com
Getty Image
Mark Cuban has never been shy as the owner of the Dallas Mavericks since he bought the team in 2000 . No owner has produced more soundbites ( or has been fined more ) than Cuban since he came into the league .
Cuban 's brashness is something that concerned owners when he was coming into the league , and as he remembers it , they voiced those concerns to him . Specifically , there were some that saw him as similar to Dallas ' other owner Jerry Jones , another brash owner that has a tendency to speak out and make headlines , which is n't something that has been traditionally what sports owners do .
In an upcoming episode of Open Court on NBA TV that premieres at 9:30 p.m . ET on Friday night featuring a roundtable of owners with Cuban , Joe Lacob , Dan Gilbert , Jeannie Buss , Tony Ressler , and Steve Ballmer , Cuban and Buss reflected on when he was first coming into the NBA and how Jim Buss helped back him among other skeptical owners .
Feb. 3 , 2018 — The University of Wyoming lists 77 students from Sweetwater County on the 2017 fall semester academic Dean 's and Dean 's Freshman Honor Rolls .
The honor rolls consist of regularly enrolled undergraduates above freshman standing who earned a 3.4 or better grade-point average , and freshmen who have earned a 3.25 or better grade-point average .
To be eligible , students must have been enrolled for a minimum of 12 credit hours taken for letter grades .
For more information about the University of Wyoming , view the web page at www.uwyo.edu .
Students are :
Bairoil
Gage Allen Clawson
Eden
Kyle A. Sabourin
Farson
Trilby Maxine Applequist
Chelsey Kay Sleight
Green River
Elizabeth Naomi Barker
Brendan Bloomquist
Leigha C. Braden
Averee R. Cobb
Kyler Jaylin Cochrane
Taylor L. Draney
Tyson Eric Erickson
Jesse Ken Evans
Logan S. Fox
Alan Jack Halverson
William J. Harvey
Shannon A. Hlad
Vabsi B. Ibarra
Taten Hall Knight
Colter L. Kofoed
Spencer J. Kurth
Breanna M. Leinen
Kendra F. Lewis
Alexander Jacques Marchal
Riley Mckenzie
Andrew J. Mikesell
Alexis P. Mitchell
Brianna M. Rath
Francheska MarDean Riley
Neiz Alondra Rocha Olivas
Christian T. Smith
Kasey S. Turnbull
Michael A. Wilde
Frederick Nathaniel Wittman
Ezequiel A. Zarate-Garcia
Elliot S. Zimmerman
Reliance
Mikayla Lisa Peterson
Rock Springs
Cody Michael Anderson
Jordan P. Blazovich
Kairee Anne Blazovich
Nicholas Michael Blume
Clay Donald Coleman
Adam James Dewey
Brianna Alexa Diaz
Edison Z . Elder
Jaco Colton Fornengo
Jesse Robert Gray
Presleigh A. Hayashida
Mark Hazelett
Claudia Vanessa Hernandez Marquez
Kelci Jo Howe
Garrett Remington James
Keeri A. Klein
Zachary Allen Koritnik
Koltin Lane Legerski
Anthony R. Lew
Megan Lee Lord
Paige Moore
Alexandra Gene Newman
Emilie Rachell O'Lexey
Scott Robert Phillips
Kristin M. Pomrenke
Holly Marie Provence
Shelby Lynne Ransom
Richelle Rawlings-Carroll
Hayden L. Searle
Alexandra Kassidy Shannon
Rylee C. Smith
Kaycee L. Stevenson
Jonathon Michael Tacke
Tazin D. Tribitt
Nicholas Drake Vliek
Dalton James Vonrembow
Joshua Alexander Wilbert
Tyler Clay Wilkinson
Kyler J. Yerkovich
Bailey Young
Jim Harris has been WYSH 's News & Sports Director since 2000 . In addition to reporting local news , he is the play-by-play voice for Clinton High School football , boys ' and girls ' basketball and baseball . Catch Jim live weekdays beginning at 6:20 am for live local news , sports , weather and traffic plus the Community Bulletin Board , shenanigans with Ron Meredith and more on the Country Club Morning Show on WYSH & WQLA . Jim lives in Clinton with his wife Kelly and daughter Carolina , his mother-in-law and cats Lucius and Oliver .
SAN DIEGO ( KGTV ) - Point Loma neighbors are rallying to save a beloved bike track - a track they 've built with their own hands , but no permits . The track on Famosa and Nimitz Boulevards was threatened on Monday .
“ I rushed over here as quick as I could , ” Darren Miller said . “ I stood in front of the tractor and said , “ I 'm sorry I ca n't let you keep doing this . ”
It 's still unclear who sent the bobcat to level the track . But - the land belongs to the San Diego Housing Commission .
Miller is a parent of two boys and says he started building the track last March after coming across the empty land . He added the jumps and curves , thinking it would become a sort of secret playground .
“ I thought myself and a couple of other dads involved would have a small little track that or six or seven kids knew about . I had no idea that this many people loved it , ” he said .
Monday night several families showed up for a rally to save the park , expressing their affinity for the neighborhood track .
“ This is the most awesome-est place in the world , ” eight-year-old Jude Hudson said , “ So much fun because there are some bumps and curves . ”
Parents agree .
“ We do n't want this to go . This is a good place to be and to exercise and to keep them off their phones . '' Jon Erb said . `` You got parents that come out here on a daily basis , so you got chaperones down here and keeps them away from drugs . ”
When 10News asked what the deal with the empty land was , the San Diego Housing Commission sent the following statement :
“ An unauthorized and unpermitted makeshift bike park was set up by unknown individuals on the undeveloped property that is owned by the San Diego Housing Commission ( SDHC ) at the corner of Famosa and Nimitz Boulevard .
Some of the no trespassing signs placed on the property by SDHC have been removed . Without sufficient insurance , SDHC , a public agency , can not allow the property to be used as a bike park .
The property is being planned to be developed as affordable housing . We are pleased to be working with the Community Planning Group on the future development of affordable housing at this site . ”
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in Monday 's auction to their highest levels since August 2008 .
The Treasury Department auctioned $ 51 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.780 percent , up from 1.670 percent last week . Another $ 45 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.950 percent , up from 1.850 percent last week .
The three-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.850 percent on Aug. 18 , 2008 . The six-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.980 percent also on Aug. 18 , 2008 .
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value . For a $ 10,000 bill , the three-month price was $ 9,955.00 while a six-month bill sold for $ 9,901.42 . That would equal an annualized rate of 1.813 percent for the three-month bills and 1.997 percent for the six-month bills .
Separately , the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills , a popular index for making changes in adjustable rate mortgages , edged up to 2.08 percent Friday , up from 2.05 percent at the beginning of last week on March 12 .
BERLIN ( AP ) — Police say two truck trailers loaded with 44 tons ( 48.5 U.S. tons ) of chocolate were stolen in southern Germany and there 's no sign of the sticky-fingered perpetrators .
Police said Monday the trailers packed with 400,000 euros ( $ 496,100 ) worth of chocolate were stolen from an industrial park in Freiburg on Friday night .
One was found Saturday hauled by a Polish truck that had stopped at a rest area near the German-French border . The driver fled on foot and the trailer was still full of the stolen chocolate .
The second trailer was found in Lahr , also near the border with France . Two thirds of the chocolate — and the thief — were gone .
Police say they 've launched a search for the thieves and are appealing for any witnesses to come forward .
On the former site of the historic Buick City complex in Flint , Mich. the Lear Corp. , a supplier of automotive seating and electrical systems broke ground on October 2 on a new seat manufacturing facility .
Lear 's Flint seating plant will be the first major automotive supplier manufacturing facility constructed in Flint in more than 30 years .
Plans call for the 156,000-sq.ft . facility to begin production of seats by April 2018 .
The facility will employ approximately 600 workers , when it reaches full production .
And 33 % of the 33-plus acre site will be green space .
Lear , which was founded in Detroit in 1917 as American Metal Products , said they chose the Buick City site for a number of reasons including its proximity to the homes of many of its workers , the location of the GM plant , as well as the corporation 's objective to give back to the communities in which it operates .
The Flint area has been hard hit in recent years , and Lear also wants to bring manufacturing back to the area since many manufacturing jobs in Flint have been lost over the past several decades .
“ I have a lot of pride in Flint ; it helped shape who I am today , ” said Ray Scott , executive vice president of Lear , at the groundbreaking . “ We had options for other locations that we considered , but what was important to us was that this was the right thing to do from a community standpoint . To build a modern , state of the art facility at that location is very symbolic and historic . ”
Flint holds sentimental value for Ray Scott , who grew up in Flint and worked while attending the University of Michigan-Flint delivering parts just-in-time to General Motors .
Lear worked with GM and the City of Flint while deciding on the location for the new manufacturing facility . The Michigan Strategic Fund board approved a $ 4.35-million Michigan Business Development Program performance-based grant to support Lear 's $ 29.3-million capital investment at the site , which includes the subassembly and final assembly of automotive seats .
“ We have a long relationship with Lear during its 100 years of business , ” said Tom McMillen , executive director , Interiors & Safety , Global Purchasing & Supply Chain at General Motors .
“ Lear has earned GM 's coveted Supplier of the Year designation 16 times and our partnership continues as we both commit to this next phase for Flint . Our next-generation vehicles to be produced in Flint are our newest step in almost $ 3 billion we have invested in Flint since 2009 . ''
Getting out and about this weekend
We 're gearing up for another busy weekend in the Scenic City . Thursday night enjoy a benefit concert to support Jamaal Woody by Toneharm and The Communicators at The Tap House in St. Elmo at 7 p.m. ( see the music feature for more details ) or slide on over to the Hip-Hop CHA DJ Battle Semifinal , Jam Session and Dance Party at Revelry Room at 8 p.m .
Also , the Bands on the Bluff finale Thursday evening will feature the talents of Laura Walker and the Traveling Tennesseans , Rick Rushing , and Caney Village for a night of “ Blues , Bluegrass , Bourbon and Brews ” from kicking off at 6 p.m .
On Friday at 8 p.m. , Flyunder Entertainment presents Saliva , Kris Bell , and Head Trauma at The Warehouse Concert Lounge and Event Center in Clarksville , TN . Kelle Jolly and Will Boyd will be appearing with Robin Grant at Jazz at the Archway . The show starts at 7 p.m .
Also on Friday , Courtney Daly will be appearing at Full Moon Burger and Bar on the Northshore at 7 p.m. , The Weeks with Junior Astronomers will be at Revelry Room at 8 p.m. , and Milele Roots is appearing at J.J. 's Bohemia at 10 p.m .
On Saturday , Drew Robbins will be performing at Slick 's Burgers at 6 p.m. , Songbirds Guitar Museum is presenting the John Lennon Birthday Celebration Concert at 7 p.m. featuring Ryan Oyer and the Star Band , and the magnificent Dead Deads will appear at J.J. 's Bohemia at 9 p.m. with Sound and Shape and myrgold .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg . Whatever you do , just get out and support the local music and club scene .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
CYPRESS – The CIF-SS semifinal banners from 2016 and 2017 that hang high in the Oxford Academy gymnasium tell visitors all they need to know about the school 's girls basketball team .
The Patriots ' mantra is making the CIF finals or bust , and they continued to play with that mentality Friday night .
Before a deafening homecoming crowd , Oxford Academy used it press and fast break to race past rival Whitney of Cerritos 66-25 and improve to an Orange County-best 23-1 overall .
Oxford Academy ( 23-1 , 10-0 ) , a highly-academic public school in the Anaheim Union High School District , also clinched its third consecutive Academy League title and strengthened its grip on the top ranking in Division 3-A .
“ Winning CIF , that 's always the goal , ” said senior Sophia Chan , who scored a game-high 19 points , including the 1,000th of her four-year career at Oxford .
Chan , sister of Fairmont Prep 's Brittaney Chan , also recorded five of the Patriots ' 20 steals , which fueled the fast break against Whitney ( 6-4 in league ) . Angie Gagnon added six .
Center Austyn Masuno , a 6-foot-2 junior who helped turn around the program three years ago , attracted extra defenders early but broke free to score 13 points on 6-of-13 shooting from the floor . She added 12 rebounds , two blocks and two steals .
Gagnon scored 12 points . Brianna Rodriguez added eight points and eight rebounds and emerging freshman point guard Angie Choi and Mylee Madrazo each scored seven .
Oxford Academy 's only loss came in a 95-56 decision against No . 2-ranked Brea Olinda in the Larry Doyle tournament . The Patriots won their division at the Ocean View tournament , captured their own tournament and hold victories against top teams such as Kennedy and Edison .
Four years ago , Oxford Academy was 0-24 .
“ I 'm excited about this team , ” Oxford third-year coach David Clifton said . “ We have the team that can make the run . We 've worked very hard but fallen short the last two years in the semifinals . … I hung that banner up ( from last year ) just to tell the girls : it 's just not enough . Our goal is the ring . ”
Black Tuesdays as Armed Herdsmen Slaughter 2 Catholic Priests And 13 Worshipers In Benue State
Armed herdsmen attacked St. Ignatius Quasi Parish Ukpor-Mbalom in Ayar-Mbalom community of Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State , killing two Catholic priests and 13 other worshippers on Tuesday . Terver Akase , the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Samuel Ortom confirmed the incident . ” Armed herdsmen this morning in Mbalom , Benue State , slaughtered two catholic priests [ … ]
The post Black Tuesdays as Armed Herdsmen Slaughter 2 Catholic Priests And 13 Worshipers In Benue State appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP ) — The U.S. military says that an American soldier has died as a result of injuries sustained during a vehicle incident in eastern Afghanistan .
A statement released by the U.S. forces on Tuesday says that two other American service members were injured in the incident , which took place in eastern Nangarhar province on Monday .
According to the statement , the U.S. forces were not in contact with enemy forces at the time . It says the injured soldiers are receiving medical treatment .
The statement added that U.S. Gen. John Nicholson , commander of the U.S. troops in Afghanistan , expressed his deepest sympathies and prayers to the families and friends of the fallen and injured service members .
It provides no further information . The military did not identify the dead service member .
Ambode 's wife counsels mothers on children 's immunisation
By Monsur Olowoopejo
Lagos—Wife of Lagos State Governor , Mrs. Bolanle Ambode yesterday urged mothers to always immunize their children against killer diseases , just as she encouraged pregnant women to cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection .
Mrs Ambode , who spoke during the presentation of gifts to first babies of the year at three different health centres in the state , said it was important for mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization , while expectant mothers should always attend ante and post natal clinics .
The wife of the governor , during the celebration , presented gifts to first babies of the year at Badagry General Hospital , Amuwo Odofin Maternal and Child Centre and Lagos Island Maternity Hospital .
The annual First-Baby-of-the-Year celebration started in 2000 and the Office of the First Lady , through the initiative , celebrates the first baby born from 12 midnight on new year 's eve .
Speaking at the occasion , Mrs Ambode said nursing mothers should take advantage of routine immunization provided by the State Government through the primary healthcare centres to protect their children .
She said : “ I would like to encourage mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization available in all the primary healthcare centres across the State , and to also make good use of family planning services .
“ Expectant mothers should cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection and should attend ante natal and post natal clinics regularly , ” she noted .
Mrs Ambode , however , counseled parents on the importance of birth registration upon delivery .
Earlier in his remarks , the commissioner for health , Dr. Jide Idris , noted that the administration of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode was committed to meeting the health needs of the residents of Lagos State .
The post Ambode 's wife counsels mothers on children 's immunisation appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the `` activate now '' button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Mr. Beaufoy , who collaborated with Mr. Boyle and Mr. Colson on the Academy Award-winning film “ Slumdog Millionaire , ” said in a telephone interview that he had become fascinated with the kidnapping after reading an article four or five years ago . “ I started delving into the mystery about how no one would pay a ransom , ” he said . “ The more I delved , the more interesting it became : The complexity of these ridiculously wealthy people who were so locked in their own pain that they could n't just write a check . ”
Although Mr. Beaufoy was about to embark on another project for FX , he proposed the Getty kidnapping as a potential series . “ I thought about it for television from the beginning because it was so complex , ” he said . “ The generational issues needed those 10 episodes . And the story was so apposite too now to the crazy wealthy element of our society , that I felt I should do it right away . ”
Photo
FX agreed . “ It was really their larger ambitions that drew us in , ” Gina Balian , executive vice president of series development at FX Networks and FX Productions , said in an email . “ It felt like their approach to exploring how money influences family bonds would be original and not another story that idealizes the wealthy and powerful of this world. ” After seeing early scripts , Ms. Balian said that it was “ an easy decision ” to greenlight the show .
Mr. Boyle had begun casting — signing up Hilary Swank as Gail Getty , Paul 's mother , and Brendan Fraser as the former C.I.A . operative James Fletcher Chace , who was Getty Sr. 's security specialist — when it emerged that Mr. Scott was making a movie on the same subject . Although FX ultimately pushed back the series release date from January , to put some distance between “ Trust ” and the December opening of “ All the Money in the World , ” there was no erosion of confidence from network executives , Mr. Boyle said , adding that they felt that a 10-part series was quite a different beast from a two-hour film .
It 's definitely a lot more experimental . Episode 8 is spoken entirely in the Calabrian dialect of Paul 's kidnappers . In several episodes , Chace speaks directly to the audience ( shades of “ House of Cards ” ) , offering an epoch-spanning perspective on the events depicted during the rest of the show .
“ I mentioned that it 's like Chace has a prescience , like he is a time traveler , ” Mr. Fraser recounted in a telephone interview . “ That developed into a touch of magical realism . ”
Photo
In the first three episodes , which Mr. Boyle directed , the plethora of characters , split screens and montages of often-puzzling , nonlinear events eventually begin to resolve into a coherent story line : Paul , badly in debt to drug dealers , has planned his own kidnapping to raise money from his famously tightfisted family , then becomes a helpless victim as events spiral out of control . ( This offers a different perspective to “ All the Money , ” which paints Paul as a victim from the outset . )
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ The more research I did , the more I realized he arranged his own kidnapping , ” Mr. Beaufoy said . “ It was a huge attention-seeking device ; they 'll pay because they love me . It became an extraordinary metaphor for the third generation saying , pay some attention to me , show me some love . ”
But only Gail , Paul 's mother , seems to have any love to give , and is the only one who desperately fights for her son 's release . “ There is probably nothing as scary as something happening to your child when you do n't know what the outcome will be , ” Ms. Swank said during a day filming Gail 's meeting with Walter Annenberg , the American ambassador in London at the time .
“ I felt that what was important was that Gail is the story 's emotional anchor , for all those others who treat the kidnapping like a business transaction , ” Ms. Swank said in a subsequent telephone interview . “ From being someone who was dependent on others , she has to take charge because no one else is going to . What does she have to do to get her son out alive ? ”
Photo
One of the things she has to do is persuade Getty Sr. to agree to provide the ransom , which was reduced to about $ 3 million . When it was suggested to Mr. Sutherland that Getty Sr. was perhaps not the nicest of men , he fiercely defended his character 's choices .
“ I have huge respect and admiration for him , ” Mr. Sutherland said . “ He did what he did himself , he worked on oil rigs , and he was desperately anxious to have his children carry on what he had worked so relentlessly — not ruthlessly — to achieve . He offered the children everything , and instead they did n't work and took drugs , and he gave up on them . ”
Ultimately , Mr. Boyle said , the story is about willpower . “ It 's the willpower of each of the individual characters , the willpower exercised between old Paul and his grandson , first as one tries to get money from the other , then extending into different arenas , some tragic , ” he said . “ The joy of working in this format is that you can show how complicated any narrative can be . ”
Or as Mr. Sutherland put it : “ To try to capture the truth of a human being , la condition humaine , it 's the most extraordinary business in the world . ”
NYON , Switzerland ( AP ) — Europa League final host Lyon is at risk of a one-season ban from UEFA competitions after more fan disorder .
UEFA says it has charged Lyon for incidents including `` racist behavior '' and `` crowd disturbances '' at a Europa League home game against CSKA Moscow on Thursday . Lyon was eliminated from the competition and lost the chance to reach the final at home .
The French club could be barred from Europe when UEFA makes a judgment on the case .
Last April , UEFA put Lyon on two-year probation after fan disorder delayed a Europa League quarterfinal match against Besiktas .
Lyon is currently fourth in France , competing with third-place Marseille to play in the qualifying rounds of the Champions League or the group stage of the Europa League .
Every now and then there 's a visual exploration of to Choose Your Own Adventure series . It seems that each gets a bit more complex , so I appreciate the simplicity of these official maps from Chooseco , which shows the structure of each book . Atlas Obscura provides the details .
On the official maps , however , the endings are n't coded in any way that reveals their nature . Instead , they operate according to a simple key : each arrow represents a page , each circle a choice , and each square an ending . Dotted lines show where branches link to one another .
The one above is for Journey Under the Sea . I need to dig up my CYOA collection .
What : Pulitzer Prize-winning author of `` The Sympathizer '' in conversation about his life and work . Question and answer session and book signing .
Viet Thanh Nguyen is on the kind of roll any author might envy . “ The Sympathizer , ” his 2015 debut novel , won the Pulitzer Prize for Literature . Last year his non-fiction work , “ Nothing Ever Dies : Vietnam and the Memory of War , ” was a finalist for the National Book Award .
Now comes a short story collection titled “ The Refugees , ” which arrived last week to great anticipation , which makes Nguyen , who will be featured in the Register Book Club 's next forum on Tuesday , a very hot writer indeed , though he laughs as explains that this seeming flurry of rapid activity actually has been gestating for years .
“ It 's an illusion because these books were written over 17 or 20 years , ” says Nguyen by phone from Washington D.C. where he was attending a writers ' conference between stops on his book tour . “ They just happen to be coming out at the same time .
“ I 'd have preferred it had been every five or six years but there is something to be said for just throwing the books out there all at once to get people 's attention . ”
Especially , we suppose , when the attention has been so uniformly positive on the manner in which Nguyen , 45 , has artfully presented new stories about the Vietnamese experience , from the war years to the scattering of refugees when it ended in 1975 and tens of thousands – including the 4-year-old future author and his family – were resettled in the United States .
Nguyen 's books touch on the kinds of common human experiences that any immigrant or refugee might go through , which with his own life 's story gives him a particular insight into the current debate over such matters . And their freshness to readers comes partly from the fact that Nguyen 's perspective on Vietnam , the war and the people , represents a shift in perspective from the American observer to the Vietnamese .
“ Even before movies , the first thing that I saw that signaled to me that how I thought about Vietnamese people was not the same as how other Americans thought about Vietnamese people was in San Jose , when I was very young , ” says Nguyen , whose family after initially being resettled in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , moved to Northern California . “ My parents had opened perhaps the second Vietnamese grocery store in the city , and one day I was walking near their store and in another store window I saw a sign that said , ‘ Another American driven out of business by the Vietnamese . '
“ I thought , ‘ Well , this is not my perception of things , ” he says . “ And that sense that there were Americans out there who thought we were a danger to them was reinforced when I began reading American accounts of the war and watching American movies . ”
Nguyen , who is a professor of English and American studies and ethnicity at the University of Southern California , describes how he first saw the movie “ Apocalypse Now ” when he was 10 or 11 years old , and how alien it seemed to the stories that his parents and others in the Vietnamese-American community told about the war .
“ After watching I think just about every American movie ever made about the Vietnam War , and reading a lot of the important fictional accounts , I realized that in these accounts at best the Vietnamese were usually voiceless and there to be rescued or killed , and at worst they were gooks , ” he says . “ And I understood that it was this version of American images of the Vietnamese that led directly to seeing that sign in the storefront .
“ So I 've always seen my writing as an attempt to both counterattack the stories that we see on page and on screen , and to counteract their manifestation in the real world in things like that racist sign . ”
“ The Sympathizer , ” which tells the story of a North Vietnamese spy working with a South Vietnamese general , both during the war and after in California , grew directly out of that feeling that within many Vietnamese Americans there is a duality – “ a double consciousness , ” as Nguyen says the African-American scholar W.E.B . DuBois wrote years ago , by which a member of a minority group “ sees himself through his own eyes and then through the eyes of white people as well .
“ So in my novel I set down that idea by DuBois because I thought it was true of my own condition , and turned that into a statement for my character as a man who is divided in many , many different ways , ” Nguyen says .
The short story collection “ The Refugees ” presents more of these kinds of moments , as its characters deal with the uncertain lives they 've found , lives for which they are grateful , often while struggling to reconcile present with past . The story “ War Years , ” which Nguyen says is the only autobiographically inspired work he 's ever written , that conflict is played out in ways familiar to any community with a large population of Vietnamese Americans , where some would just as soon forget the war while others simply ca n't .
In many ways his books speak to the current controversies over banning immigrants and refugees from different countries or faiths , and connects it to similar tensions throughout American history .
“ It is very American to welcome in immigrants and refugees , ” Nguyen says . “ We have a strong tradition of doing that . But at the same time we also have a very strong tradition of xenophobia and racism that is not an accident , not an aberration , it 's actually fundamental to American history and the American character . ”
He mentions such moments in our history as the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 or the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II as well as the most recent examples of the current ban on immigrants and refugees sought by President Donald Trump but for now halted by the courts .
“ When California was actively against the Chinese in the 19th century they thought the Chinese were an existential threat to American culture , ” Nguyen says . “ So it 's not new . Only now , 150 years later , and we think , ‘ Oh , the Chinese are actually very assimilable , and of course they 're a model minority . ' We 've almost totally forgotten that there was once this very strong hatred against the Chinese . ”
To that end , Nguyen says Americans need to remember this past as well as the nation 's history of opening its arms to welcome the world , before more immigration is shut off in the future .
“ We have to recognize this for those of us who are in favor of immigration , in favor of letting in refugees , ” he says . “ To point out to people that this ban against Muslims is not simply going to stop with them , it 's just the opening salvo . ”
Contact the writer : 714-796-7787 or plarsen @ scng.com
ALBANY , N.Y. ( AP ) — Former `` Sex and the City '' star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions .
In a video on Twitter , the public education advocate said , `` We want our government to work again . ''
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the `` anti-Trump party . ''
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues .
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll .
Vitafoam presents gifts to first babies of 2017 at Lagos Island Maternity
THE first three babies of 2017 born at the Lagos Island Maternity , were the centre of attraction on New Year 's Day , during the presentation of gifts by the management of Vitafoam Nigeria Plc .
Two of the babies were born at exactly 12.01am on January 1 , 2017 . One of the babies , weighing 3.1 kg , was delivered by Mrs. Adenike Akande , an Administrative Personnel , while the other , weighing 3.0 kg , was delivered by Mrs Oluwatoyin Oluwadamilare , a school teacher .
The third baby , delivered at 12.03am by Mrs Saidat Salaudeen , also a school teacher , tipped the scales at 3.1kg . All the babies are male .
Presenting the gifts that included wooden baby cots , matteresses , pillows , duvet , baby pillows , feeders , etc. , the Group Managing Director/CEO Vitafoam Nigeria Plc , Mr Taiwo Adeniyi said Vitafoam has been known over the years for good quality .
“ We pride ourselves in the fact that we associate with the society because the company 's existence is highly dependent on society . Over the years , we have identified that we need to give back to society so as a way of our corporate social responsibility , we do this annually , identify with the first babies of the year , by giving them our products .
For us , it is a significant day and one of opportunity to give back to society as we have been dong for more than a decade . Every first day of the year , we are here with gifts for the 1st , 2nd and 3rd babies of the year .
Hospital matteresses were also donated with the aim of ensuring that the facility is in a good state .
Noting that Lagos Island Maternity is widely acknowleged as the baby factory of Lagos State , Adeniyi said the gesture was significant , because , if babies are not being born , there would be no continuity in the country .
“ We want to be part of that continuity . Vitafoam has been around for over 50 years , so it is a way to bond with the babies . Obviously their parents would tell them that when they were born , the first bed they slept on was Vitafoam , so Vitafoam becomes part of that baby as he/she grows up . He urged government to uplift the health industry .
In a comment , the Managng Director , Lagos Island Maternity , Dr Imosemi O. Donald said Island Maternity , Lagos , and Vitafoam were traditional partners .
“ They have , over the years identified with us especially in the area of the first baby of the year celebration . For them , the belief is that a baby that is born healthy and starts off healthy and will grow into a citizen that the country will be proud of .
“ Apart from our corporate social responsibility , their major line of products have to do with newborn babies . So by coming to identify with such babies and their mothers , they are playing their own role in ensuring that mothers appreciate the need to continue to nurture their newborns and untimately into adulthood .
He said the partnership has been beneficial especially for babies born on New Year 's day .
The post Vitafoam presents gifts to first babies of 2017 at Lagos Island Maternity appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ARLINGTON , TEXAS | The 81st annual Cotton Bowl Classic between Western Michigan and Wisconsin is just about set to kickoff inside AT & T Stadium . I 'll continue to provide updates thoughout the afternoon as the Badgers look to bounce back from their loss to Penn State in the Big Ten Championship . # 15 Western Michigan brings a perfect 13-0 record into this game . The # 8 Badgers are 10-3 .
Advertisement
Related
Comments
comments
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — A man has been indicted by a grand jury on murder charges in the death his girlfriend 's son – 6-year-old Zymere Perkins – in Harlem last fall .
Rysheim Smith , 42 , was charged in a New York State Supreme Court indictment with second-degree murder , first- and second-degree manslaughter , and endangering the welfare of a child , according to the Manhattan District Attorney 's office .
He was also charged with endangering the welfare of a second child whom he allegedly left unattended on Aug. 31 , 2015 .
Zymere died on Sept. 26 , and the New York City Medical Examiner 's office ruled that his death was caused by fatal child abuse syndrome – meaning Zymere had evidence of acute and chronic abuse in the form of fresh injuries and old scars .
Court documents indicated that beginning in June 2015 , Smith repeatedly assaulted Zymere . Over the next 15 months , prosecutors alleged that Smith frequently beat the boy with a broomstick and other objects , and punched him in the ribs and stomach .
The day Zymere died , prosecutors alleged Smith severely beat him with sticks and other objects , hung him on a clothes hook by the neck of his shirt , threw him against a wall , and left him for hours without medical attention .
Zymere 's mother , Geraldine Perkins , 26 , has been charged with child endangerment in the case .
The Administration for Children 's Services has also taken heat in the case , following allegations that the agency failed to take action despite multiple contacts with Zymere 's mother and her boyfriend .
A report on the state investigation into Zymere 's death , released in December , detailed five complaints of abuse and neglect that ACS investigated involving Zymere .
The ACS complaint reports contained repeated claims of drug and alcohol abuse by Zymere 's family , excessive corporal punishment , and inadequate guardianship of Zymere by his mother and her boyfriend , the state said .
“ The level of casework activity for all cases was insufficient and was particularly lacking given the family circumstances , ” the OCFS report said .
Following the release of the state report , Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that three ACS employees involved in Zymere 's case had been fired , and the city had also moved to suspend and demote six more employees .
De Blasio further announced that a new “ independent monitor ” would watch over the agency , as the state ordered . The ACS vowed to institute stronger vetting to hire the right people , as well as enhanced training , lower caseloads per employee , and more managerial oversight within ACS .
5:48pm
Yachats Fire-Rescue is racing south on Highway 101 south of Yachats at Bob Creek , on a report that two young males are stuck either in or just outside a cave facing the ocean at that location . Yachats Fire-Rescue is enroute .
5:52pm
Coast Guard Rescue Helo in Newport has been notified so they can launch immediately if needed .
6:03pm
Rescuers say they ca n't get to the two trapped males . Coast Guard helo out of Newport has been given a “ go ” to launch and rendezvous at Bob Creek State Park , six miles south of Yachats in Lane County .
Ca n't find them .
7:35pm
Rescuers now say they 've spotted the two . A rope rescue team has been dispatched to the scene at Bob Creek State Park .
8:02pm
The rescue is gathering right at mile post 170 , six miles south of Yachats .
Bringing back smiles on the face of every citizen , the Under 19 Indian cricket team lifted the ICC U19 World Cup for the fourth time by beating Australia in Bay Oval , New Zealand . The two teams were locking horns to clinch the world cup for the fourth time .
Bringing back smiles on the face of every citizen , the Under 19 Indian cricket team lifted the ICC U19 World Cup for the fourth time by beating Australia in Bay Oval , New Zealand . The two teams were locking horns to clinch the world cup for the fourth time . From Indian team 's side , Manjot Kalra remained untouchable to the Australian bowlers . Kalra scored 101 runs in just 102 balls and his total included eight 4 's and three 6 's in the innings . The second Indian player to get the most number of runs for the team was Havik Desai who scored 47 runs on 61 balls .
From India 's side , all-rounder Manjaot Kalra put up spectacular innings with his bat on the field . Kalra 's century in mere 102 balls helped India lift the World Cup for the 4th time . Following a beautiful victory against Australia , Delhi boy Manjot Kalra was chosen as Man of the Match . In the final ICC U19 World Cup match , Australia had scored 216 runs in 47.2 overs . Meanwhile , India made 220 runs in just 38.5 overs with 8 wickets to spare . Apart from Kalra , Indian batsman Shubman Gill from Punjab was chosen as the Player of the Tournament who scored 31 runs in 30 balls in the final match . U19 team India captain , Prithvi Pankaj Shaw from Maharashtra scored 29 runs in 41 balls . India thus became the first nation to win the ICC U19 World Cup four times . They had earlier won the title in 2000 , 2008 and 2012 .
Soon after U19 team , India lifted the cup the wishes started pouring in for the Indian team from all the corners of the country . Starting from the BCCI which also announced rewards for the coach Rahul Dravid and other team members . As per reports , BCCI announces prize money for India U19 team . Rahul Dravid , Head Coach India U19 to be awarded Rs 50 lakh , team members , and support staff to get Rs 20 Lakh each .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — An interactive map found online can show the locations and activities of people who use fitness devices such as Fitbit , raising security concerns about soldiers and other people who are at U.S. military bases in sensitive areas .
The Global Heat Map , published by the GPS tracking company Strava , uses satellite information to map the locations and movements of subscribers to the company 's fitness service over a two-year period , by illuminating areas of activity , The Washington Post reported Sunday .
Strava says it has 27 million users around the world , including people who own widely available fitness devices , as well as people who directly subscribe to its mobile app . The map is not live , but shows a pattern of accumulated activity between 2015 and September 2017 .
The map shows a great deal of activity in the U.S. and Europe . But in war zones and deserts in countries such as Iraq and Syria , the heat map becomes almost entirely dark — except for scattered evidence of activity .
A closer look at those areas brings into focus the locations and outlines of well-known U.S. military bases , as well as other lesser-known and potentially sensitive sites — possibly because American soldiers and other personnel are using fitness trackers as they move around .
The Global Heat Map was posted online in November 2017 , but the information it contains was only publicized recently .
The data could provide information to someone who wants to attack or ambush troops , the Post reported .
Military officials are looking into the situation to determine how to respond
`` DoD takes matters like these very seriously and is reviewing the situation to determine if any additional training or guidance is required , and if any additional policy must be developed to ensure the continued safety of DoD personnel at home and abroad , '' Maj. Audricia Harris , a Defense Department spokeswoman , told The Associated Press .
One person was fatally shot at the scene of a house fire early Tuesday and a suspect was arrested after holing himself up for two hours inside the burned home south of downtown Los Angeles , authorities said .
Firefighters heard gunshots after quickly knocking down the flames in the two-story structure shortly around 4:30 a.m. in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood , Fire Department officials said .
Police and sheriff 's deputies set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes during a standoff with the suspect .
Police Officer Chris No confirmed one fatality in the shooting but did n't know whether the victim was a man or woman .
The suspect appeared to have suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound and was taken into custody shortly before 7 a.m. , officials said .
There were no reports of injuries to firefighters or police officers .
Four adults and a child were displaced by the blaze , and the American Red Cross was sent to assist them , according to fire officials .
Tonight – Mosly cloudy , with a low around 21 . Breezy , with a west southwest wind 13 to 18 mph , with gusts as high as 28 mph .
Tuesday – Partly sunny , with a high near 40 . Breezy , with a west wind 11 to 16 mph , with gusts as high as 24 mph .
Tuesday Night – Mostly cloudy , with a low around 27 . West wind 5 to 13 mph becoming south southwest after midnight . Winds could gust as high as 20 mph .
Wednesday – Partly sunny , with a high near 51 . South southwest wind 5 to 14 mph , with gusts as high as 21 mph .
Wednesday Night – A 20 percent chance of showers before midnight . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 33 . Breezy , with a west southwest wind 5 to 15 mph becoming south southeast after midnight . Winds could gust as high as 23 mph .
Thursday – A slight chance of rain and snow showers before 7 am , then a slight chance of snow showers between 7 am and 9 am , then a slight chance of rain showers after 9 am . Mostly cloudy , with a high near 53 . Breezy , with a south wind 6 to 11 mph increasing to 12 to 17 mph in the afternoon . Winds could gust as high as 26 mph . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
PM says flare-up in which dozens of rockets and mortars were fired at Israel over , IDF dealt severe blow to Gaza terrorists .
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu told the Security Cabinet Wednesday that the recent flare-up with Gaza ended with Israel having the upper hand .
The Cabinet convened following the firing of dozens of rockets and mortar shells at Israel by terrorist organizations in Gaza Tuesday .
In light of the criticism voiced by ministers and MKs on the manner and intensity of the IDF 's response , the chief of staff present at the meeting presented the ministers with the positions that the IDF attacked in retaliation and claimed that these were quality targets and that the terrorist organizations were severely damaged .
According to reports , Chief of Staff Eizenkot told the cabinet that Israel had succeeded in preventing Iran from dragging the IDF into a broad confrontation in the Gaza Strip rather than focusing on the northern sector and Iran 's attempts to establish a permanent military presence on Syrian soil .
Earlier this evening , the IDF Spokesperson issued a video summarizing the blow Israel had dealt the terrorist infrastructure in Gaza in response to the rocket and mortar barrage .
The commander of the IDF Southern Command , Maj. Gen. Eyal Zamir , said at a training course for commanders in Tze'elim : `` We have attacked very high value targets ​​that we have been waiting for the opportunity to strike , and I think that at this point in time we have made a very great achievement here . ''
`` On the other hand , we have to say that there were quite a few barrages that were fired at our outposts . Most of the rockets were intercepted by Iron Dome or fell in open areas . ( There are ) still deep deterrents against the terrorist organizations and Hamas , and as I said at the outset - they are unwilling to reach a broad campaign , '' he added .
TEMPE , Ariz. -- They say no good deed goes unpunished .
Make that no good deed goes unnoticed .
Arizona Cardinals tight end Jermaine Gresham 's act of kindness toward a fellow traveler Wednesday saved her from missing a flight and has caught the attention of social media .
A little after 4:30 p.m . ET , Delilah Cassidy tweeted about a potential travel disaster that ended with a chance interaction with Gresham , who essentially swooped in to save her day , all for $ 50 .
Cassidy , who according to her Twitter profile attends law school at Arizona State , was boarding a flight when she was informed by the American Airlines gate agent that she would have to pay to carry on her bag . She tried to consolidate her bags , but after measuring , the gate agent told her she would have to pay $ 50 .
Cassidy , who had just returned from a European trip , said her credit cards were n't working . She tried to pay cash at the gate , but the agent told her she 'd have to go back to the ticket counter to pay with cash . That would 've meant missing her flight .
She tried to plead with the gate agent , who would n't budge . Then Gresham , whom Cassidy did n't recognize , came up and asked how much the charge was . He was told $ 50 and said , `` I got it , '' as Cassidy tweeted .
`` I 'm astonished and tell him it 's fine not to worry and he hands the lady his card as the American Airlines employees stand in silence shocked by this man 's generosity . They swipe the card and he tells me to have a great flight and hop on board , '' Cassidy tweeted .
Once on board , she tried to offer Gresham , whom she still did n't recognize , cash as she passed by him in first class . He would n't accept it and told Cassidy to pay it forward .
`` I 'm crying as I write this and as I board the flight . This man was an angel , '' she tweeted .
It was n't until after her flight that she found out the man who helped her was Gresham .
That tweet of her photo with Gresham has been liked more than 11,000 times .
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers .
Over 20,000 CEO , Equity Analyst and Money Manager Interviews
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan . Greystone is a planned unit development that encompasses more than just the residential area .
In the late 1980s , Daniel Corporation CEO Charlie Tickle sought out what other neighborhoods were doing and found the idea for Greystone , a retail developer community .
“ We took the ideas we learned from that trip and came back and said , ‘ There 's nobody else to do it , so we 've got to do it ourselves , ' ” Tickle said .
Construction on the now more than 3,000-home development started in 1997 , and 17 years later , all of the home lots were sold .
“ It was just a record pace I do n't think ever will be met again , ” Tickle said .
Dave Porter , general manager of the Greystone Golf and Country Club , said the community stands out due to its private club , a variety of custom homes and home prices , and a community spirit where residents care for each other and rally around charitable causes . The piece of land where Greystone is located , up against Double Oak Mountain and surrounded by woods , also sets it apart , Porter said .
Greystone is a planned unit development that encompasses more than just the residential area . It includes two main segments , Greystone Founders and Greystone Legacy , as well as 24 miles of private roads , two golf courses , two fire stations , multiple parks and walking trails and an elementary school .
“ Of course , with all of that , at the time it was unincorporated [ Shelby County ] so to round out all of that , we knew we needed a school system , ” Tickle said . “ So that 's what birthed the idea of getting into the Hoover school system . ”
Daniel Corporation owned a lot of commercial property on U.S. 280 at that time , Tickle said , and worked with the city of Hoover to have that property and Greystone annexed into the city .
“ It was certainly the right decision at the time , ” Tickle said . “ Hoover took a gamble on us , and we took a gamble on Hoover , and certainly from our standpoint , it has worked out well . ”
Even though Daniel Corporation sold the last lot a decade ago , Tickle said homes are retaining their values . Greystone remains a “ nice , mature , stable ” neighborhood , he said , that is re-energized by new events , rather than new structures .
Since he arrived in 2015 , Porter said Greystone has worked to build a service culture for residents by offering new member services including a barber , tailor and car wash. Those will hopefully continue to grow in the future , he said .
“ The plans for the future of Greystone include primarily growing our membership , continuing to improve our physical assists for members to enjoy , improve quality and service regularly , so it never gets stagnant , and create a focus on lifestyle , which will then support the other primary initiatives , ” he said .
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — For Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , the next few days will be a reassurance tour with a twist .
As much he 'll tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO , he also is expected to visit Europe with a hand out , hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments and greater assistance in military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
Mattis also will field questions on national security adviser Michael Flynn 's resignation over his pre-inauguration discussions with Russia , and what the change means for U.S. policy on Moscow .
Speaking to reporters on the way to a NATO defense ministers ' meeting , Mattis said Flynn 's departure `` has no effect at all '' on him .
`` Frankly , this has no impact , '' he said . `` I have n't changed what I 'm heading there for . It does n't change my message at all . Who is on the president 's staff is who I will work with . And so , you know , it 's full speed ahead . ''
Mattis also reinforced earlier comments he 's made on NATO 's importance .
Calling it `` the most successful military alliance in history , '' he told reporters on the plane that `` our commitment remains to NATO . '' But he said allies need to discuss increasing their military funding to the benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product .
After spending his first official trip telling America 's Asian allies they would n't be abandoned , Mattis is on a similar journey in Brussels and Munich this week , where he will have to address the mixed messages from President Donald Trump on the value of NATO before and after he took office .
`` I think there will be a lot of reassuring words spoken over the next week , '' said Derek Chollet , a former senior defense official who is now senior adviser at the German Marshall Fund .
Nations want Mattis to maintain the U.S. commitment to providing military support and troops to bolster Poland and the Baltics , who feel threatened by Russia , he said . While Mattis ' words may provide some comfort , Chollet said : `` It will leave the question : What does the president think ? If anything , the sum total of all of this will just perpetuate the confusion . ''
Wednesday marks Mattis ' first NATO meeting as defense secretary . During his Senate confirmation hearing last month , the retired Marine general said he wanted the U.S. to `` maintain the strongest possible relationship with NATO . ''
With remarks such as those , Mattis has distanced himself from Trump 's criticism of the military alliance and threats that the U.S. might not defend allies that do n't fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members .
Mattis , however , is aligned with Trump 's call for the 27 NATO members to meet the defense spending requirement . Only a few are currently hitting the 2 percent mark , while the U.S. spends more on its armed forces than all the others combined . Washington also foots more than 22 percent of NATO 's commonly funded budget .
The U.S. also would like to see an increased NATO commitment in Afghanistan , where forces have been fighting the Taliban for more than 15 years , since the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks . Washington wants more trainers in Afghanistan , where about 8,400 American troops are still deployed .
There also will be discussions about how to accelerate the newer , U.S.-led campaign to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria .
Europe 's leaders will first be looking for clarity from Mattis . They 're still rattled by Trump 's declarations that NATO is `` obsolete '' and his repeated praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Such comments have triggered fears Trump will ease sanctions imposed on Moscow after it annexed Ukraine 's Crimea region in 2014 and supported an insurgency in eastern Ukraine . Another concern : lessened U.S. military support for eastern European allies near Russia 's border who worry about being the next target .
During his confirmation hearing , Mattis told senators that he has discussed NATO with the president and that Trump was `` open '' to changing his position . Among Mattis ' first calls after Trump 's inauguration was one to NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg .
In recent weeks , Trump 's public statements on NATO have softened somewhat .
After meeting Trump , British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters that he assured her he was `` 100 percent '' behind NATO . A joint statement issued after Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by telephone said the two agreed on the `` fundamental importance that the NATO alliance has for trans-Atlantic relations '' and the need for all members to pay their fair share . Trump made similar comments in a call with French President Francois Hollande .
Only four countries other than the U.S. — Britain , Estonia , Greece and Poland — are meeting NATO 's spending target . Many are increasing their budgets in response to Russia 's actions .
Uniform of DSP Alkali Beheaded in Rivers Recovered ( Photos )
MyNaijaInfo.com
Army Recovers Uniforms Of Policemen Killed in Rivers . The Nigerian Army has announced the recovery of The Weapons and Uniforms of Police DSP , Mohammed Alkali and His Orderly Who were killed during Rivers State Rerun election at Omoku Area of The State . The Army has also revealed that no fewer than 15 people that included a soldier , four Civil Defence Corps personnel , two policemen and eight civilians were Omoku area of Rivers state in December 2016 alone Also recovered were assorted arms and ammunition stockpiled by bandits in the area after a raid of four militants ' camps and cultists ' hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku Among other things recovered were weapons and uniforms of DSP Mohammed Alkali and his police orderly who were killed during the Rivers rerun election . See Photo below :
The post Uniform of DSP Alkali Beheaded in Rivers Recovered ( Photos ) appeared first on Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo .
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Related Coverage Wrecker crashes into Elizabethton dealership , damages 7 vehicles
ELIZABETHTON , TN ( WJHL ) - A police report revealed new details in a crash that caused thousands of dollars in damage to an Elizabethton car lot late last week .
According to an Elizabethton Police report , the driver of a wrecker truck was fatigued , and told officers he fell asleep at the wheel when he ran into the Grindstaff Ford Dealership on West Elk Avenue .
That report also said the truck rolled multiple times , in the process damaging several trucks in the lot , as well as a utility pole and security gate .
Captain Shane Darling with Elizabethton P.D . said the driver was taken to the hospital to be treated for serious injuries .
“ When the officers arrived on scene , the wrecker driver advised them that he believed he had fallen asleep at the wheel . When the officer followed up at the hospital , the driver was still being treated for broken bones , and possibly a punctured lung…the last update we had the driver was still in the hospital , ” Darling said .
We were told Monday the crash was still under investigation and that charges were pending .
Transcript for Erika Jayne discusses being booted off 'Dancing '
stars ' '' Erika Jayne and gleb . The real housewife and her partner going out on a high note with a beautiful Disney inspired viennese waltz before flying across the country to join us . Not easy to do and thank you . Thank you . You ended on a high note . How did it feel when the dance ended ? Go . It felt great . Yeah , we did end on a high note . It was beautiful , it was emotional . I felt good about it . We worked hard . I 'm proud of us . You have dancing experience . Yes . Because of your incredible performing that you do . How did this compare ? Was `` Dancing with the stars '' harder than you imagined it would be ? Partnering is harder than you know you could imagine . I mean I knew it was going to be tough . I knew it would be a challenge . I always said that but it was really difficult to come into his space and learn and really be his student . Letting me be the boss . If you watch `` Real housewives of Beverly hills , '' you know that 's not easy . It was tough but I 'm so appreciative and had a great time . Gleb , let me rank you is there a future choreographing Erika 's next music video ? I think so . Maybe . I see a unicorn and lamborghini in the video . He did a great job and created , director , choreographer . Did a beautiful job . I want to ask you , Erika , knowing all of the other housewives who do you think would do the best on `` Dancing with the stars '' ? Probably Kyle . Kyle . Kyle would be good . Who would be the toughest judge ? On `` Dancing with the stars '' ? Yes . Every one of them . You know , every one of them but , you know I hope Kenyon Moore gets on the show next . She 'd be great . Kenya . You 're next , babe . You have your platform right here . That 's interesting . So , tell me a little about the experience . What was it like ? Is it harder than being a housewife being on `` Dancing with the stars . '' It 's two completely different things . First everyone on `` Dancing with the stars '' is very nice and very warm and very sweet although you and I had it out a couple of types but nothing like my other job , but , yes , nothing -- I had a great time . Were you ready to go ? No . I was n't . I felt like we were opening up . I felt like we were growing so I was n't ready to go , no . I bet you were n't ready to go either because there was a promise of a lamborghini if you went to the end . Would you have come through on that . Of course , I would have . I knew you would have . I 'm not going to say going -- come on . We have changed the deal at the end . If we make it to the final , you know , she was like we do n't have to win it . If we make it to the final . Let me tell you something we 'll make your dream come true . Do we have a special -- do we have -- You did n't make it to the final but Erika is a woman of her word and wanted to make sure it came through . That is adorable . America wants to thank you . Yay . Can you bring out the other present ? One more present .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
TULSA , Okla. ( AP ) — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland , Oregon , to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa , Oklahoma , because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger .
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI .
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta .
With customers using much more natural gas than in a typical January , the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio ( PUCO ) today approved results of an auction that will contribute to lower gas prices for Columbia Gas of Ohio customers starting in April .
The auction determines the adjustment suppliers in the company 's Standard Choice Offer ( SCO ) add to the market price for natural gas . The new adjustment will be down 18 % from last year and is the lowest in the history of the SCO .
Temperatures in the Columbia Gas of Ohio service area were 23 percent colder than normal through January 19 . Customers have used more natural gas this winter because of the cold , and the company estimates higher usage will increase the average bill by $ 19.47 . Natural gas costs represent about two thirds of the average customer 's bill at this time of the year , with the remainder covering the cost of maintaining and replacing gas lines , responding to emergencies , supporting economic development infrastructure investment and other services .
In the SCO auction , suppliers decided how low their prices could go . The winning suppliers will serve SCO customers from this April through March of 2019 . In addition to the SCO , customers can also purchase gas through a Customer CHOICE® marketer . Some local governments offer residents an additional pricing option .
Managing usage and controlling bills
Customers concerned about paying their bill should contact Columbia Gas at 1-800-344-4077 for information on payment assistance programs . Energy efficiency programs from Columbia Gas help customers manage their usage and control their bills . Saving matters and options to meet the needs of customers are available at http : //www.columbiagasohio.com/SavingMatters .
Customers are also encouraged to take the following steps now to ensure comfort during the winter months :
• Set the thermostat to 68 degrees or lower .
• Shave a minute off shower times .
• Turn the water heater off or down while away .
• Caulk and weather-strip around drafty doors and windows .
• Fill openings and gaps around pipes , chimneys , lights , windows , basement brick and cement work with an easy-to-use spray foam insulation .
For more information on managing energy costs during the cold temperatures , visit https : //www.columbiagasohio.com/take-control .
The next high-tech push from the NBA uses augmented reality to put you behind the scenes of the post-season . Simply open the NBA AR app ( on either Android or iOS ) , place the AR target and walk through a `` door '' to experience the 360 Portals feature 's handful of vignettes including player intros and huddles , and post-game celebrations . The NBA also teased `` special on-demand content '' from the Finals for the app . It 's free so you 're not out anything for giving it a look , but will it be more than a gimmick you use once or twice ? That 's up to the NBA . Check out the video below for a taste of what 's on offer .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Manners T3 with mini chassis
I 'm selling a Manners T3 in OD with the mini chassis installed . It is used , but in great condition . The only significant scratch is on the side and in the photo below . It is inletted for a Bartlein # 3 barrel and Remington 700 SA . It had a receiver with a side bolt stop , so it has been milled to allow clearance for that . It comes with an AI magazine and Accu-shot picatinny rail as well as the action screws . I 'm asking $ 750 shipped .
Thanks !
Hello guys , I 'm selling a Manners T3 in OD with the mini chassis installed . It is used , but in great condition . The only significant scratch is on the side and in the photo below . It is inletted for a Bartlein # 3 barrel and Remington 700 SA . It had a receiver with a side bolt stop , so it has been milled to allow clearance for that . It comes with an AI magazine and Accu-shot picatinny rail as well as the action screws . I 'm asking $ 750 shipped.Thanks !
Tens of thousands of Cubans living in the U.S. are adapting to a harsh new reality : After enjoying decades of favored status dating back to the Cold War , many of them now face the same deportation risks as any other immigrants .
They feel betrayed by former President Barack Obama 's administration , which in its waning days stripped away a nearly automatic path to citizenship that had been offered since the 1960s to Cubans who arrived on U.S. soil , even those who showed up without a visa . The change was part of a thaw in relations with Cuba , which also agreed to start accepting the return of more of its people who get deported .
Now some Cubans have been detained at routine appointments with immigration officials , and many more fear they could be imperiled by old deportation orders or caught up in the increased arrests of non-citizens pursued by President Donald Trump 's administration .
`` I was n't prepared for any of this . How could I have seen this coming ? '' said Maykel Vargas , a Cuban who spent three months in detention after immigration officials took him into custody when he was trying to renew a temporary document . `` I do n't know what is going to happen . ''
Anticipation is mounting about a White House announcement on Cuba planned for Friday and how it may affect business deals and leisure travel . But experts agree that Trump 's new policy is not expected to restore previous immigration privileges . Any changes open the possibility that the Cuban government could scale back commitments on migration agreements , including promises to take back deportees .
Vargas , 37 , worked as an Uber and Lyft driver to provide for his sister , who is single and pregnant . He said he could n't afford the $ 700 required to apply for permanent residency , a much more complex process . He continues fighting deportation after being released Monday with an ankle monitor .
Hermes Vigoa , 46 , was n't even nervous when he showed up at an immigration office in Miami earlier this year to renew a temporary document he needed for his driver 's license and car insurance while he completed the permanent-residency process .
He arrived in the U.S. two years before Obama canceled to fast-track citizenship system . Cubans still have a path to residency if they find a way to arrive in the U.S. with a visa , but Obama ended the open-arms treatment to curb a recent immigration surge mostly through the Mexico border .
`` I thought everything was fine until an officer told me , 'You are in limbo ' and told my girlfriend to take all my stuff because I was being detained , '' Vigoa said . He was detained for a month before he was released , without explanation , to continue seeking a green card .
Immigration officials did not respond to requests for information on these cases .
Officials say more than 36,000 Cubans currently face deportation orders . About 29,000 are convicted criminals and 7,000 non-criminal immigration violators , according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Two other Cubans who were taken into custody last month after being here for decades are getting the attention of elected officials . They arrived as children in the famous Mariel boatlift in 1980 , when Cuba 's then-President Fidel Castro allowed the departure of anyone who wanted to leave the Communist nation . About 125,000 `` marielitos '' crossed the Florida Straits that year .
Both men have criminal convictions but insist they have turned their lives around .
In 1984 , the nations agreed on a list of 2,746 Cubans who were alleged criminals and could be returned to the island . When the U.S. abandoned the `` wet foot , dry foot '' policy in January , the two nations agreed that the list could be revised to add other Cuban `` marielitos '' who were subject to active deportation orders .
Rudy Blanco was 8 when he was brought from the port of Mariel by his parents in 1980 . He now has a family and owns a home-remodeling business in Perry , Florida . But because he was convicted of attempting to sell cocaine in 1998 , he was n't allowed to become a U.S. citizen and instead received an order of deportation by mail in 2005 .
Blanco was allowed to stay as long as he made routine visits to ICE . However , he was arrested on May 9 and is now awaiting deportation . An ICE spokeswoman said only that the agency intends to deport him based on the 2005 order .
Blanco 's wife , Shelly , said that both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and the family 's congressman , Rep. Neal Dunn , have told her they are trying to gather information on the case . Both men are Republicans .
Colorado Gov . John Hickenlooper , a Democrat , pardoned another Cuban immigrant for an armed robbery committed 19 years ago , in an effort to stave off his deportation . Rene Lima-Marin , 38 , arrived as a toddler in the boatlift and 20 years later received a deportation order after his conviction .
Apart from the Mariel list , Cuba has agreed to review deportations on a case-by-case basis . Fifty-seven Cubans have been deported since October , while 335 were arrested between Jan. 22 and April 29 .
Susan Eckstein , a sociology professor at Boston University , argues that Cubans ' immigration privileges should end to make immigration policy more equitable for all foreign nationals .
`` I would be very surprised if Trump changes Obama 's policy because it is so consistent with his stance on immigration in general , '' she said .
Jarred Vanderbilt , who played in only 14 games as a freshman with the Wildcats due to two separate foot injuries , announced via Twitter than he will keep his name in the draft .
The third of Kentucky 's three underclassmen still considering the NBA Draft up until the deadline to enter or withdraw made his decision final Wednesday night .
BBN , Thank you for endless support and being patient with me through this decision . Kentucky will always be my second home ! ! ! 🔵⚪️ pic.twitter.com/awGVHQ2MwJ
“ Being a professional basketball player has always been a dream of mine , ” Vanderbilt said in a statement released by UK . “ From the moment I first picked up a basketball when I was 4 years old , I knew it was something I wanted to do for the rest of my life . These past couple of weeks have been extremely difficult for me . With everything I went through this past season , I 've had a lot to think about and what 's best for me and my future . Through it all , I 've become a better man on and off the court .
“ First off , I want to thank God for blessing me with this opportunity because without Him , none of this would be possible . I also want to thank all of the people in my life who have supported me throughout this entire process – from my family , to my teammates , to the coaches and UK staff , and most importantly the fans . The relationships I 've built here will last a lifetime and I will cherish the memories I 've made here forever .
“ After going through the process , I was able to get some positive feedback that confirmed what I had hoped : that my time is now . It is going to be tough to leave this place , but I 've decided to remain in the NBA Draft and pursue my dreams now . ”
The 6-foot-9 native of Houston averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds as a freshman despite playing only 17 minutes per game . He had five double-figure rebound games , including 15 in a February win over Missouri in which he posted a double-double with 11 points .
Vanderbilt averaged 5.4 points per game .
`` Jarred had a difficult decision to make , ” UK coach John Calipari said . “ I know he has been pulled in two different directions . On one hand he wants to show our fans what he can do in a full season and compete for a championship . I know he feels like he got that taken away from him this year .
`` On the other hand , he 's seen how quickly this can be taken away . I completely understand and support his decision to get healthy and pursue his dreams now . As I said before , we 've only seen a small part of his game because of the adversity he faced this season , but he 's got the motor and skill set that will serve him well at the next level . ''
Vanderbilt is not projected as a first-round pick , but some analysts have him as a potential second-round choice with high upside .
Earlier in the day , UK 's PJ Washington announced he will return to Lexington for his sophomore season , while junior-to-be Wenyen Gabriel chose to remain in the draft .
The departure of two frontcourt players puts a greater spotlight on the transfer story of Stanford 's Reid Travis . The 6-foot-8 combo forward , who averaged 19.5 points and 8.7 rebounds last season for the Cardinal , is seeking a new program as a grad transfer . UK has been rumored to be his top choice with Villanova being another potential destination .
Travis is approaching 2,000 career points in his college career and would offer another young UK squad some much-needed maturity and experience .
Photos : Strippers Show Off Huge Amount Of Cash Made In One Night
A group of strippers has set the internet on fire after sharing their proceeds from a night of dancing on social media . It is no news that sex sells and in its neighborhood is stripping which provides a form of entertainment to those who fancy it . The skilled pole dancers just showed how much their…
The post Photos : Strippers Show Off Huge Amount Of Cash Made In One Night appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PRIOR LAKE , Minn. ( AP ) — Pop singer Gwen Stefani will close out a star-studded Super Bowl week in Minnesota .
The three-time Grammy winner will headline at Club Nomadic at Mystic Lake Casino Hotel on Sunday , Feb. 4 .
Stefani is the final headliner . Other acts at Club Nomadic include The Chainsmokers on Thursday , Feb. 1 ; Ellie Goulding and Norwegian electronic dance music artist DJ Kygo on Friday , Feb. 2 ; and Florida Georgia Line on Saturday , Feb. 3 .
Stefani joins a growing list of performers who will be in Minnesota during Super Bowl week . Others include Jennifer Lopez , who will perform at Nomadic Live ! on Super Saturday Night . Sheila E. , the Revolution and Morris Day & the Time will perform a Prince tribute as part of a series of free concerts .
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Derbyshire Constabulary is warning about a new scam in which vulnerable and elderly people are getting tricked by fraudsters who tell them to buy iTunes gift cards to pay their tax bills .
The cruel offenders fooled one victim into handing over £15,000 worth of gift cards .
Most victims are over 65 and lose £1,150 each on average .
The force has issued the advice to try and raise awareness and has encouraged people to tell their loved ones .
Detective Inspector Debbie King , who leads Derbyshire police 's economic crime unit , said : “ Criminals are always changing the methods they use and this is the latest ruse to defraud people of their money .
“ This type of crime is often directed at vulnerable members of society who are more likely to be taken in by this type of fraud .
“ iTunes gift cards are easily redeemed and easily sold on . Scammers do n't need the physical card to redeem the value and instead get victims to read out the serial code on the back over the phone .
“ The same scam has been used in the USA where criminals posed as attorneys , debt collectors and even police officers .
“ We have been backing the Take Five campaigns and I would urge anyone to take five minutes to make sure they pass the below advice onto friends , family and colleagues . ”
Security schemes such as the Banking Protocol are designed to stop people from withdrawing large amounts of money unchallenged , however , this scam bypasses those procedures and can leave people thousands of pounds out of pocket .
There are three main ways in which fraudsters are contacting victims . These are through :
- Voicemails : Fraudsters are leaving victims automated voicemails saying that they owe HMRC unpaid taxes . When victims call back on the number provided , they are told that there is a warrant out in their name and if they do n't pay , the police will arrest them .
- Spoofed calls : Phone numbers are able to be hijacked with criminals able to ring from what looks to be the official HMRC number - 0300 200 3300 – and convincing them that they owe unpaid tax .
- Text messages : Fraudsters are sending text messages that require victims to urgently call back on the number provided . When victims call back , they are told that there is a case being built against them for an outstanding debt and they must pay immediately .
While people have been taken in by this scam are some simple ways to make sure you , or others you may know , do n't become a victim . These are :
- HMRC will never use texts to tell you about a tax rebate or penalty or ever ask for payment in this way .
- Telephone numbers and text messages can easily be spoofed . You should never trust the number you see on your telephones display .
- If you receive a suspicious cold call , end it immediately .
- Do not provide the numbers on the back of the card to someone you do not know .
- Immediately report potential scams to www.actionfraud.police.uk or call 0300 123 2040 .
Hosts France began the International Volleyball Federation ( FIVB ) Men 's Nations League Finals in ideal fashion after coming from behind to beat Olympic champions Brazil in a thrilling contest in Lille .
The French team were forced to show their character throughout the match at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy , having twice trailed .
They responded in impressive fashion after Brazil claimed the first set of the match 25-22 , as they bounced back to win the second 25-20 .
Brazil retook the lead by winning the third 25-21 , leaving the home crowd looking poised for opening day disappointment .
The French team would hit back again in the fourth , which they won 25-22 to set up a deciding set .
They preserved the momentum to edge the decider 15-13 to clinch a narrow five set victory .
The hosts will have a rest day tomorrow , as Serbia begin their finals campaign when they face Brazil .
Reigning European champions Russia began the finals with an impressive victory over Poland in Pool B .
The Russian team clinched the opening set 25-18 , before edging Poland 25-23 in the second to move closer to victory .
The closeness of the set highlighted how Poland remained fully in the contest and they ignited hopes of a comeback by winning the third 25-22 .
Russia overcame Poland in the first Pool B match of the finals ©FIVB
Russia would extinguish any prospect of a comeback by winning the fourth game 25-17 to claim the victory .
Poland will have to bounce back tomorrow when they face the United States , while Russia can enjoy a rest day .
It is the first Nations League Finals to be held with the competition only introduced this year .
The finals feature the top six teams from pool rounds held earlier this year .
The women 's event concluded on July 1 , with the US emerging as the winners .
In honor of Independence Day—a U.S. holiday—The Mac Observer is taking off Wednesday , July 4th . We will return on Thursday , July 5th , with our usual Apple , Mac , iPad iPhone , and Apple Watch news . TMO 's Daily Observations podcast is taking off the holiday , too . Enjoy the holiday !
`` I 've only been on the job for two months , but this was one of the things I hit the ground running on . I 've advocated for this issue for years . This is really near and dear to my heart . ''
Only 24 per cent of women in Canada participate in sport compared to 45 per cent of men , girls ' participation drops 22 per cent when they reach adolescence and less than half the senior staff in national sport organizations are women , according to the Canadian Association for the Advancement of Women and Sport and Physical Activity ( CAAWS ) .
At the Winter Olympics and Paralympics in February , just over nine per cent of Canada 's coaches were female .
`` I think girls do n't see as much opportunity in life around sport as boys do for sure growing up , '' Wickenheiser said .
Duncan 's vision for sport gender equality in 2035 is that `` all Canadians have the opportunity to get involved and excel in sport , they should be able to do so in an environment free of discrimination or harassment , that we have equality of participation of women and girls , '' she said .
`` We see women and girls moving through the coaching system and judging system , women in leadership positions . ''
Duncan is also the science and persons with disabilities minister . The 51-year-old MP from Etobicoke North is the third sports minister since the Trudeau government 's first cabinet appointments in 2015 .
A former gymnast who turned to coaching and judging and still runs marathons , Duncan says her environment as a youngster fostered a life-long passion for sport .
`` ( Sport ) was my family 's passion and I had absolutely incredible coaches , '' Duncan said . `` Environment is key and to make sure it 's a safe and healthy place too . ''
By Donna Spencer , The Canadian Press
Ed shares this new from the Hampshire and Isle of Wight Freemasons . Ed
The 64 Freemasons awarded the Victoria Cross ( VC ) during The Great War ( WW1 ) will be honoured with special commemorative stones bearing their names to be laid outside the iconic Freemasons ' Hall building in Covent Garden , London .
The building is one of the largest peace memorials of our time and was built in honour of every Freemason who fell in WWI .
The ceremony is not only part of the celebrations to mark this year 's 300th anniversary of The United Grand Lodge of England ( UGLE ) , but also looks ahead to the 100th anniversary of the end of WW1 in 2018 .
The highest award
The Victoria Cross is the highest award within the UK honours system that recognises ‘ conspicuous bravery in the presence of the enemy ' . It can be awarded to anyone serving with the Armed Forces with no distinction of rank or class , a value shared by Freemasons who come from all backgrounds and walks of life .
The 64 being recognised include Thomas Edward Rendle of The Needles Lodge , which still meets in Ryde . He was born in 1884 in Bristol and died aged 61 in Cape Town , South Africa . He was 29 years old , and a bandsman in the 1st Battalion , The Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry , British Army , during the First World War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC .
On 20 November 1914 near Wulverghem , Belgium , Bandsman Rendle attended to the wounded under very heavy rifle and shell fire and rescued men from the trenches in which they had been buried from the blowing in of the parapets by the fire of the enemy 's heavy howitzers .
Brotherly Love , Truth and Relief
During the Tercentenary year , the memorial will act as a further reminder of the founding principles of Freemasonry : Brotherly Love , Truth and Relief – UGLE is one of the largest contributors to charitable causes in the UK after the National Lottery . These principles were demonstrated in great abundance by the 64 ‘ Brothers in Arms ' , Freemasons from all four corners of the globe .
The Freemasons being recognised represent an astonishing one in ten of all VCs awarded during The Great War , and that figure becomes one in six when including those awarded to Freemasons who were members of other Grand Lodges globally .
Remarkably , these include three of the famous ‘ Six VCs Before Breakfast ' awarded to members of the 1st Battalion , The Lancashire Fusiliers during their capture of ‘ W ' Beach at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915 .
Grand Master to unveil commemorative stones
HRH The Duke of Kent , Grand Master of the United Grand Lodge of England , will be officially unveiling the commemorative stones as part of its Tercentenary celebrations , marking the 300-year anniversary of four London lodges coming together to form the first Grand Lodge in 1717 .
HRH The Duke of Kent attended RMA Sandhurst , was commissioned into The Royal Scots Greys ( 2nd Dragoons ) and subsequently served in Northern Ireland , Cyprus and Hong Kong . He retired from the Army in 1976 and was promoted to Field Marshall in 1993 . He has been a Freemason for 53 years and in June will celebrate his 50th anniversary as Grand Master of UGLE .
The laying of the memorial stones is part of the Victoria Cross commemorative paving stones programme – a nationwide initiative led by the Department of Communities and Local Government in which every one of the VC recipients of the First World War is commemorated . The initiative aims to honour their bravery , provide a lasting legacy of local heroes within communities and to enable residents and visitors to understand how a community contributed to The Great War effort .
Immensely proud and inspired to remember brethren
Brigadier Willie Shackell , Grand Secretary of the United Grand Lodge of England , said :
“ To be awarded the Victoria Cross is the highest honour for bravery and we are immensely proud and inspired to remember our 64 brethren who exemplify the best in men . “ It is also appropriate that this event is taking place during our Tercentenary year when much of the activity is about highlighting the values of Freemasonry that we all hold dear – fraternity , charity and integrity . Camaraderie , new friendships and support are some of the main reasons people join Freemasonry , and numerous servicemen have been Masons since our founding 300 years ago . ”
Peter Norton GC , Chairman of The VC and GC Association , said :
“ That so many recipients of the Victoria Cross from the First World War are being honoured today is a remarkable achievement . These men , from all walks of life , were part of an extraordinary group of people recognised for their outstanding bravery . I am proud to represent them . ”
Image : © Freemasons
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session .
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia .
The court denied the state 's request to immediately block the ruling . But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law .
For now , there are many questions on the impact of the ruling . Here are some of them :
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW ?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live . To ensure they did n't have a change of heart , patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request .
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect .
Compassion & Choices , a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated , estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law 's first year .
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July .
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE ?
Ottolia 's ruling , which was filed with the court last week , did n't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives . Rather , he found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015 .
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics .
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia 's order has not yet considered the state 's request to reverse the ruling . Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate his decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general 's office .
What does all this mean for now ?
`` We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect , '' said Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the law school at the University of California , Berkeley .
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW ?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications ca n't legally get them now , said Dr. Lonny Shavelson , whose practice was solely focused on those cases .
Shavelson said he still is meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions . And he said he ca n't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored .
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to . But with the law not in effect , it 's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide , which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments .
`` I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients , '' he said .
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION ?
Shavelson said he and his colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge 's ruling . Similarly , Kaiser Permanente halted the health network 's end-of-life program .
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription ? Experts said that 's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction .
Matt Valliere , executive director of the Patients ' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out , said he believes doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide , which is a felony under California law .
Kathryn Tucker , executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project , said she doubts prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients . But she said she does n't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty .
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW ?
It 's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure , but it took years for the state 's now-blocked law to be passed . A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature .
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push .
`` What 's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature , '' she said .
Becerra 's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Fox News
Fox News debuted in 1996 with a soon-to-be-ridiculous “ Fair and Balanced ” slogan and never looked back . At least , the network did n't do so until recently , when the ejection of CEO Roger Ailes ( who has since passed away ) provided an opportunity to ditch the label that its maker had so lovingly ( and cynically ) bestowed . The problem , of course — and despite Ailes crafting the slogan as a response to liberal media bias — is that the motto is widely regarded as untrue and brought mockery that included Jon Stewart mugging on the Daily Show , much to the delight of his progressive-leaning audience .
Clearly , Fox News takes a pointedly conservative slant on most stories ( with Shepard Smith being the one anchor who is n't afraid to shake off the shackles every now and then ) . As with most scoops involving the network , New York magazine 's Gabriel Sherman snagged the motto-dumping story first . He points toward two reasons ( too many jokes and the difficult legacy of Ailes ) as reasons for the network to officially change their marketing slogan :
The decision was made last August after Ailes 's ouster by Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy , because the phrase had “ been mocked , ” one insider said . Another executive explained that the tagline was “ too closely associated with Roger. ” Fox executives have been instructed by management to market the network by its other tagline : “ Most Watched . Most Trusted . ”
Presumably , this shift does n't mean that hosts like Sean Hannity will be deterred from attacking CNN or other perceived enemies in the future . And Fox News confirmed to Sherman not only that the slogan will go but that their editorial or programming decisions will not change . Sherman wonders , though , if Fox News does n't realize what a big step they 're taking — since Ailes insisted on teaching seminars based upon the motto . He reportedly told producers , “ The news is like a ship . If you take hands off the wheel , it pulls hard to the left . ' ” Regardless , the company wants to depart from Ailes ' image ( and the unavoidable taint of his sexual harassment scandal ) , so it 's done .
Plus , maybe Fox News realized they were fooling no one ? It 's supremely hard to claim “ balance ” when the network 's flagship morning program announced President Trump 's MOAB strike in Afghanistan with Toby Keith lyrics while a grinning Geraldo Rivera chirped , “ One of my favorite things in my 16 years at Fox News is watching bombs drop on bad guys. ” Indeed , a few Twitter responses reveal that the mockery continues…
The proposed training , which would have been provided by volunteers at no cost to the state , would occur during orientation for legislators at the beginning of each session .
The bill was not prompted by the Dakota Access Pipeline protests , but several who testified in support of the training said better cultural understanding could have prevented some of the conflicts that arose during the protests .
The Senate Government and Veterans Affairs Committee amended the bill to a legislative management study to consider the need for cultural competency training for legislators , other elected and appointed officials and state employees .
Sen. Shawn Vedaa , R-Velva , a member of the committee , said Tuesday , Feb. 14 , the bill was amended to a study because several committee members felt requiring the training `` was overstepping legislation . ''
Sen. Dick Dever , R-Bismarck , spoke in favor of the bill as a way to repair relationships that have been strained during the pipeline protests .
`` I think there have been damages done to the relationships between our general population and the population south of here through recent events , '' Dever said .
The Senate voted to amend the bill to a study , but ultimately the bill failed in a 20-26 vote on Tuesday .
Sen. Richard Marcellais , D-Belcourt , a member of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa and one of the bill 's sponsors , said he is disappointed with the vote .
`` It 's not going to improve the communications or relations between the state and tribes , '' he said .
Marcellais sponsored similar legislation in 2009 that also failed in the Senate with a similar vote .
These are my picks for the best of 2015 . As usual , they could easily appear in a different order on a different day , and there are projects not on the list that were also excellent .
The ‘ Arts ' sector has for years complained that the government and politicians are not respecting them by not listening to their demands . Since 1980 the Zanu PF government has never appointed a cabinet minister with an arts background to head the Arts ministry . As a result , the ‘ Arts ' sector has continually been under funded compared to the ‘ Sports ' sector year on year .
The parliamentary portfolio committee responsible for Arts also consists of people who have no Art background as such they do n't have any idea of what issues are affecting the Arts sector . They have never been any public hearing called for by the parliamentary committee since 1980 , yet artists are always complaining about the challenges they face every day . The current cabinet appointed by the Mugabe ( the 93 year old President ) has placed the arts sector under an obscure ministry that most artists are not aware of . Most artists are not aware of their current minister or how much budget was allocated to the ministry .
Artists ' always complain about lack of funding from the government , however the complaints are raised behind closed-door meetings amongst the artists themselves , as they ca n't openly complain directly to the government or any of its officials . I have always raised the question why do n't we write opinion articles , give press statements , create artistic products protesting about this situation . The answer is , “ I do n't want to get involved in politics . ”
My friends and colleagues , politics is determining my and your future . Politics is killing your livelihood , politics is stifling the creation of more art products . As artists we should not wait for politicians to change in favour of the arts sector but we should make them change to recognise what we require of them .
This brings me to a very controversial issue that has affected many artists over the last decade . The issue of , ‘ Artists openly supporting a political party of their choice , KUBUDIRANA PACHENA . '
American hip hop artists ' openly support their preferred presidential candidates in US Presidential Elections . This has now become a norm in American Politics , evidenced by Hip Hop Artist Young Jeezy 's song “ My President. ” American Music Rapper Lil B made headlines when he decided to endorse Bernie Sanders , the list is endless and audiences ( voters ) respect this behaviour as the artists will be raising awareness and the politician is over the moon as they will are endorsed by celebrities . Let 's come closer to home ( Our Zimbabwe ) before I am dismissed as an agent of the west or admiring western culture which is not even close to us and talk of South African artists , Solly Moholo .
Solly Moholo played a critical role in supporting Thambo Mbeki ( former South African President ) , Urban pop singer Chomee , known for her gyrating dance moves endorsed President Jacob Zuma at an ANC event .
On 17 July 2016 the City Press reported , “ …at the launch of the ANC 's Countdown to Victory campaign in anticipation of the upcoming municipal polls – hosted on Wednesday night at The Market theatre in Newtown , Johannesburg – celebrities including Khanyi Mbau , Kelly Khumalo , Nhlanhla Nciza , Criselda Dudumashe , Jimmy Tau , Mike Mangena and others came in their numbers to endorse the ruling party . ”
This clearly indicates the level of maturity and involvement of artists in determining their own future yet in Zimbabwe its all about , “ I do n't get involved in politics , ” yet this ‘ politics ' is determining your artistic journey . Come on Comrades ! ! Ngatibudiranei pachena ! ! ( let 's come in the open )
In Zimbabwe since the liberation struggle Cde Chinx was known for supporting the ruling party Zanu PF . We have all danced to his music besides its ideological bankruptcy and people have get accustomed to his political believes . Soul Jah Luv born Soul Musaka on the 22nd November 1989 has done the same . He openly sang about his admiration towards Mbare MP Hon . Savanhu in a song titled “ Savanhu Wembare. ” He chants Zanu Pf slogans in the song . He also has a composition for Robert Mugabe titled , “ Gushungo/Zimbabwe , ” were he joins other praise singers of the dictator Mugabe . Today if Soul Jah Luv 's song , “ Pamamonya Ipapo , ” is played we all dance to it . The people of Zimbabwe have accepted , Soul Jah Luv is Zanu Pf and they respect him for that . The list of Zanu Pf musicians also includes Tambaoga , the late Simon Chimbetu , the late Elliot Manyika , Taurai Mteki the list is endless .
There are other , though few , musicians that have aligned themselves through their music to the main opposition party in Zimbabwe , MDC-T led by Morgan Tsvangirai . This list includes : Dread Reckless and Sister Fearless . These artists have released albums dedicated to the opposition in their struggle against the oppressive regime .
In Zimbabwe , there are those artists that protest and highlight the plight of the Zimbabwean people through songs . These artists in their songs concentrate on Human Rights and Governance issues without being aligned to a political party . Hosea Chipanga is a guru in this area , as evidenced by a lyric from one of his songs , “ ……vatadza kupedza hurumbo vakati ngatipedze varombo…. ” Most of Chipanga 's albums are pregnant with emotion and when you listen deeply into his music thinking about Zimbabwe , tears will flow . Another musician is Leonard Karikonga Zhakata others would prefer to call him , ‘ Master of song ' . This is one musician with deep political satire which is not for the faint hearted . Thomas Mapfumo needs no introduction since he has been doing protest music since 1979 .
In Zimbabwe most of the artist do n't like coming in the open to declare which side they are but at times it 's so obvious . Jah Prayzah uses military attire as his official stage uniform . It should be noted the use of military uniform is not allowed for civilians even on stage but Mukombe was granted permission to use it . Its common knowledge the Zimbabwean regime mainly the military and police do strict vetting before they allow you to use their regaliar and this vetting includes a question , ‘ Which political party do you support ? '
It 's either you are Zanu Pf or the Opposition to them ( neutral does n't exist ) and for you to be granted a job , uniform to use in dramas , the basic is that you have to be with Zanu Pf . I , Silvanos Mudzvova , have undergone the vetting that I am stating in this article on several occasions . I know the process and I remember the questions along with the answers I gave . Hence , I urge Jah Prayzah to come out in the open and let people know the truth .
Simon Chimbetu was the most popular at the turn of the millennium all danced to his music fully aware of the fact he was Zany Pf . I urge Jah Prayzah to further his cause openly without any fear as his talent will stand for him . Sulumani Chimbetu is also the other musician who does n't want a tag on him but his record speaks for itself . I will not bring his father into this but his employment at Airforce were some vetting is done , it 's clear you ca n't get employed by the military , police , airforce and the central intelligence organisation without declaring your allegiance to Zanu Pf .
If popular artists openly declare about what they are it will make life easier for young and upcoming artists to be involved in the politics of the country . We need to reignite the peoples participation in national affairs and artists mainly musicians as role models can assist in this regard . People of Zimbabwe fear so much to voice their concerns and the only way to break this is by using their role models who should be there to give courage . For any country to achieve development its citizens need to be involved in the politics of their country .
Music and Politics have long been connected and it can be traced back to Napoleon 1789 period in France . Most recently music was used to achieve development when a series of concerts was used to put pressure on G8 Leaders to change their policy on third world debt this happened in July 2005 at an event dubbed Live8 .
Let Artist 's rise up and open up about our allegiance to certain politicians so that we can contribute towards what we want . Let us be proud of what we want and determine our country 's destiny . Music has the power to change or influence politics of an country like what happened in America , when we reflect on Obama 's Presidential Campaigns that he ran in particular when he ran against the Republican Candidate John McCain . Obama received the support of artists across the spectrum ( Bob Dylan , Arcade Fire , Springsteen , Green Day and Usher , to name just a few ) , John McCain struggled to find support from musicians as a result McCain lost the election .
I urge Zimbabwean Musicians to stand up and be counted and define how their country moves forward .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — More Republicans are telling President Donald Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off his escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia probe . But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller , embracing a familiar strategy with the president — simply waiting out the storm .
Trump blistered Mueller and his investigation all weekend on Twitter and started in again Monday , questioning the probe 's legitimacy with language no recent president has used for a federal inquiry . `` A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest ! '' Trump tweeted .
Mueller is leading a criminal probe into whether Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign had ties to Russia and whether there has been obstruction of justice since then .
Trump was told to cut it out on Sunday by such notable Republicans as Trey Gowdy , chairman of the House Oversight Committee , and Bob Corker , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Then on Monday he was told that firing Mueller would be `` the stupidest thing the president could do '' by Orrin Hatch , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee .
But Hatch , on CNN , also said he did n't see any need for legislation to protect Mueller . And that sentiment was widely echoed by GOP leaders .
In recent months , bills to protect the special counsel have stalled , and Republican leaders have stuck to muted statements endorsing Mueller or denying he is in trouble . So far , that tactic has worked for them as Trump has lambasted the Russia investigation on Twitter but allowed Mueller to continue his work .
Democrats say legislation is needed .
`` Immediately , '' said Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut . And Arizona Republican Jeff Flake , a frequent Trump critic , said , `` If you do n't pick this fight , then we might as well not be here . ''
But GOP leaders saw no reason to leap to stop a firing they do n't think is in sight .
`` I do n't think that 's going to happen so I just think it 's not necessary , and obviously legislation requires a presidential signature , '' said Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the No . 2 Republican in the Senate . `` I do n't see the necessity of picking that fight right now . ''
Still , Cornyn said there would be `` a number of unintended consequences '' if Mueller were to be removed , and lawmakers had communicated that message to Trump `` informally and formally . ''
White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement Sunday tamping down the speculation , saying Trump is not `` considering or discussing '' Mueller 's removal . White House spokesman Hogan Gidley said Trump has `` some well-established frustration '' about the probe but insisted there is no internal discussion about removing Mueller .
Separately , Trump 's legal team has provided documents to Mueller summarizing their views on key matters being investigated , according to a person familiar with the situation . That person insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation .
The records were given as Trump 's lawyers negotiate with Mueller 's team about the scope and terms of a possible interview with the president .
Also , Trump added a new lawyer . Joseph diGenova , a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia , will join his team later this week .
DiGenova has been outspoken in his defense of Trump , talking of a `` brazen plot '' to exonerate Hillary Clinton in an email investigation and to `` frame '' Trump with a `` falsely created crime . ''
Multiple White House officials said Monday that they believe Trump is now acutely aware of the political — and even legal — consequences of taking action against Mueller . For now , they predicted , Trump will snipe at Mueller from the outside .
His sniping is getting more pointed .
Trump challenged the probe 's existence over the weekend and strongly suggested political bias on the part of Mueller 's investigators .
The tweets ruffled some GOP lawmakers . South Carolina 's Gowdy admonished the president 's lawyers , saying that if Trump is innocent , `` act like it . ''
But House and Senate leaders remained quiet , and decidedly unruffled .
`` As the speaker has always said , Mr. Mueller and his team should be able to do their job , '' said AshLee Strong , spokeswoman for House Speaker Paul Ryan .
A spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell referred to comments that McConnell made in January saying he was n't worried that Mueller would be ousted .
Two bipartisan Senate bills introduced last summer , when Trump first started criticizing Mueller 's probe , would make it harder to fire a special counsel by requiring a judicial review . But Republicans backing the bills have not been able to agree on the details , and Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has shown little interest in moving them . McConnell has said he thinks they are unnecessary .
Still , some of the White House officials acknowledged that Trump did once flirt with removing Mueller .
That came last summer , when Trump 's legal team — then led by New York attorney Marc Kasowitz — was looking into potential conflicts of interest with Mueller and his team and planning to make a case to have him removed , according to people familiar with the strategy . Those people spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the private conversations .
As that strategy was being formulated , Trump directed White House counsel Don McGahn in June to call Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to raise the perceived conflicts and push for Mueller 's removal , according to one of the people familiar with the matter .
McGahn put off making the call because he disagreed with the strategy , the person said . When Trump persisted in pressing the issue , McGahn told other senior White House officials he would resign if Trump did n't back off . Trump let the matter drop , the person said .
Trump can not directly fire Mueller . Any dismissal , for cause , would have to be carried out by Rosenstein , who appointed the counsel and has continued to express support .
Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is `` going to choke the life out of '' his presidency if allowed to continue indefinitely , according to an outside adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president .
Likely contributing to Trump 's sense of frustration , The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for Russia-related documents . Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step .
`` Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans ? '' he tweeted Sunday .
Some of Mueller 's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates including Hillary Clinton , but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation . Mueller is a Republican .
___
Associated Press writers Lisa Mascaro , Darlene Superville and Eric Tucker in Washington contributed to this report .
Called Echo Arena , the multiplayer part of the space exploration title pits teams of five weightless robots against each other in a frantic game of zero-g frisbee . The goal is pretty simple : get control of the flying disc , avoid attacks from other players and toss the space frisbee into the opposing team 's goal . Actually doing this is pretty hard . Not only is navigating four dimensions difficult in itself , but the momentum of tossing yourself off a wall in zero gravity means it 's exceptionally hard to catch a pass . With time and practice , it can be done -- but between the mechanics of the game and the VR experience movement model , there 's a very clear skill curve .
That 's probably why Intel chose Echo Arena to be one of two games in its VR Challenger League . Starting in July , Intel and the Electronic Sports League will host a competitive VR gaming series in both online and localized events before a finale at the Intel Extreme Masters World Championship in Poland next year .
After half an hour of training and four quick rounds of Echo Arena , it 's hard to say for sure if it 'll be the Rocket League of VR -- but it 's definitely a start . Playing the game absolutely feels sport-like . Carefully balanced offense and defense are necessary for winning a match , and when our team did n't work together , things fell apart quickly . But not all sports are fun to watch . Even after I played a few rounds of the game , I found being a spectator is difficult -- it just was n't easy to tell what was going on from an outside perspective . And without spectators , VR eSports just is n't going to work out .
It 's an issue , but not an insurmountable one . Live commentary and a solid spectator mode could go a long way toward making sense of Echo Arena as a spectator sport -- and Intel is serious about making VR eSports viable . In all , up to $ 200,000 in prizes will be awarded to top players of Echo Arena and Insomniac Games ' The Unspoken . That 's a big investment .
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here !
Getty Image
Those who voted for The Apprentice star Donald Trump in the 2016 election because they wanted an entertaining presidency that would mirror their favorite NBC reality TV show are probably not experiencing any voter 's remorse just yet . Trump 's tumultuous administration has already seen over a dozen high level firings and resignations , and it 's only eight months into his first term . The latest White House drama of course involves Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who was already at odds with the president before it came out this week that he allegedly called Trump an “ f-ing moron ” back in July , threatening to resign his post .
Now , Axios is reporting that Trump is entertaining the idea of replacing Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo . ( In other words , expect an announcement by the end of the day . ) One especially telling excerpt of the report alleges Trump 's real problem with Tillerson , and not surpringly it involves the amount of media attention the former Exxon CEO is getting from his beloved cable news programs .
Sources tell us Trump recognizes that a Cabinet shuffle would bring bad press . White House Chief of Staff John Kelly wants stability , and so is discouraging high-level departures before next year . And yet , insiders say Trump 's relationship with Tillerson is broken beyond repair . We 're told Trump was furious that Tillerson did n't try to blunt the story about him calling the president a “ moron , ” by just going out and denying it ( whether or not it actually occurred ) . After what Trump considered a strong trip to Vegas , he seethed when he got back and saw Tillerson 's gaffe dominating cable-news coverage . Everywhere he flipped , there was Tillerson 's face instead of his .
Given Trump 's obsession with the NBC News exclusive this week even in light of the mass shooting in Las Vegas and a humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico ( and like , everything we know about his character ) , it certainly does n't seem unfathomable .
Saraki : Nobody is above law – Rep
A member of the House of Representatives , Mr Peter Akpatason , says the trial of the Senate President , Dr Bukola Saraki , has proved that nobody is above the law in Nigeria .
The lawmaker , who represents Akoko-Edo Constituency of Edo , stated this on Wednesday in Abuja , while reacting to the trial of Senate President , Dr Bukola Saraki , by Code of Conduct Tribunal and his acquittal on Wednesday .
He told newsmen that the trial was , in the first instant , not the best for the polity , but that it had demonstrated the fact that nobody was above the law .
Akpatason said that in a democratic system , the rule of law must be obeyed .
He said that the tribunal 's judgment itself came at a time when the judicial system in the country had suffered much setback as a result of the unwarranted tension .
“ At a time like this , we need some amount of peace to enable the country work as a united nation . ”
According to him , the Judiciary , Executive and Legislature need to be properly focused to enable us do the needful to get out of the present economic situation .
Akpatason added that it was a big plus that after the judiciary exercised its right , the senate president was vindicated .
“ I hope that will apply to other arms of government .
“ If the Senate President can be tried , others , apart from president and governors who enjoy immunity , should be tried too .
“ They should use the opportunity to reconsider forms submitted by members of the executive , '' he said .
The lawmaker noted that some Nigerians may be disappointed with the tribunal 's judgement , but said that majority of Nigerians appreciated that the senate president humbled himself and passed through the entire process .
“ I will believe that the senate president being tried was in a way like the whole National Assembly was being tried .
“ However the point has been proven that nobody is above the law . Today , it is the turn of Bukola Saraki ; tomorrow , it will be the turn of another person .
“ What is important is that there should be fairness and justice at the end , '' he said .
In his reaction , another legislator , Rep. Prestige Ossy ( Abia-APGA ) , said that judgment of the tribunal was historic and a demonstration that the CCT was “ truly independent '' .
“ It is a historic judgement . The CCT has given its verdict and we should all respect it .
“ The prosecution failed to prove its allegations beyond any reasonable doubt that the senate president under-declared his assets and he has been set free .
“ I will say that this is good for our democracy as it will further enhance Nigerians ' faith in the judiciary . '' he said .
The lawmaker , therefore , advised that Saraki to concentrate on delivering good legislative and democratic dividends to Nigerians “ now that he has been left off the hook '' .
“ I believe this judgement is not only good for him but for the anti-corruption war , for lovers of democracy , and indeed for the entire system , '' he added .
The post Saraki : Nobody is above law – Rep appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Facebook finally explains why it bans some content , in 27 pages – Chicago Tribune
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Reuven Rivlin today ( Wednesday ) spoke by telephone with his friend , President-elect of Germany , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , and congratulated him on his election to the post to which he will be sworn in at the end of March .
“ I am so pleased to congratulate you as president , and as a great friend of Israel . From the bottom of my heart , I congratulate you , and wish you much success . I thank you for all you have done in the past as Foreign Minister , and we look forward to working together once you take up your new role . ”
WTB 338 Edge barrel Looking for a small shank .338 Edge Barrel for a Savage . Pm me if you have anything .
The Phoenix ( 7-4 ) won their fourth straight game overall and swept the season series with the Tornadoes ( 8-6 ) , with CU taking a 61-60 victory on the road November 18 .
Norris hit 7-of-14 field goals and collected four rebounds and four steals , helping Cumberland convert 17 Talladega turnovers into 19 points . The senior recorded a basket in the final minute of the first half and her layup plus the foul with 2:11 remaining put the Phoenix ahead , 58-48 .
Kyra Tucker registered 12 points and Ant'Treasia Patton and Katherine Griffith each finished with nine . Goodrum netted six of her eight points at the foul line and grabbed a game-high 10 rebounds while Patton tallied seven boards as well .
Carla Clemmons was the only Talladega player in double figures , posting all 10 of her points in the first half . Jazsmin Nelson recorded eight and Tatyana Calhoun netted seven , but the Tornadoes could not get anything to fall , hitting just 15-of-50 shots overall , including 5-for-26 in the second half and 1-of-10 in the fourth quarter .
The Tornadoes netted the first four points of the game on a layup from Clemmons and a long jumper by Nelson . Patton 's 3-pointer from the right wing tied the game at six for the Phoenix , but Clemmons made two field goals and 1-of-2 foul shots during a personal 5-0 run to put Talladega back ahead , 11-6 , midway through the opening period .
A 15-footer by Nia Flowers and one free throw plus a baseline layup from Griffith knotted the contest at 11 . Goodrum 's layup and one foul shot by Patton finished an 8-0 run for Cumberland , but layups from Calhoun and Lyric Jordan put the Tornadoes ahead , 15-14 , at the end of one period .
The teams went back-and-forth to start the second quarter , with baskets from Norris and Tucker giving the Phoenix an 18-16 edge , but Deshanna Cook 's 3-pointer pushed Talladega back ahead .
Griffith picked up a loose ball in the paint and scored before a 3-pointer from the left wing by Norris . Tucker 's runner in the lane plus the foul put Cumberland in the lead , 28-22 , with just over four minutes left in the half .
Another runner by Tucker and two free throws from Goodrum extended the CU advantage to 33-24 , but the Tornadoes netted six of the final eight points of the period . Jordan 's old-fashioned 3-point play and one foul shot by Calhoun preceded two more free throws from Nelson , cutting the Cumberland lead to 35-30 at the break .
Norris and Tucker each scored nine points and Griffith added six off the bench for the Phoenix , who converted 11 Talladega turnovers into 15 points . Clemmons was the only player for either team in double figures with 10 points .
Patton 's 3-pointer three minutes into the third quarter were the first points of the second half for CU and the Phoenix did not hit another field goal until a Patton layup with 2:34 left in the period , scoring just two points over almost five minutes . Cumberland committed four turnovers during that stretch , but Talladega did not fare much better , only getting as close as two .
Nelson made a jumper and two free throws by Courtnee Williams cut the CU lead to 38-36 , but Norris extended the advantage with two foul shots of her own . Sydnee Clark 's layup pulled the Tornadoes within two again before Patton 's basket ended the scoring drought for CU .
Clark made another layup , making it 42-40 , but layups by Griffith and Norris in the final minute pushed the lead to six to start the fourth quarter . Tucker started the final period with a wide open 3-pointer , but the Phoenix did not make another field goal for almost four minutes .
Talladega continued to miss shots and free throws until a 3-pointer in the left corner by Cook pulled the visitors within 52-46 with 6:06 remaining . Kaitlin Oliver , who was limited to just 12 minutes of action because of foul trouble , had a big putback for Cumberland on the ensuing possession and a jumper by Norris pushed the lead to 56-47 with 3:56 to play .
Goodrum gathered a loose ball and made a nice outlet pass to Norris for a layup and the foul with 2:16 left on the clock , all but sealing the victory for CU .
Cumberland will travel to Stillman College on Thursday for a 5:30 p.m. tip-off before playing host to Huntington University on Saturday at 1 p.m. in the team 's final game before Christmas .
Makurdi Catholic Diocese confirms killing of two priests
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests , Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha , in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish , Ukpor , Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue .
A statement by its Director of Communications , Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu , said that the attacks were perpetrated by herdsmen who stormed the Mbalom community and killed the two priests during the morning mass at the church .
The Diocese expressed regret at the nonchalant attitude of the security agencies in containing the killings .
It said the herdsmen , who stormed the community , burnt down houses , destroyed crops and killed people .
The church , therefore , urged the relevant authorities to stop the killings in the Benue valley .
Iorapuu said the Diocese had been active in providing food and relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons ( IDP 's ) since the onset of hostilities in the state and wondered why it could be marked as a target of attacks .
“ The attacks on the priests is an attack on everything that we ever stood for and believed in . ”
Meanwhile , concerted efforts to get reaction from the Benue Police Command failed as its Public Relations Officer , ASP Moses Yamu , was not forthcoming with remarks .
The post Makurdi Catholic Diocese confirms killing of two priests appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot Wednesday morning at a congressional baseball practice , officials said . President Donald Trump said the suspect has died from his injuries .
Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Ala. , said several other people also were hit , including two law enforcement officers . CBS News has confirmed the shooter is identified as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Illinois .
Click the image below for complete coverage of the shooting
Scalise represents the state 's 1st Congressional District , which includes Jefferson , Lafourche , Orleans , Plaquemines , St. Bernard , St. Tammany , Tangipahoa and Terrebonne parishes .
Gov . John Bel Edwards joined members of the Louisiana Legislature and the public in a prayer for Congressman Scalise in the Louisiana State Capitol Rotunda . The governor also spoke during the gathering .
RELATED : Statements from government officials regarding congressional baseball practice shooting
The Alexandria Police Department reported five people were taken to the hospital for treatment . Police officials added none of the injuries are considered life-threatening . Officials said the investigation is ongoing , but the city is safe .
Police Chief Michael Brown said the shooting happened just after 7 a.m . He added the FBI will be taking over the investigation . A spokesman with the FBI said it is too early in the investigation to say if this was an act of terrorism or whether members of Congress were being directly targeted in the shooting .
According to a statement released by Scalise 's office , the congressman was taken to MedStar Washington Hospital Center and underwent surgery . The statement added he was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone prior to surgery . CBS News reported shortly before 10 a.m. that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Scalise was out of surgery .
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https : //t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise ( @ SteveScalise ) June 14 , 2017
The team roster shows Scalise was the only member of the Louisiana congressional delegation at the practice .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press and WAFB . All rights reserved .
UK Police Clears Demagogue Prof. Alexia Thomas Of Fraud Allegations
On the 23/09/2016 , Prof. Alexia Thomas was arrested by the Police at Charring Cross Station , London in the United Kingdom because she was working in an Open Office Server at 8 Northumberland Avenue , WC2N 5BY and had no Security Officials or Body Guard at the Time of being taken Hostage and detained for 4 days.…
The post UK Police Clears Demagogue Prof. Alexia Thomas Of Fraud Allegations appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you 're baffled by the way the Trump campaign and now administration seems to be able to weather scandal after scandal , Vox has a few answers . The American culture and politics website has put together a video looking at Donald Trump 's campaign manager/counsellor/chief defender Kellyanne Conway and her interview techniques .
Host Carlos Maza ( who describes the process of interviewing her as “ like trying to staple Jell-O to a wall ” ) interviews former US national debate champion Seth Gannon to breakdown Conway 's superhuman ability to answer questions she has not been asked , and not answer questions she has . They identify four key techniques :
First , Conway 's ability to detect an opening in the question that will allow her to take her answer somewhere else . She will mirror a keyword or phrase in the question at the start of her answer , to give the vague impression she 's addressing the question , before veering off onto whatever topic she 'd rather discuss . This is so blatant that at one point , Conway actually pauses and winks as it 's happening .
Second , as happened with much of the Trump campaign , Conway exploits the understood accord between media and politician ; in this case , the natural politeness of an interviewer . She knows if she obfuscates enough times , an interviewer is more likely to move on to the next topic than appear rude . ( Side note : would an interview between Conway and Jeremy Paxman ever actually end ? )
Third , the classic political trick of passing the buck . She has no responsibility for policy and can , in the face of tricky questions on that policy , simply say she does n't know .
And finally , she can fall back on the fundamental Trump tactic of simply making something up . Her key role since the start of the administration has been massaging Trump statements into more palatable versions of what they are — see her re-invention of his baseless voter fraud claims as concerns around registration .
The video is light-hearted , but maddening and faintly ominous , because Conway 's gymnastics and refusal to give any clarity on White House positions has not cost her or the administration their platform . As Maza says “ just remember , she 's doing her job — it 's the news shows that keep booking her that are letting you down ” .
Something to bear in mind as Conway is inevitably trotted out on various news shows explaining the Michael Flynn situation , or whatever the most recent scandal is by the time this goes to print . — Charlie Lewis
By Grace Chingoma
Platinum coach Norman Mapeza is worried by the way his team keeps dropping points at home after midfielder Gerald Takwara missed a sitter in this goalless draw at Mandava yesterday .
It was a third draw on the trot for the Zvishavane miners and their coach , who guided the Zimbabwe Warriors to a 3-0 win in an AFCON qualifier on Sunday , is getting impatient .
“ It 's getting worrisome , I ca n't keep dropping points at home . If it was away , it would have been better .
“ I think it 's two points lost . We could have done better with the last-minute opportunity , but we simply need to keep on working hard , ”  he said .
The hosts were twice denied a goal by agile Harare City goalkeeper , Maxwell Nyamupangedengu as he decisively dealt with close attempts by Rodwell Chinyengetere and Talent Chawapiwa .
But the best chance fell to Takwara who found himself unmarked in front of goal , deep into stoppage time , but somehow blasted his effort over the bar .
“ We still have a game in hand and we are behind by a few points . If the log leaders were on 40 points , we would be worried , ”  said Mapeza .
Harare City coach Philani ‘ Beefy' Ncube was happy with a point picked on the road .
“ As much as we wanted three points , we missed some chances , but we are happy because a point away is like a win , ”  he said .
“ So far , there are a lot of positives . This is a process and we will reinforce our strikeforce . Overall , everyone acquitted himself very well , ”  said Ncube .
The exciting Tatenda Tumba made some good runs , but twice forward William Manondo failed to convert from close range .
* Teams : *
FC Platinum : P. Mhari , R. Muduviwa , E. Moyo , I. Nekati , G. Takwara , N. Masuku , B. Amidu ( W. Mhango 77th min ) , R. Chinyengetere , T. Chawapiwa ( I. Wadi 84th min ) , H. Bakacheza ( C. Sibanda 30th min )
Harare City : M. Nyamupangedengu , H. Chapusha , R. Uchena , J. Tigere , P. Mpelele , F. Madhananga , T. Samanja , M. Vengesai ( T. Chimwemwe 69th min ) , T. Tumba ( G. Kufandada 76th min ) W. Manondo The Herald
Dublin SFC throws in this week 17 April 2017
St Vincent 's Diarmuid Connolly .
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne . St Vincent 's Diarmuid Connolly.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne .
The Dublin SFC gets underway this week .
Regarded as the most competitive football championship in the country , there is a full round of first round games scheduled for Thursday , Friday and Saturday .
There are five games down for decision on Thursday with Parnell Park hosting a double-header which features St. Jude 's v Naomh Mearnog and 2016 All-Ireland club champions Ballyboden St. Enda 's v St. Oliver Plunkett 's / Eoghan Ruadh in the tie of the round . Kilmacud Crokes take on Erin 's Isle in O'Toole Park , Parnells face Fingal Ravens in Balgriffin , while Whitehall Colmcille meet St. Mary 's , Saggart at the 12th Lock .
Holders St. Vincent 's begin their title defence against Round Towers , Clondalkin on Saturday at 6pm in Parnell Park .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
MADRID ( AP ) — Official statistics show Spain 's economy grew 3.1 percent in 2017 , two percentage points slower than the previous year but still above the European Union average .
The National Statistics Institute said Tuesday that GDP growth slowed in the final quarter to 0.7 percent , from 0.8 percent and 0.9 percent in the third and second quarters .
The statistics were in line with recent estimates by Spain 's Central Bank , which said that strong exports were offsetting the negative effects of uncertainty in Catalonia . It warned , however , of risks ahead if the independence bid in the prosperous northeastern region keeps the political crisis alive .
Spain 's conservative government has made economic growth and job creation its chief goals since taking office in 2011 .
It predicts the economy will grow 2.5 percent in 2018 .
It 's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food . Sign Up Today !
Want to share a recipe ?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
Victims of attacks in Israel can not use an 18th century law to sue the Jordanian-based Arab Bank , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday in a precedent-setting case for other foreign businesses , according to the AFP news agency .
The decision rests on a legal provision almost 230 years old .
Many hot rodders have been looking forward to Father 's Day weekend for decades , the time of year devoted to a worldwide favorite : the L.A. Roadsters Show & Swap Meet . It has played a significant role in our hobby 's history thanks to the efforts of the L.A. Roadsters , a club that formed in 1957 and launched the event three years later . The show evolved into a well-oiled machine , with a huge swap meet , an area dedicated to hundreds of pre-'37 roadsters/cabriolets , a specialty parking area open to well over 1,000 pre-'78 automobiles , and dozens of professional vendors scattered across the show grounds .
In 2017 , John Buck and the team of Roadster Shows Inc. , the same folks who put together the Grand National Roadster Show , took over the happening . They renamed it L.A. Roadster Show & Swap—that 's “ Roadster ” singular . It resulted in a new price structure for participants , including roadster owners , who until then were able to enter for free . Another major change took place this year , when Sunday was dropped from the schedule altogether . Shocking ? Not really . Over the decades , Father 's Days have seen lighter foot traffic compared to Saturdays . It seems that some longtime hot rodders now prefer spending time visiting with their children and grandchildren on Sunday .
The weekend of activities was therefore condensed to Friday and Saturday , with numerous vendors/swappers setting up early Thursday . While the weather has been brutally hot during the last few years , the 2018 edition proved very pleasant , making the LARS experience truly enjoyable . Considering this year 's smaller turnout , let 's hope our scene will support the show in larger numbers in 2019 .
CAMP HILL , Pa. — Rite Aid Corp. expects to strengthen its store base with the sale of nearly 2,200 units to Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. ( WBA ) .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Rite Aid said it would have 2,336 stores following the sale , compared with 4,522 currently . The chain said that its store portfolio will be higher performing in both the front end and the pharmacy . Average sales per store for Rite Aid after the transaction will be $ 6.11 million ( $ 4.13 million from pharmacy and $ 1.98 million from the front end ) , compared with the current $ 5.74 million ( $ 3.92 million from pharmacy and $ 1.81 million from the front end ) . The average weekly prescription count per store is pegged at 1,385 following the transaction , versus 1,277 for the present store base .
Of the outlets the chain is keeping , 1,337 ( 57 % ) are Wellness stores , versus 2,417 ( 53 % ) in the current portfolio . Company executives have said that , compared with other Rite Aid locations , Wellness stores have shown an approximately 1 % higher prescription count and more than 3 % higher front-end sales .
The remaining store base — which is concentrated on the West Coast and in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan and New Jersey — “ is a financially stronger group of stores on a per-store basis than the store base today , ” chairman and chief executive officer John Standley told analysts after Rite Aid and WBA announced the sale and the termination of their planned merger . “ We will have higher average front-end sales , script count and EBITDA per store . Almost 60 % of the stores have been remodeled to our groundbreaking Wellness format , and these stores are in cities and communities where we have strong market share and are very competitive . ”
Under the new agreement , WBA is buying 2,186 stores , three distribution centers and related inventory from Rite Aid for $ 5.175 billion in cash . WBA also agreed to pay Rite Aid a breakup fee of $ 325 million . The deal would leave Rite Aid with stores in 28 states , compared with its current trade area of 31 states and the District of Columbia . It would exit Indiana , South Carolina , Utah and Washington , D.C .
Rite Aid said it plans to use $ 4.92 billion of the $ 5.5 billion in proceeds from the deal to pay down debt . For its 2017 fiscal year ended March 4 , Rite Aid had total debt of about $ 7.3 billion .
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK , Calif. ( AP ) — There may be no more potent reminder of California 's humongous snowfall than the plows still clearing roads that snake across the state 's highest mountains as summer approaches .
Crews have been digging , blowing and blasting for months — and the work is not finished , though an approaching heat wave could speed up the process .
`` We 're almost at the middle of June and we still have lots of passes that are n't open , '' said Florene Trainor , a spokeswoman for the California Department of Transportation .
Few roads traverse the Sierra Nevada , the rocky spine running 400 miles up the state that is home to Yosemite National Park . Mountain passes are typically open by Memorial Day .
The only road through Yosemite , Highway 120 , remained closed this week as crews dig out from snows that topped 20 feet and drifted well over 50 feet .
On a recent day , the park 's entrance station at 9,945-foot high Tioga Pass was buried in snow .
But the serenity of the Sierra Nevada , with birds chirping beneath snow-crested peaks that tower above 12,000 feet , was shaken by the roar and beep of plows , excavators and massive machines carving through 15-foot snowbanks and moving giant blocks of snow . Big snow blowers sent plumes arcing through the air and off the side of the road .
As the Caltrans crew dug the entrance out from the east , a crew from the park was working from the west to clear the road that winds its way to Yosemite Valley , the park 's top destination .
Caltrans had begun inching its way up the road more than two months ago when it seemed more like winter . It snowed on and off throughout the spring , with a late-season storm hitting last weekend .
The air is clean and views are stunning , but working here is not for the faint of heart as drivers maneuver large machines along narrow ribbons that feel suspended above an abyss . Helicopter footage shot this spring for Caltrans showed the small margin for error in places where the road clung to cliffs and then vanished under a white blanket where the path was obscured .
`` It 's spooky , it 's nerve-wracking ... especially when you ca n't see the road . You 're on a big sled , '' said Clint Weier , a maintenance superintendent with Caltrans . `` Some of our operators up here have had some wow factors . ''
Avalanches stampede down granite walls , taking trees and rocks with them that choke roads . In one section , tree trunks and branches from a previous slide poked from sheer snowbanks littered with pine needles and other debris from a previous snow slide .
Rockslides pose a threat even after workers use charges and other methods to release snow slides to alleviate the danger . Slides and the crushing weight of the snowpack damaged guardrails in some places that serve as the lone barrier between the road and a precipitous drop that plunges hundreds of feet east of the park entrance .
A Yosemite plow driver was killed by an avalanche in 1995 and now maintenance workers in the park complete avalanche safety courses to work on the road , park spokesman Scott Gediman said .
The park 's official map notes that the eastern entrance atop the state 's highest automobile pass is typically closed through May , but it usually opens later after a snowy winter , Gediman said Tuesday . There 's no date yet to open the road through the park .
Just to the north of the park , Sonora Pass opened Tuesday . Ebbetts Pass farther north remains closed , said Skip Allum , a Caltrans spokesman . To the south , crews plowed the road over Minaret Summit near Mammoth Mountain ski area .
In Lassen Volcanic National Park , much farther north , deep snow still buries the road that circles the southernmost peak in the Cascade Range . The road is expected to open in early July .
The snowpack presented an additional challenge this year because it was heavily saturated with water . The dense and frozen snow was harder to cut through , heavier to move and broke equipment , Paul Jensen , a Caltrans plow driver , said .
Jensen has been working overtime all spring to get the road into Yosemite open and has n't minded working weekends . He considers it a labor of love .
`` Twenty years and I 'm still not tired of it , '' Jensen said . `` It 's my favorite time of the year . ''
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles .
The Histadrut Hamorim teachers ' union announced , Monday , that its members will start work at 11:00 am on Tuesday from kindergarden to 12th grade except for special education , which will operate as usual .
The union claims thousands of educational employees have been severely hurt by what it called the Education Ministry 's faulty implementation of wage conversions under its Ofek Hadash ( New Horizon ) reforms and faulty implementation of understandings between the Histadrut Labor Federation and the Finance Ministry . Specificly , it says the treasury did not discuss reimbursement for teacher travel expenses .
The Shelter for Abused Women & Children
Kirsten Ferrara , Linda Oberhaus
Wynnell Schrenk , Teri Kuhn , Linda Malone
Simone Lutgert , Heather Dockweiler
Jennifer Hyman
Barbara Jordan , Shelly Stayer , Patty Baker
Juliana Meek , Barbara Meek
Lisa Arundale , Jamie Anderson , Nancy White , Jennifer Hyman , Pat Wheeler , Colleen Murphy
Kaleigh Grover , Melissa Kaplan , Brenda Melton , Carly Stewart
Lisa Spiller , Gillian Campbell , Sandy Cotter
What : Old Bags Luncheon and Handbag Auction with guest speaker Jennifer Hyman , Rent The Runway co-founder and CEO
Who : Guests and Supporters of the shelter
Where : The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort , Naples
The Event Was Sponsored by Naples Illustrated
`` Talk of a mass walkout is just nonsense , absolute nonsense '' 15 February 2017
The Down team take to the field
©INPHO The Down team take to the field©INPHO
Down 's top official has voiced his support for beleaguered senior football manager Eamonn Burns .
Last Sunday 's Division 2 defeat to Clare has heaped further pressure on Burns while Down GAA 's official Twitter account 'liked ' a tweet calling on the Bryansford clubman to walk away .
In an interview with The Irish News , Mourne County chairman Sean Rooney has attempted to diffuse the situation and dismissed the possibility of a player revolt against Burns and his backroom team .
“ Nothing happened at the weekend as far as we are concerned , ” Rooney remarked .
“ We 're being misrepresented that @ officialDownGAA liked a tweet that Eamonn should go . That tweet was certainly not endorsed by Down GAA .
“ We 're committed to working with the players and management to see us out of this rut that we 're in . We 're in a sticky situation because we 've lost a couple of games but that stuff that 's happening on Twitter is malicious and it does n't represent the Down County Board at all . ”
The Niagara River Lions picked up a huge road win Friday night , outlasting the Windsor Express 102-99 in overtime .
The River Lions led 30-25 after one quarter of play and 48-46 at the half , but trailed 73-71 going into the fourth quarter as the game was tied 95-95 at the end of regulation .
Lions head coach Joe Raso was extremely happy with his team 's performance .
“ This was a huge win for us , ” said Raso . `` This team 's ( Windsor ) hot . ''
The Express had won three straight entering the contest including two straight victories over defending champion London .
“ The fact that we could have won ( the game ) in regulation , and did n't , and then to comeback in overtime we showed a little bit of a character . We made some free throws down the stretch . We listened . It was a lot of fun to coach the guys tonight . ”
Stats were not available from Windsor but every River Lion saw the floor in the win as the Lions improved to ( 12-13 ) on the season in the National Basketball League of Canada Central Division standings .
Windsor fell to ( 10-12 ) with the loss .
Raso pointed out a play late that cemented his appreciation of the all around team effort .
“ Their ( Express ) out of bounds play with five seconds left , Sam ( Muldrow ) reading the play , denying the guy the ball and then Sam making the steal – that was a difference maker tonight . ”
Raso was also keen to mention the newcomers to the Niagara line-up , as C.J . Aiken , Ronnie Wilson and Devonta Pollard all contributed to the victory .
“ C.J . had a great third quarter for us . The chemistry on the floor was good for us , and all three of them were big for us on both ends of the floor . ”
The River Lions travel to London Saturday night to take on the ( 14-8 ) Lightning .
“ Every game is huge in this league , but this tonight was one win that I 'm really proud of them , ” Raso added .
German Carmakers Fighting Diesel Rebellion
German automakers committed Wednesday to fitting over 5 million diesel cars in the country with updated software to reduce harmful emissions and to finance incentives for drivers to trade in older models , the transport minister said .
Wednesday 's `` diesel summit '' brought together leading ministers and state governors with bosses from Volkswagen , Porsche , Audi , Mercedes , BMW , Opel and Ford . It came amid worries about possible bans on driving older diesel cars in some cities and wider questions over whether diesel as a technology even has a future .
Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt said the automakers will fit some 5.3 million diesel cars with new software , starting `` in the coming months . '' The VDA auto industry group said that applies to most diesel cars of types made since 2009 . It said the aim is to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by 25-30 percent , and the overall figure includes 2.5 million vehicles already being refitted by Volkswagen .
The automakers also agreed to come up with self-financed incentives to encourage drivers to get older vehicles off the road faster , Dobrindt said .
BMW said it would give owners of older diesels registered before 2009 an `` environment bonus '' of up to 2,000 euros ( $ 2,360 ) if they trade in their older for a new electric or hybrid model , or for a lower-emissions internal combustion car meeting current standards .
The auto industry also is to contribute an unspecified amount to a German government `` sustainable mobility fund '' for cities aimed at using technology to make traffic flow better .
Dobrindt said the government will invest some 250 million euros ( $ 295 million ) more in modernizing city public transport fleets such as buses and taxis .
Volkswagen has been under intense scrutiny since admitting nearly two years ago that it equipped vehicles with software that manipulated emissions levels . German automakers have been under additional pressure in recent weeks following a report that the biggest companies colluded for years over diesel technology and other issues .
German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks criticized VDA 's statement on measures offered at the summit Wednesday , saying the tone `` was marked too little by insight and humility . ''
Industry executives appeared at their own post-summit news conference and underlined measures they are taking . Daimler is voluntarily updating engine control software on 3 million vehicles in Europe , or almost all the diesels it has sold since 2009 ; Volkswagen 's Audi is updating 850,000 and BMW more than 300,000 . They said diesel technology would remain important for years to come , since diesels emit less carbon dioxide and make it easier to meet regulator 's goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming .
Volkswagen CEO Matthias Mueller said that convention and electric cars would `` coexist '' for some time , and that the company had to invest in both . Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche said his company had invested 3 billion euros in newer , lower emissions diesels while it is putting 10 billion euros into expanding its range of battery-powered vehicles .
`` We are moving ahead consistently with sustainable mobility , '' said BMW CEO Harald Krueger .
Even before Wednesday 's meeting , industry critics and some officials had called for wider-ranging refits going beyond software updates . Industry representatives indicated that was n't realistic , said Stephan Weil , the governor of Lower Saxony state , although the topic will be examined further by experts .
`` The automakers have got their way again , '' said Herbert Behrens , a lawmaker with the opposition Left Party . `` They are getting a cheap version to keep selling dirty diesels . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Volkswagen AG TDI Clean Diesels product by Volkswagen .
Read more on : Automotive , Germany , Automakers , BMW , Emissions
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) - A lawsuit claims Iowa 's new voter identification law violates the state constitution .
Priorities USA Foundation says the lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court in Des Moines . The national group , which is covering legal costs , provided a copy of the lawsuit .
It 's the first legal challenge against the new ID requirement and its provisions . Parts of the law will be in effect for Iowa 's upcoming June 5 primary , though a requirement to show ID to cast a regular ballot wo n't be in place until 2019 .
The lawsuit 's plaintiffs are the League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and an Iowa State University student .
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate is named as a defendant in the suit . His office did not respond to a request for comment .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the `` activate now '' button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Lonzo Ball and Kyle Kuzma have gone to great lengths to roast each other in the Los Angeles Lakers ' Troll Wars , but Kuz 's latest salvo takes the cake . The first-team All-Rookie performer went full Hollywood , joining forces with Bleacher Report for a “ Chappelle Show ” -style “ Player Haters Ball , ” in which Kuzma—as “ Bungalow Brown ” —digs at Zo 's face , hip-hop tastes , jump shot and more .
[ WARNING : The following video contains language that is NSFW . ]
Kudos to Kuz for pulling this off while wearing his now-signature mink overcoat .
14 years is an eternity in gaming , and Beyond Good and Evil 's sequel/prequel is a rare tale of development hell that managed to turn itself around . Ancel explained to Engadget that the gaming technology of the time , around 2006 , simply was n't capable enough to replicate the team 's vision for the game series : a space opera that encompassed not only multiple cities but multiple planets and online play that could involve your friends .
But it 's 2017 : No Man 's Sky , the GTA series and Mass Effect have shown what 's possible now . Scale is a word that came up several times during the presentation . The planet `` System 3 '' is at the center of both the trailer and a brief in-game engine preview Ubisoft showed us . The BGE2 team has made a proprietary new in-game engine : it exists , it works , and we got to see multiple spaceships and Knox the monkey move around within it .
Ancel tapped away at a keyboard and zoomed out from the city to reveal even more cities across the world . He zoomed out further to show the dark side of the planet ravaged by asteroids , then even further to the planets and stars surrounding it . He then tinkered with it even further , adjusting the angles of light on key character Knox . He then took control of a spaceship and blasted away from a giant Ganesh statue at hyperspeed , touring System 3 and showcasing the speed at which the game scales . It 's not perfect , but it 's fast and smooth . No more `` light-speed jump '' loading screens ? That 's the dream .
Home Depot Inc
Portfolio Manager Jim Golan of William Blair & Company says Home Depot Inc ( NYSE : HD ) will benefit from an acceleration in new home construction , and that the company also has an opportunity to gain market share from weaker retailers .
We purchased the company several years ago , coming off of the housing bust of 2008/2009 , when we viewed it as a fallen growth company . We thought the market at that time had an overly negative view of the ultimate earnings power of Home Depot .
Single-family construction , which is a major thing people look at , was down significantly , and home improvement spending on existing homes was also down fairly significantly because home values were down . If we get some reversion to the mean , Home Depot could potentially benefit at some point down the road . That has occurred over the past several years as single-family home construction has accelerated , home prices have improved , and people are spending money again .
The other thing we found interesting was the opportunity to gain market share from weaker retailers , most notably Sears ( NASDAQ : SHLD ) , which has been struggling for the past several years , particularly in the home-appliance side , and that created an opportunity for Home Depot to take share , which they have been doing successfully . We still believe that we are below prior peak levels in terms of new home construction and also in terms of overall spending on existing homes . We think the outlook is actually fairly positive for Home Depot as we move forward .
What gives us more confidence is job growth and wages are priorities for the new administration . Jobs and growing wages are really important drivers for Home Depot . If people have jobs and their wages are growing , they are most likely going to spend money on their homes . If they do that , that 's going to help Home Depot in terms of their topline revenue growth .
We still see some opportunities to improve overall operating margins , and Home Depot throws off a lot of cash , which means they can increase the dividend and buy back stock . We have a company here in a potentially strengthening economic environment that can grow earnings over the next few years and selling at slight premium to the market on a p/e basis . We still think Home Depot has a long runway of growth and remains a fairly significant holding within our portfolio .
The Austrian Social Democratic Party has announced that it had decided to sever its ties `` immediately '' with Tal Silberstein , the Israeli strategic consultant who was arrested on Monday on suspicion of involvement in the money laundering affair of billionaire Benny Steinmetz .
The party , which is considered a senior member of the Austrian coalition , hired Silberstein for the October elections .
Even so , they believe they have the quarterback in place to lift a struggling franchise .
They 've spent the off-season trying to surround him with the pieces he needs to reach his potential , hiring offensive-minded coach Matt Nagy to replace John Fox and signing receiver Allen Robinson .
Now , they have another chance to land a major contributor . Whether they go for help on offence or a potential centerpiece on defence in the first round , Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson and Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith would seem to fit .
Pace said the Bears have identified eight players they would be comfortable taking at No . 8 . None are quarterbacks , though he believes a strong class this year works to Chicago 's advantage .
Pace was also asked about the decision to let receiver Cameron Meredith sign with New Orleans . The team 's leading receiver in 2016 , he missed last season because of a knee injury .
Because the Bears tendered him at the low restricted free agent level , they did not get any compensation from the Saints .
`` Obviously he was coming off an injury , '' said Pace , who worked in New Orleans ' front office before the Bears hired him as GM in 2015 .
`` We lean on our training staff and our docs . Hey , I 've got a lot of respect for Cam and a lot of respect for the organization he went to ( Saints ) . We wish him luck . ''
Pace also said the Bears will decide whether to pick up receiver Kevin White 's fifth-year option after the draft .
It seems unlikely they will , considering the West Virginia product has been limited to just five games since Chicago selected him with the No . 7 pick in 2015 .
`` Right now it 's all focused on the draft , '' Pace said . `` Then once the draft 's over , we 'll meet with him and his agent and make that decision . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Andrew Seligman , The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Julia Roberts is stepping out to present her longtime friend and frequent co-star George Clooney with one of the highest honors in film .
The American Film Institute says Wednesday that Roberts will be on hand to give Clooney the 46th AFI Life Achievement Award at a gala to be held at the Dolby Theatre on June 7 .
Roberts has co-starred with Clooney in a number of films including `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' `` Ocean 's Twelve '' and `` Money Monster . '' She also starred in his directorial debut `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind . ''
The AFI tribute to Clooney will be broadcast on TNT on June 21 at 10:00 p.m. Eastern and Pacific .
The International Gymnastics Federation ( FIG ) has become the first international governing body to alter its website address to include `` .sport '' .
It comes after the initiative was rolled out by the Global Association of International Sports Federations ( GAISF ) .
From now on , the FIG website will be www.gymnastics.sport and a redesign has also been carried out to go with the change .
`` We like this concept of having a domain name that clearly means what the International Gymnastics Federation is , '' said FIG President Morinari Watanabe .
`` The GAISF approach , which offers the opportunity to control a full portfolio of relevant names linked to the FIG activities , will allow us to be more visible in an internet search and , therefore , to increase our digital footprint . ''
FIG will now add other web addresses for their various disciplines , including artistic-gymnastics.sport , rhythmic-gymnastics.sport , trampoline.sport and parkour.sport .
Equivalents in more than 30 languages will also be registered .
The GAISF initiative has been a protracted process which has been ongoing since 2012 and has been subject to longstanding legal complications and delays .
As part of the pre-launch programme , a select group of websites is due to go live in the next few weeks , becoming among the first ever at `` .sport '' .
A consolidated launch period is then scheduled to take place from September 4 to November 6 .
Web addresses with .sport for various disciplines will be rolled out ©Getty Images
General availability is set to begin on January 8 next year .
Premium pricing applies during the consolidated launch period .
Standard pricing will apply starting with general availability .
As a community extension `` .sport '' has made membership in the community an eligibility requirement for registering a `` .sport '' domain .
During the consolidated launch period , these include : federations , sport organisations and governing bodies , clubs and teams , cities and public authorities , athletes and practitioners , sport organisers , event sponsors , sport brands and corporate partners , sport media and sport facilities .
In addition to individual registration , there will be special programmes for name categories that are subject to special requirements .
These include discipline names , key sport vocabulary , geographic names and generic names .
International federations will largely operate their corresponding discipline names across multiple domains and languages .
Geographic domains will be registered by public authorities from municipalities around the world .
Generic names may be registered by content providers who will operate them in a non-discriminatory way based on advertising models .
In 2019 , it is anticipated that pre-validated promotional coupons for `` .sport '' domain registration will be made available through the International Federations to their national and regional governing bodies .
Authorities say they have arrested the man suspected of breaking into a home in West Baton Rouge Parish .
The West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff 's Office reported the residential burglary on South River Road on Saturday just before 3 a.m .
Kentrell J Ross , 33 , of Port Allen , was arrested and charged with simple burglary and felony theft in connection with the burglary .
Ross was booked into the West Baton Rouge Parish jail .
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
HFPA
We are officially in the thick of awards season , thanks to this morning 's announcements of the 75th Annual Golden Globe Award nominations from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . The nominees were read by Alfre Woodard , Garrett Hedlund , Kristen Bell and Sharon Stone and include many we all saw coming ( Lady Bird and Get Out , natch ) and some that will leave many scratching their heads ( we now live in a world with “ the Golden Globe-nominated Boss Baby. ” ) Also of note : Christopher Plummer has earned a nomination for his last-minute work on All the Money in the World , in which he subbed in for the disgraced Kevin Spacey .
We 'll find out who wins when Seth Meyers hosts the 75th Annual Golden Globes on Sunday , January 7 , 2017 starting at 8 pm ET on NBC .
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Motion Picture- Musical/Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I , Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet , Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis , Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks , The Post
Gary Oldman , The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington , Roman J. Israel , Esq .
Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain , Molly 's Game
Sally Hawkins , The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Meryl Streep , The Post
Michelle Williams , All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical/Comedy
Steve Carell , Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort , Baby Driver
James Franco , The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman , The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya , Get Out
Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical/Comedy
Judi Dench , Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie , I , Tonya
Saoirse Ronan , Lady Bird
Emma Stone , Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren , The Leisure Seeker
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe , The Florida Project
Armie Hammer , Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins , The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer , All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige , Mudbound
Hong Chau , Downsizing
Allison Janney , I , Tonya
Laurie Metcalf , Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer , The Shape of Water
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro , The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Christopher Nolan , Dunkirk
Ridley Scott , All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg , The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Molly 's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Foreign Langauge Film
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Television Series – Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid 's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Television Series – Comedy
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Musical/Comedy
Anthony Anderson – Black-ish
Aziz Ansari – Master of None
Kevin Bacon – I Love Dick
William H. Macy – Shameless
Eric McCormack – Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actress – Musical/Comedy
Pamela Adlon – Better Things
Alison Brie – Glow
Issa Rae – Insecure
Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Frankie Shaw – SMILF
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Drama
Sterling K. Brown , This is Us
Freddie Highmore , The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk , Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber , Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman , Ozark
Best Actress Television Performance by an Actress – Drama
Caitriona Balfe , Outlander
Claire Foy , The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal , The Deuce
Katherine Langford , 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss , The Handmaid 's Tale
Best Television Performance by an Actor – Limited Series
Robert De Niro – The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law – The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan – Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor – Fargo
Geoffrey Rush – Genius
Best Television Performance by an Actress – Limited Series
Jessica Biel – The Sinner
Nicole Kidman – Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange – Feud : Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon – Feud : Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon – Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor – Television
Alfred Molina – Feud : Bette and Joan
Alexander Skarsgard – Big Little Lies
David Thewlis – Fargo
David Harbour – Stranger Things
Christian Slater – Mr . Robot
Best Supporting Actress – Television
Laura Dern – Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd – The Handmaid 's Tale
Chrissy Metz – This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer – The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley – Big Little Lies
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud : Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake : China Girl
Leeds United got 2017 underway in winning style when hosting bottom of the table Rotherham United at Elland Road .
Recap the key moments with our matchday live hub . Let us know your thoughts on the match by Tweeting us @ YEPSportsdesk or commenting on the Leeds United - YEP Facebook Football page .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Get more from the Yorkshire Post Sports team
Like the Leeds United - YEP Facebook Football
Follow the Yorkshire Post 's new Instagram account - @ leedsunitedyep
Get the latest news by liking our Twitter account : @ YEPSportsdesk
Senate seat : Hussain , Adeleke are APC , PDP candidates
A former commissioner in Osun State , Mudashiru Hussein , was elected yesterday as the Progressives Congress ( APC ) candidate for Osun West Senatorial District 's July 8 by-election .
He polled 2,412 of the 2,413 votes cast in the party 's primary held at the De Distinguished Event Centre on the outskirts of Osogbo in Egbedore Local Government Area of Osun State .
Zamfara State House of Assembly Speaker Sanusi Rikiji , who chaired the Screening Committee for the by-election , declared Hussein winner of the election .
Rikiji said 2,560 delegates participated in the poll .
Hussein survived disqualification twice from APC 's Screening Committee and the Appeal , following the intervention of the party 's National Working Committee ( NWC ) , which cleared him to participate in the primary .
He became the party 's sole aspirant when Ademola Adeleke , his co-contestant and younger brother to the former occupant of the seat , the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke , defected to the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
Adeleke also won yesterday 's primary of the PDP held at its Iwo Township Stadium .
He got 343 votes .
Husain expressed his commitment to the welfare of the people of Osun West Senatorial District , the advancement of democracy and good governance in the country .
In his acceptance speech , the APC candidate described his victory as significant for the party , residents of Osun West Senatorial District and those of other parts of Osun State .
He noted that the party 's primary was a testament to the life-changing developments in APC-led administration of Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola of Osun State .
Hussain called for a minute silence in honour of the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke .
He expressed appreciation to APC National Chairman , Chief John Odigiwe-Oyegun , Osun State Governor Rauf Aregbesola as well as leaders and members of the party throughout the country for their support .
Osun State APC said Ademola Adeleke , who defected to the PDP , was never its member .
In a statement by its spokesperson Kunle Oyatomi , the party said : “ We received a letter conveying the decision of Otunba Ademola Adeleke to withdraw from the primaries being conducted today ( yesterday ) in which he is slated to contest as a candidate for the position of senator for Osun West Senatorial District on the platform of APC… ”
Ademola Adeleke , the younger brother to the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke , was elected yesterday as the flagbearer of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) ahead of the July 8 by-election for Osun West Senatorial District .
Adeleke , who defected to the PDP from APC on Tuesday night , got 343 votes through an affirmation at the party 's primary conducted by the Chief Pegba Otemolu-led National Committee of PDP 's national secretariat in Abuja .
Two other contestants for the seat on the platform of the PDP – former Minister of the Youth Development , Senator Olasunkanmi Akinlabi , and a retired Colonel of the Army , Olayiwola Falabi – earlier cleared for the primary on Tuesday night , stepped down for Adeleke after he showed intention to dump the APC .
Until Monday , Adeleke was the sole aspirant of the APC .
But Mudashiru Hussain , who had been disqualified by the party 's Screening Committee , appealed the verdict and was cleared by the National Working Committee ( NWC ) .
It was gathered that Adeleke wrote a letter to the APC to withdraw from the race on its platform .
That left Hussain as the party 's sole aspirant in today 's primary holding at Egbedore Local Government Area , on the outskirts of Osogbo , the state capital .
After the primary , Ademola Adeleke assured his supporters that the PDP would win the July 8 by-election .
He said : “ We shall coast home to victory by the grace of God . Nothing can stop us . We are winning this election . ”
Also addressing reporters , Osun PDP Chairman Soji Adagunodo said the primary was transparent .
He said : “ You can see that we are open and transparent in our primary election . With the consensus candidate , we are going to win July 8 by-election . We would have a landslide victory .
“ Ademola Adeleke was our member before he joined the APC . Now , he has come back . What happened today is a sign of good things to come in 2018 when we will win the 2018 governorship election . ”
The post Senate seat : Hussain , Adeleke are APC , PDP candidates appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Conjuring franchise continues to expand , with New Line getting to work on a Conjuring 2 spinoff based around the character of the Crooked Man .
Mike Van Waes has been hired to pen the script from a story by James Wan , who serves as the chief architect of the Conjuring universe .
The Crooked Man made his first appearance in The Conjuring 2 , the Wan-helmed horror hit that opened in theaters in June . The film series stars Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga as Lorraine and Ed Warren , the real-life paranormal researchers who help people whose homes have been plagued by malicious spirits .
Wan and Peter Safran are producing The Crooked Man , the next chapter in this growing universe .
The Crooked Man character is based on an English nursery rhyme : `` There was a crooked man , and he walked a crooked mile./He found a crooked sixpence upon a crooked stile./He bought a crooked cat , which caught a crooked mouse./And they all lived together in a little crooked house . ''
The tall , slender character has had plenty of pop culture appearances over the years . The poem was recited in the third season of TV series Fargo and a film titled The Crooked Man was released earlier this year .
The success of the Conjuring films has spawned prequels and planned spinoffs in the creation of a hot horror universe . The first two Conjuring films and the prequel spinoff Annabelle have earned $ 897 million worldwide to date . Annabelle : Creation will hit theaters Aug. 11 .
The next spinoff from the main film series will be The Nun , which will star Demian Bichir as a priest who investigates the mysterious death of a nun . The demon nun at the center of the tale first appeared in The Conjuring 2 . New Line has set the film for release Friday , July 13 , 2018 .
Van Waes is reuniting with New Line , which previously scooped up his pitch for an original horror film set in the world of TheWizard of Oz . Van Waes has been on a roll when it comes to selling pitches and scripts over the past 15 months : His Black List spec Hammerspace is at Warner Bros. , and he sold a book proposal called Peeves to Harper Collins , which was picked up by Fox Animation through Temple Hill . Van Waes is repped by CAA , Grandview and Bloom Hergott .
Read more : How New Line Cinema Is Making a Killing in Horror
The vast majority of children have been given a place at their preferred primary school of choice through the admissions system this year , according to figures released by the county council 's education department today ( Tuesday ) .
Debbie Barnes , Director of Children 's Services , said : “ The large majority of children – even more than last year - will be going to their first school of preference and this number should be even higher by September . It 's always our intention to support as many parents as possible with their preferences . Every year the overwhelming majority of parents are successful in gaining admission to the school of their choice . ”
Along with the rest of the country , Lincolnshire has experienced high numbers of families wanting their children to start school in September . There are nearly 7,500 children wanting a school place this year .
Of the offers made to Lincolnshire primary schools , 7,059 ( 94.3 % ) children will receive their first preference school .
The figure for second preference offers is 299 ( 3.9 per cent ) , and 53 for third preference offers ( 0.7 per cent ) . A total of 75 ( one per cent ) children will be offered a local school that is not one of their preferences , says the authjority .
The vast majority of parents/carers can pick up their offer using the online system from April 18 – go to http : //www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/schooladmissions .
Parents have until May 17 to lodge an appeal if they are unhappy with the offered school . If they return the appeal form by the deadline it will be heard before the end of term - if it is received late it will still be heard but this may be in September .
Because of appeals and movement on the reserve list , it is normal for the percentage of first preferences to increase by the time children start in September , says the council .
Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker will sign a measure Monday clearing the way for mining copper and gold in the state .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Schools across Bedfordshire are closed this morning because of the snow .
Many roads are still impacted by the snowfall yesterday making it difficukt for parents and staff to get into schools
Luton Borough Council has announced all schools are closed while many in Central Bedfordshire are also closed .
School transport has been cancelled .
To find out more check with your school are council website at : https : //www.luton.gov.uk/Education_and_learning/Schools_and_colleges/term-dates-school-closures/Pages/School % 20closures.aspx ? platform=hootsuite
https : //www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/webapps/sos/
Every day in this country students come to school without a way to pay for lunch . Right now it 's up to the school to decide what happens next .
Since new legislation out of New Mexico on so-called lunch shaming made headlines - we 've heard a lot about how schools react .
Some provide kids an alternative lunch , like a cold cheese sandwich . Other schools sometimes will provide hot lunch , but require students do chores , have their hand stamped or wear a wristband showing they 're behind in payment . And , some schools will deny students lunch all together .
With policies to handle unpaid meals all over the map , the USDA , which administers the federal school meal program , will soon require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when kids ca n't pay - a growing problem . By July 1 , those policies must be in writing and communicated to staff , parents and the community .
`` We 're saying feed these children first , and let the grownups sort out the finances , '' says Jennifer Ramo , who 's with the anti-hunger group , New Mexico Appleseed . About nine years ago she says she started hearing stories about kids receiving a tray of food only to have it tossed out by a cafeteria worker when they realized students did n't have the money to pay .
Seeing the need , Ramo worked with New Mexico state Sen. Michael Padilla to write the state law banning schools from shaming children without the ability to pay for meals .
`` A lot of people are very disgusted by this practice and they 're reaching out – calling their own state senators and state representatives and asking them to get on it immediately , '' says Sen. Padilla . Since the bill became law earlier this month , he says lawmakers from around the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they are .
Texas and California are already working on similar legislation . California Democratic state Sen. Robert Hertzberg introduced the Child Hunger Prevention and Fair Treatment Act .
`` When I presented the bill , the two Republican senators on the committee joined as co-authors . How great is that ? It just tells you this is not a partisan issue . It 's a basic fundamental human issue everybody gets , '' he says .
The School Nutrition Association found about 75 percent of districts had some unpaid student meal debt at the end of the last school year . Part of the challenge is that students who qualify for free or reduced priced meals through the federal school lunch program , are n't signed up . The law in New Mexico aims to deal with that fact .
Jennifer Ramo says her state law is leading the way . Perhaps the timing could n't be better . She says she 's confident that because districts must now put their debt policies in writing , they will get much more scrutiny .
`` I 'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say , 'We want our children fed , ' '' she says .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on diplomacy between the United States and North Korea ( all times local ) :
2:50 p.m .
A North Korean official has arrived in New York for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo ahead of what the White House says is an `` expected '' summit between President Donald Trump and North Korea 's Kim Jong-un .
Kim Yong Chol is a former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader 's most trusted aides . He is the highest-level representative from the North to set foot in the United States since 2000 .
South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported that Kim landed shortly after 2 p.m. on an Air China flight from Beijing . Associated Press journalists saw the plane touch down at New York 's JFK International Airport and the North Korean delegation get off the plane .
The visit comes ahead of a summit planned for June 12 , which Trump canceled but now says may take place after all .
GRETNA , La . ( AP ) — A Louisiana man imprisoned for nearly four decades prepared to walk free Tuesday after his conviction in a 1979 rape was thrown out and prosecutors agreed to dismiss the charge .
Malcolm Alexander , 58 , sat quietly and smiled broadly as friends and relatives applauded and cried after state District Judge June Darensburg ordered his release . He was expected to walk out of the Jefferson Parish jail in the New Orleans suburb of Gretna later Tuesday afternoon .
Defense lawyers argued that Alexander 's trial lawyer failed to point out that the victim had been doubtful when she identified Alexander as her attacker in 1979 . Darensburg threw out the conviction based on the ineffective counsel argument .
However , DNA evidence — once thought lost but discovered in 2013 as Alexander continued to insist on his innocence — also played a role in the reversal , according to lawyers from the New York-based Innocence Project who handled the case . The evidence consisted of pubic hairs gathered from the crime scene , a bathroom in the victim 's retail business . DNA testing showed the hairs matched each other but did not belong to the victim or Alexander , bolstering the argument that he was not the attacker , the attorneys said .
Innocence Project director Barry Scheck said cooperation from the Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office and the Jefferson Parish District Attorney 's Office was key to winning Alexander 's freedom .
`` I thank y'all from the bottom of my heart , '' his sobbing mother , Maudra Alexander , 82 and in a wheelchair , told a group of Innocence Project lawyers and others as court recessed .
`` I 've been praying my whole life for this , '' Alexander 's son , Malcolm Stewart , said . He and other members were separated from Alexander — still-shackled and clad in prison orange — by a courtroom railing but were able to talk to him , and gather information such as shoe and clothing sizes ahead of his release .
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Federal investigators work near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night , and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . An agent the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives works with his dog near the site of Sunday 's explosion , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this ...
( Jay Janner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . Investigators on Monday March 19 , 2018 , work at the scene of a bomb explosion on Dawn Song Drive in Austin , Texas , that seriously injured two men Sunday . Two people have now been killed and four wounded i ...
By MATT SEDENSKY
AP National Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas , authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever 's behind the blasts : Talk to us .
The Austin police chief 's direct appeal , complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons , reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there 's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best . It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next .
`` It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person , '' said Randall Rogan , a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case . `` It gives ( perpetrators ) a sense of satisfaction , of pride , of accomplishment , that they are in charge . ''
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month , and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack . Unlike the previous bombings , which involved packages left on doorsteps , the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line . Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured .
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case .
Rogan said as time passes , it 's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition , something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto . He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger .
`` This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future , '' Rogan said .
Robert Taylor , a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas , said eventually there will be a break in the case , but how long it will take remains to be seen .
`` Something will come up somewhere . It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator , or someone will just blab in a bar , '' he said .
For now , though , the police chief 's plea suggests they have n't reached that point .
`` It 's a sign there 's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person , '' Taylor said .
Every tiny piece of the bombs ' remnants , though , holds the potential to unlock the mystery .
Mary Ellen O'Toole , a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases , including the Unabomber , and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University , said because bombs require so many components , they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind .
`` They 're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber , '' she said of investigators .
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something - a hair , a skin fragment , a part of a fingerprint - that might lead to the perpetrator . Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires , tape , the skill and neatness in which they were constructed , and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is .
`` Even the way they bend or roll the wire , '' said Michael Bussell , a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University .
The Unabomber case , which launched with its first blast in 1978 , provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions .
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco , the big break in the case did n't come for 17 years , when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto . Even then , Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities .
O'Toole said it 's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence , but that bombers share some characteristics . They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target . They enjoy the risk of it - not just the danger of building a bomb , but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught . And because the bombings have continued , they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again .
`` If this bomber is being motivated , in part , by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear , and depending on how addictive that feeling is , '' she said , `` that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time . ''
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky @ ap.org or https : //twitter.com/sedensky
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MANILA , Philippines — The Senate 's staunchest advocate for the environment on Wednesday lauded the courage of Environment Secretary Gina Lopez for her will to crack the whip on destructive mining practices , calling her “ courageous ” for the unprecedented act .
Sen. Loren Legarda expressed support for Lopez 's swift and expansive action to stop mining activity in watershed zones just as the mining industry reeled from her earlier order shutting down 23 mines in the Caraga region .
“ I support the actions of Secretary Gina Lopez . She 's courageous and she has the heart for the job . As long as those that were canceled are in watersheds , which is a source of life , and if there are violations of environmental standards and laws , then [ the contracts have ] to be canceled , ” Legarda told the Inquirer in an interview .
ADVERTISEMENT
She expressed admiration for Lopez , saying she understood why the official initiated her crackdown .
“ Because we ca n't compromise with the environment . Because the environment , it means livelihood . Environment is the lifeblood of rural communities , ” said Legarda , a key Philippine delegate to global climate talks and a United Nations Global Champion for Resilience .
“ When you fight for nature , when you fight for the environment , you 're fighting for humanity . You 're fighting for the people who live on the land , with the land , and that 's a source of water . And I understand her and I fully support her , ” she said .
Lopez on Tuesday ordered the cancellation of 75 mining mineral production sharing agreements in watershed zones in South Cotabato , Sarangani , Sultan Kudarat and Davao del Sur , calling it a “ gift of love ” for people living in these areas .
This followed her order to shut down 23 of 41 Philippine mines , citing its damage to the environment .
In an earlier briefing at the Senate , Lopez said the mining industry contributed 0.004 percent to the government revenue in 2015 , and accounted for .6 percent of total employment , noting its negligible effects on the quality of life in communities where mines exist . CDG
RELATED VIDEO
They have to sit in the car and feel their internal organs and eyes warp as the car leaps forward . And when they do , there 's nervous laughter , swearing and sometimes pleas to never do it again . Seriously , if you 're rich and own one of these , give all your friends a ride . The fact is , you do n't have to push your passengers into their seats time and time again to realize how wonderful the P100D actually is .
That thrill of going extremely fast in a very short period of time ( while exciting ) is only a small portion of the P100D 's charm . In a dense urban environment like San Francisco there are n't a lot of opportunities to live out your Top Gear dreams . Instead I spent most of the week with the car commuting , meeting with family ( holidays ! ) and heading to Costco .
The Model S is a glorious luxury car with the amenities you 'd expect to find in fine German sedans , and it has enough room to cram your brood and their presents into the cabin and trunk . It 's also on the cutting edge of semi-autonomous and EV tech that 's working its way into less-expensive vehicles . Whether on surface streets , hitting the freeway or navigating the hellscape that is a box-store parking lot , the car performed admirably .
On the highway is where you 'll find the true Tesla experience thanks to Autopilot . We 've talked before about how it lowers the stress of commuting and can help reduce the chances of a collision . It still does all that , but an update that reins in one of the core features is a welcome addition .
Now Autopilot limits drivers to the posted speed limit on undivided roadways . So , if you 're on a small four lane highways without a median , you ca n't make Autopilot grow a lead foot . It 's a small thing that 'll probably produce some grumblings on Tesla message boards , but it 's good to see the automaker thinking more and more about safety while pushing the boundaries of auto tech .
Other than the updated Autopilot , the rest of the technology in the Model S is pretty much what we found in the Model X . The enormous 17-inch touchscreen that controls everything from the car 's ride height ( from very low for that sport look to high enough to get over the tallest speed bumps ) to music is still , for the most part , easy to use . Although , I would prefer that climate controls be physical buttons . A few times I reached over to peck at something on the display and missed . Fortunately , some of the features like music and voice commands can be controlled from the buttons and turn knobs on the steering wheel .
Tesla is known for innovation and speed , but people overlook the Model S ' luxury . The vehicle sits five , no problem , as long as the rear passengers are shorter than six feet tall . The leather seats were cozy and the wood and suede trim in the cabin add a dash of class without being ostentatious .
If you need to do more than drive folks around , the trunk is huge . During a Costco run , I was able to fit a microwave , space heater , random food and enough toilet paper to survive the zombie apocalypse in it with no problem . That 's without using the hidden space below the trunk floor . With seating and cargo space a plenty , the interior feels almost cavernous .
That probably has something to do with the lack of an internal combustion engine , but really , it 's the size of the car itself . It 's a huge sedan . Pulling into compact parking spaces meant riding the edge of the painted lines and hoping no one parked next to me . Fortunately , thanks to its low center of gravity and stiff chassis , it does n't feel like you 're driving a boat . The steering and handling are crisp and trick you into thinking you 're driving a smaller car .
In fact , the Model S P100D is three cars . It 's a technological marvel capable of driving 315 miles between a charge ( I got about 305 miles ) and will take care of the heavy driving in stop and go traffic . It 's a supercar that will silently launch you down the road so quickly you 'll find yourself doing 90 in the blink of an eye . And it 's a luxury sedan that smoothes out the road , makes you feel comfortable and cements the idea that you 've made all the right decisions in life . Oh , and it 's good for a Costco run .
Cramming three spectacular cars into one is n't cheap . Starting at $ 134,000 , the P100D is out of reach for most of us . It 's definitely out of my reach . But Tesla says this car will help fund the building of the Model 3 . Of course the 373,000 presales , at $ 1,000 a pop , for the low-cost Tesla are also probably helping get the $ 35,000 automobile on the road .
So the P100D is for the rich ; the folks that can afford to enjoy mind-blowing speeds one minute and a trip to a five-star restaurant with their friends the next . Supercars and luxury sedans are for people that vacation on yachts and have very strong opinions about estate taxes and Bordeaux .
Fortunately that third car , filled with technology , is coming for the rest of us . It will be either the Model 3 , Chevy Bolt or some other vehicle that changes the way we get from point a to point b . The P100D is an outstanding car . But more importantly , it 's part of a process to get us all into long-range EVs with autonomous features . It 's like Usain Bolt reminding us to go out and run . Sure we 'll never be as fast as the olympian , but he 's getting us to treat our bodies better .
So let the wealthy enjoy their speed and luxury so we can eventually treat the roads and earth just a little bit better .
Gov . Okorocha Congratulates BBNaija Winner Miracle
Gov . Rochas Okorocha of Imo has described Miracle Igbokwe , winner of Big Brother Naija Double Wahala edition , as a good ambassador of the state .
Miracle was on Sunday announced winner of Nigeria 's biggest reality TV show .
He emerged the overall best with over 38 per cent of the 30 million votes cast in the grande finale .
Okorocha said that state would celebrate him for representing it well .
He also commended the organisers of the programme for initiating a good a youth-oriented programme .
Miracle 's total prize included N25 million cash , a Sub-Urban Vehicle ( SUV ) worth N12 million and a trip for two valued N4.7 million , Television and other electronic items worth N3.3 million .
BBNaija , which is hosted in South Africa , started on Jan. 28 , with 20 housemates who were gradually evicted with only five housemates going into the final .
Miracle beat Cee-c , Tobi , Alex and Nina to clinch the prize .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Hoodlums vandalise 500KVA transformer in Nasarawa
Mr Adams Nangba , the District Head of Wakama in Nasarawa Eggon Local Government Area of Nasarawa State , has called for the restoration of electricity supply to the community .
Nangba made the appeal when he led other community leaders to the site of a vandalised 500KVA transformer donated by Rep. David Umbugadu ( PDP-Nasarawa ) to Awogbre on Wednesday .
He told newsmen at the scene that unknown criminals vandalised MD metres and armoured cables of the transformer .
The traditional ruler expressed sadness over the criminal destruction of the source of power supply to the area on the night of June 12 .
“ As you can see , I with my village heads and my community people are assessing the level of damage done to the transformer which was donated to the community by Hon . Umbugadu , member representing Akwanga/Nassarawa Eggon/Wamba federal constituency .
“ We are really very sad and disappointed on what has happened . As you can see , this transformer was installed for the benefit of my people but we discovered that the transformer has been vandalised by unknown suspects .
“ We are calling and appealing to the management of Abuja Electricity Distribution Company ( AEDC ) to provide adequate security to guard its facilities across the state so that the people can enjoy constant power supply , ” he said .
Nangba also called for 24 hours police patrol in his domain in the interest of peace and national development .
He also called on the members of the community to remain calm , adding that the matter had already been reported to the appropriate authorities for necessary action .
Besides , the district head enjoined people of the area to be security conscious , law abiding , respect constituted authorities and live in peace irrespective of ethnic , religious and political affiliation for the overall development of the country .
Some of the residents of the community who spoke with newsmen lamented over the situation and called on government to provide adequate security to rural communities in order to protect lives and properties .
The post Hoodlums vandalise 500KVA transformer in Nasarawa appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Turkey said eight of its troops were killed Saturday in Ankara 's military operation against a Syrian Kurdish militia , the deadliest day in the two-week-old offensive in the enclave of Afrin , while in another part of Syria , al-Qaida-linked militants downed a Russian fighter jet , then shot and killed the pilot .
In a statement late Saturday , the Turkish military said five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack near Afrin . The soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts , it said .
Earlier in the day , three Turkish soldiers were reported killed in the Afrin offensive — one was killed in the area of the tank attack , another in northern Syria and the third on the Turkish side of the border in what Ankara said was an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen .
The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation , codenamed Olive Branch , started on Jan. 20 now stands at 13 .
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia , known as the People 's Protection Units or YPG , which it considers to be a terrorist organization and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey .
From Istanbul , Turkish presidential spokesman , Ibrahim Kalin , said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of the YPG `` anywhere '' along its southern border , hinting that Ankara might expand the Afrin operation eastward . Turkey 's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij , where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed , Kalin said .
He called on the United States to `` disengage '' from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with `` our American allies to avoid any confrontation . ''
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria . The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border .
Meanwhile , in the embattled northwestern province of Idlib , al-Qaida-linked militants said they downed a Russian fighter jet and killed its pilot after he ejected from the plane and landed on the ground .
The pilot resisted being captured and fired at the militants who then shot and killed him , according to one of the militants and Syrian monitors .
The Russian Defense Ministry confirmed the downing of the Su-25 and said the pilot was killed in fighting with `` terrorists . '' A report on the ministry 's Zvezda TV said preliminary information indicated the plane was shot by a portable ground-to-air missile in an area under control of al-Qaida 's branch in Syria .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed near the rebel-held town of Saraqeb , which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes .
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad , and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of his forces since 2015 . Since then , Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib . The province is also a base for al-Qaida 's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups .
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when he resisted capture . The pilot opened fire from his pistol as the militants were trying to seize him , said the militant , who refused to be identified by his real name because was not authorized to speak to the media .
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man , his face stained with blood , as bearded gunmen stand around him . One of the armed men shouts : `` He is Russian . '' The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP .
Earlier in the day , the Observatory and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants reported intense airstrikes in Idlib . The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday , adding that many of its residents are fleeing .
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee , said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and the village of Tel Mardeekh in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday .
The agency later quoted militant commander Mahmoud al-Turkmani as saying that anti-aircraft weapons were sent to al-Qaida 's fighters in the Saraqeb area after airstrikes intensified this week . He warned that Russian warplanes will not pass through Syrian airspace without `` paying a price . ''
Syria 's state news agency , SANA , said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill , cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south .
Syrian government forces and their allies launched a push into Idlib six weeks ago , inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria 's two largest cities , Damascus and Aleppo .
The U.N. says more than 270,000 people have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15 .
Also Saturday , Syria 's Foreign Ministry has dismissed as `` null and void '' U.S. accusations that Assad 's government is producing and using `` new kinds of weapons '' to deliver deadly chemicals despite committing to abolish its program in 2013 .
The American statements are `` nothing more than lies '' based on accounts of what the Trump administration called its partners on ground , the ministry said . It also said reports by Western-backed media outlets about Damascus using chemical weapons were `` a new version of U.S. and Western desperate intentions to create '' an excuses to attack Syria .
President Donald Trump has not ruled out additional military action to deter attacks or punish Assad , administration officials said earlier this week , although they did not suggest any action was imminent .
———
Bilginsoy reported from Istanbul . Associated Press writers Jim Heintz in Moscow and Albert Aji in Damascus , Syria , contributed to this report .
Tom Daley has been buying baby clothes for the past six years .
The 23-year-old Olympian - who is expecting a son with husband Dustin Lance Black via a surrogate - has always wanted to have a child and admits it was `` hard '' knowing he may never become a father , but he has made sure he is prepared by splashing out on numerous garments for his little one over the years .
He said : `` It 's great having a husband , it 's quite a romantic marriage . I always wanted to get married and have children even before I met Lance .
`` I 've been buying baby clothes for the last six years , it was something that really mattered to me .
`` Knowing it meant I might not be able to have a kid was hard . If you are in a straight relationship it can just be a matter of a glass of wine and a pizza on the sofa . To want a child as a same-sex couple is a tough process , a long process . ''
Tom and Lance are unsure which of them is the biological father to their unborn child - who is due in June - and while they have a great relationship with their `` amazing '' surrogate , the diving sensation has been `` terrified '' reading numerous baby books ahead of the birth .
He said : `` We found an egg donor and we are the sperm donors , we have fertilized half the eggs each . We put in a boy embryo and a girl embryo and we do n't know whose is whose . The next time we will do it the other way around .
`` Ours [ surrogate ] is the most amazing woman , she is lovely and kind and generous . The baby books are terrifying .
`` I 've read up far too much , but we are both going to take time away from the pool and work . ''
While Tom is unsure who his and Lance 's baby will take after , he is already planning to set the youngster on a path to follow in his diving career footsteps by putting him in water when he turns three months old .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
As he signed a policy directive Monday intended to `` refocus the space program on human exploration and discovery , '' President Donald Trump instructed NASA to return American astronauts to the moon , alluded to an `` eventual mission to Mars '' and promised to `` restore American leadership in space . ''
Flanked by NASA leadership and three astronauts , including former Sen. Jack Schmitt , one of the most recent men to have walked on the moon , Trump described the directive , portraying space exploration as an encapsulation of America 's `` pioneering spirit . ''
`` Today , the same spirit beckons us to begin new journeys of exploration and discovery , to lift our eyes all of the way up to the heavens and once again imagine the possibilities waiting in those big , beautiful stars if we dare to dream big and that 's what our country is doing again , '' he said . `` We 're dreaming big . ''
Echoing astronaut Neil Armstrong 's first words upon stepping foot on the moon 's surface in 1969 , the president called the directive -- which codifies instructions that NASA `` return American astronauts to the moon '' as `` national policy , '' according to Vice President Mike Pence -- a `` giant step '' toward an `` inspiring future . ''
Both Trump and Pence further argued that investment in the space program would lead to increased job creation , innovation and military applications .
In a release noting highlights of the administration 's space policy , the White House said Trump would `` create incentives for private industry '' to assist in pursuing its goals of exploration and the development of new technology .
GAZA CITY , Gaza Strip ( AP ) — Hamas says one of its senior officials has died , three weeks after accidentally shooting himself while cleaning his weapon in Gaza .
Spokesman Hazem Qassem said on Tuesday that Imad al-Alami had been unconscious since the Jan. 9 shooting .
Hamas initially hastily announced al-Alami died naturally but later said he shot himself while checking his weapon at his Gaza City home and was in critical condition .
The 62-year-old al-Alami held several key posts as a member of Hamas ' policy-making body and lived in Syria before returning to Gaza in 2012 . He remained a prominent official though not a member of the current politburo .
After the 2014 Israel-Hamas war , he traveled to Turkey for treatment for an injury in which he lost a leg . Hamas said he was wounded in the war .
Saraki : Senators react to victory at CCT
Deputy Leader of the Senate , Sen. Bala Ibn N'Allah , said victory of President of the Senate , Dr Bukola Saraki , at the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT ) was victory for democracy . He told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) in Abuja it was obvious that the case against Saraki was only a distraction to governance . The CCT [ … ]
Saraki : Senators react to victory at CCT
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Xxx
GARFIELD
Stephen , you have no idea what you have given me here .
I love that you feel somewhat unburdened . It makes me think of lines from a favorite Rilke poem : “ This is how he grows : by being defeated , decisively , by constantly greater beings. ” That 's how I feel about Tony 's play : I 'm blessed to be crushed by its demands over and again .
So funny that your body feels like it should be limping . I remember a performance where I was in the wings , and I was n't limping , having forgotten to . As soon as I crossed the threshold to the stage the limp came without any thought . My body was saving me from messing up . Miraculous !
That 's what this play , in part , feels like to me . A grief-prayer-song-celebration . Letting those souls lost in the plague know that we remember them , helping them to continue their crossing over the sea of death and into their rightful place in the infinite . Especially that epilogue .
I 've truly felt lighter since we started this correspondence , Stephen . I 've felt carried through the play each night . Carried on the wings of all you 've so generously shared . This will of course make you feel once more like the queen on the Prior float , but please just wave and smile and accept my adulation and gratitude .
The image of you and your husband driving Highway 1 has me thinking of Northern California . It 's where I go to remember myself . When I , as Prior , describe the real San Francisco as being unspeakably beautiful , I 'm actually conjuring that glorious dramatic natural coastline through Big Sur .
Sending you and the whole company all my love from the Neil Simon Theater . My hand is at your back as I feel yours on mine .
I ca n't wait to meet in person . Thank you , thank you , thank you .
Love ,
Andrew . X
Updated at 12:45 p.m . ET
Arkansas is making preparations for a series of executions that , as of late morning Monday , it is legally barred from carrying out . The state 's attorneys are fighting to persuade judges to allow the executions — and to make the decision quickly .
The state had scheduled eight men to die over the course of 11 days , because one of the drugs it planned to use in the executions expires at the end of April . Gov . Asa Hutchinson said it was n't clear whether the state could acquire additional supplies of the sedative midazolam .
Two of the executions had been stayed individually before all eight of them were blocked by a state judge and a federal judge .
The state judge 's decision , reached Friday , was based on how Arkansas acquired another drug — vecuronium bromide , which is used in anesthesia as well as executions . A pharmaceutical supplier alleges that the state bought the drug deceptively , actively misleading the seller about what it would be used for .
That decision `` stirred a wave of consternation and threats on social media from state lawmakers and conservatives , '' member station KUAR noted on Saturday — because shortly before the decision , the judge was photographed protesting the death penalty at the gates of the Governor 's Mansion .
The federal judge 's decision on Saturday , meanwhile , was in response to a lawsuit on behalf of the inmates that argued an execution with midazolam would violate their rights . Midazolam has been used in a number of high-profile botched executions , including instances where inmates did not appear to be fully sedated when they received the painful second and third drugs in the cocktail . The suit argued there was an unacceptably high risk they would suffer during the executions .
The judge determined that their concerns were sufficient to halt the executions for the time being , to allow the issue to be considered by the courts .
Hutchinson and state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge have been pushing to carry out the executions anyway . But they are on a tight schedule : Executions were scheduled to begin Monday night , and if the legal proceedings take more than two weeks , the midazolam supply will have expired before any of the executions can take place .
The state has appealed both rulings and asked the higher courts to work quickly to review the decisions . The inmates on death row , meanwhile , have asked the courts to take the time and avoid a `` rushed analysis . ''
Arkansas ' attorney general also asked the state Supreme Court to reconsider the stay it granted one inmate , over questions about his mental health ; the court rejected that request , keeping that stay in place , the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reports .
As the legal battle plays out , the state 's execution facility is prepared for a rapid reversal of the decisions .
If the rulings are overturned by Monday night , the state will be prepared to execute at least one inmate , according to local TV station KATV .
KATV , citing anonymous officials , reports that death row inmate Don Davis has been transferred to the unit where the state 's Department of Correction was preparing to carry out executions .
`` Davis ' exact schedule for the day is confidential but as part of the death protocol , he will be meeting with counsel and a spiritual adviser , '' KATV reports . `` Authorities say a last meal has also been arranged . ''
Arkansas has n't executed anybody for more than a decade , partly because of a series of legal challenges to the state 's death penalty laws .
• Two teams of insurgents launched separate attacks in Afghanistan , killing three police officers in a rural area and pinning down hundreds of government employees in a ministry building in Kabul . [ The New York Times ]
• Hamas declared a cease-fire with Israel after nearly 24 hours of fighting , possibly averting their fourth war in a decade . [ The New York Times ]
• Pre-monsoon storms in northern India have killed at least 48 people in just two days , in what an official called a “ critical situation. ” [ Time ]
• The Dutch foreign minister called on Russia to “ accept its responsibility ” for the 298 people killed when a Malaysian passenger jet was shot down over Ukraine in 2014 . [ The New York Times ]
• A sudden rash of bomb jokes has disrupted flights across Indonesia . On Monday , 10 people were injured trying to evacuate a LionAir plane . [ The New York Times ]
• One of Japan 's most influential businesswomen surprised the country by disclosing that she is in a same-sex relationship with a well-known L.G.B.T . activist . [ The Japan Times ]
HS precision SA stock Savage
$ 225 shipped .
Trades welcome
HS Precision , model PSV118 , SA , 4.4 bolt spacing , inleted for a DBM , no bottom metal included . In good shape with a few very slight marks from bumping around the safe . I took it off before I used the rifle but has been in my safe for a few years. $ 225 shipped.Trades welcome
Naira appreciates against dollar at investors ' window – Vanguard
Vanguard Naira appreciates against dollar at investors ' window
Vanguard
The Naira on Tuesday appreciated to N360 to the dollar at the investors ' window , after depreciating for five consecutive days . The Nigerian currency gained 54kobo to exchange at N360 , stronger than N360.54 traded on Monday , while it was sold at N305.7 …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How can a genuinely democratic , equitable and sustainable society be created ? Donate to order this gift now !
Some waved off this seeming contradiction , saying Mr. Trump 's other harsh immigration policies put his administration 's actions in a different context . And it is true that even when using similar tactics , President Trump and President Obama have expressed very different attitudes toward immigration and espoused different goals .
Those arguments underscore the degree to which this controversy is animated as much by attitudes toward the president and the way he has made immigration a focus of partisan conflict as by specific policy preferences .
Deadlock over immigration has meant that , for decades , politicians have turned to the same compromise : greater enforcement of immigration laws in exchange for more liberal policies . The Reagan administration 's amnesty for millions of undocumented immigrants , for instance , also increased security along the Mexican border and made it harder for undocumented immigrants to work . The Obama administration sharply increased deportations in his first term in the hope of building a case for comprehensive immigration reform . ( That move did not pay off . )
Detained immigrant children have frequently been caught up in the enforcement side of that bargain . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Immigration and Naturalization Service before it have argued that immigration detention is an essential part of enforcement and deterrence , and have vigorously pursued detention of families and children throughout multiple presidential administrations .
Immigrants ' rights activists have brought a series of lawsuits that challenged and ultimately overturned many detention efforts . But those efforts did not reach the level of national scandal that the Trump administration 's policies have now .
So what has changed ? Rising partisan polarization .
Long-running social science surveys have found that since the 1980s , Republicans ' opinions of Democrats and Democrats ' opinions of Republicans have been increasingly negative . At the same time , as Lilliana Mason , a political scientist at the University of Maryland , writes in a new book , partisan identity has become an umbrella for other important identities , including those involving race , religion , geography and even educational background . It has become a tribal identity itself , not merely a matter of policy preferences .
So it 's not that liberals did n't care about immigrant children until Mr. Trump became president , or that they 're only pretending to care now so as to score political points . Rather , with the Trump administration 's making opposition to immigrants a signature issue , the topic has become salient to partisan conflict in a way it was n't before .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) — The owner of a seaplane that crashed near Sydney during a New Year 's Eve joy flight , killing the Canadian pilot and his five British passengers , says that flight path was not authorized .
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau on Wednesday released a preliminary report on its investigation into the cause of the de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver crash into the Hawkesbury River .
Sydney Seaplanes chief executive Aaron Shaw said in response to the report that its key question was why the plane was flying in a bay surrounded by steep terrain that had no exit .
Shaw said in a statement Sydney Seaplanes had not authorized the route and `` the plane simply should not have been where it was . ''
The report rules out potential causes but does not suggest any likely cause .
More than 1,000 show cars attended the annual 2017 Mooneyes Xmas Party Show & Drag , the last ever to be hosted at Irwindale Drag Strip , which is slated to cease holding automotive events at the end of January 2018 . A bittersweet send-off , The Mooneyes Xmas Party was an epic day of vintage drag racing and car show . The show , like every year , featured a variety of hot rods , gassers , a huge selection of low riders , a few Volkswagens , and even an ice cream truck .
Gems of hot rodding normally hidden in So-Cal garages come out for this annual event . Because this was he last year the show would be at the iconic 1/8-mile track , it drew an even bigger crowd than in years past . Famous cars in attendance included the “ Pouncin ' Poncho ” Altered Pontiac GTO , “ Last Call ” VW Bug and the “ Sayonara ” Altered Plymouth . The Ice Cream truck was naturally a crowd favorite .
There is no word on the exact number in attendance , but the spectator parking lot was at max capacity by noon . The crowd and track crew were in a relaxed state throughout the event , making for good times and an easygoing day . There were no major incidents on track luckily , but a fire did pause racing for 30 minutes .
The theme for the day was radical V8s . From weirdo wagons to an early Ford Ranchero to home built hot rods , it would be hard to find another single spot with this many roots blowers at once in Southern California .
Altereds and gassers lined up the staging lanes along a mix of classics . A few stockers like mid- ‘ 60s Cadillacs made their way down the track . Enjoy our gallery from the show , and dream of the sunny December days in Southern California .
Hampden-Sydney College is hosting two musicians , Lygia O'Riordan and Pia Siirala , for a two-day residency . On Wednesday , October 18 , they will discuss in an open forum “ Living and Working in Russia Since 1989. ” On Thursday , October 19 , the duo will present “ Polar Voices , ” a documentary and personal account through film , narration , and live music , of their experiences in remote indigenous communities in the Russian Arctic .
Lygia O'Riordan studied music in Budapest , Hungary , in the early 1980s before going to Moscow where she was accepted into the conducting program of the Moscow Conservatory . After receiving her conducting diploma , she founded the twenty-one-piece chamber orchestra Ensemble XXI in 1989 , composed of a mix of Russian and international players .
Violinist and composer Pia Siirala , a native of Finland , studied at the Sibelius Academy , the Budapest Liszt Academy , and the Moscow Conservatory . She has served as concertmaster of Ensemble XXI since its inception . With O'Riordan she co-founded Polar Voices , dedicated to the collection and preservation of the music of the indigenous peoples of arctic Russia .
Both events are free and open to the public , and will take place in Crawley Forum at Hampden-Sydney College at 7:30pm . Sponsored by the Hampden-Sydney Lectures & Programs Committee , the Department of Fine Arts , and the Wilson Center , the residency is part of Hampden-Sydney 's continuing commitment to the intellectual and cultural enrichment of the Southside community .
A private college for men , Hampden-Sydney is ranked nationally by U.S. News & World Report . The College is known for its liberal arts curriculum , the Honor Code which stresses individual and collective responsibility , and a focus on the education of young men .
Active Weather Pattern Continues
by Shane Butler
Our active weather pattern is sticking around through the weekend into early next week . This means daily showers and t-storms otherwise hot and humid . Storms that do develop will knock the heat off a bit but they will also be capable of heavy rain , lightning , and gusty winds . It looks like a frontal boundary will make a run at us Monday into Tuesday . There 's a good chance of rain until this boundary moves south and east of us . That 's if it has the strength to make it completely past us . We will go with the scenario that it does and our rain chances back off a bit for the middle of next week .
Think about the most successful , widely scaled networks that let us function in today 's world . No I 'm not talking about internet service providers , I mean the Really , Really Big Networks . The ones that without which modern civilization would be very different . The telephone system . Intermodal containerized shipping . Air traffic control . And they all have one vitally important enabling element that made them all scalable : a Control Layer that is not intrinsic to the electronic or physical streams that make up the network traffic . For phones , it 's Signalling System 7 , which has managed to run the world of voice calls for decades . For intermodal shipping , it 's container manifests . For aviation , it 's ATC . And they truly do , run the globe .
What is a Control Layer ?
In the analog era , telephone calls were “ switched ” using tones that were sent along the same wires that handled the calls . This was known as in-band signalling . While usable with the technology of the day , they were fraught with issues that included easy faking of the signals to get free international calls ( known as “ phreaking ” ) , inability to change the path that a call could take once it was in progress , no direct association with billing or tariffing , and other problems . When it came time to deregulate the traditionally government-run phone companies , and thus lay the framework for the plethora of corporations that provide the bulk of phone service today , the business and technological elements of call-handling had to evolve . That led to SS7 . Among its key tenets are the moving of the control over calls , billing and routing , into a control layer that is separate from the calls themselves . This allows calls to be switched “ on the fly ” between carriers , inter-company billing and many other features became enabled by this shift to out-of-band ( as its known ) signaling .
Shipping containers arrived with out-of-band signalling as well
In the early 1960 's with a growing world population , an ever-increasing appetite for food and goods from international sources ( largely fostered during World War II as troops went abroad ) , and the rise of computerized inventory and supply chain handling , the idea of having vessels , trucks and train cars built for specific types of cargo was n't going to scale with demand . So some enterprising folks came up with the standardized shipping container that we know today . That moved the command and control over how and where goods are routed , into a control layer based on paper and eventually fully electronic manifests – instead of the ship captains . This led to tremendous flexibility and cost-efficiencies . Without these , it would be hard to envision Walmart and then Amazon rising at the rates they have .
So went the airlines
Another advent seeded during WWII was the idea of global jet travel . The public had witnessed the start of globalization , and at the same time , pressurized aircraft ( initially , high-altitude bombers ) powered by jet engines become possible . With this radical increase in speed , range and passenger carrying capacity , coupled with the shift in passenger air travel from water-based to land-based terminals , demanded that the control of where and when the aircraft moved , needed to get out of the cockpit and into a ‘ network ' which became ATC . It 's not as efficient as it could be , but ATC has been fundamentally safe and reliable , and scaled continually , for many decades ( noting that it does have to evolve once again , to accommodate the upcoming plethora of unmanned aircraft that are indeed coming ) .
Now it 's time for the IoT to have its Control Layer
The quantity of information already being produced by the IoT , or less abstractly , machine-generated data ( MGD ) , is truly staggering and showing no signs of lessening . In fact , if you take imagery , especially consumer-generated video , out of the equation , MGD already exceeds what humans have produced since the beginning of time . We are fast approaching the “ needs to scale ” tipping point that telephony , global logistics and aviation experienced . There are characteristics of MGD that make it a lot more akin to these “ physical world ” networks than what we 've been experiencing with the rise of say , social media . For starters , this is the data that could get someone killed . Road sensor data might cause all of the lights in a city to turn red . Or open the floodgates of a dam . Or switch a train . Plus there can be potentially diverse uses for the same data . In addition to changing the traffic signals , the same stream of MGD might be utilized in actuarial calculations to price insurance premiums , or provide the edge to a quantitative analyst in a hedge fund .
With IoT data , context matters
Given the seriousness of MGD/IoT data use-cases like those above , it 's critical that the user ( be it a person , company , government agency or a fleet of robots ) be provided with as much contextual information as possible . This can include provenance ala identifying the source in specifics such as make and type of sensors , literal context i.e . where the sensors are situated ( e.g . inside a moving vehicle , attached to power poles , etc . ) and whether the source-devices are maintained and calibrated . All of this bounding information is found , and ideally conveyed , outside of the data streams themselves . Tracking provenance and keeping the control layer separate also have key security advantages . Yet most IoT implementations today do n't provide such a control layer .
Metadata is the control layer for the IoT
Standards efforts are underway to establish the equivalent of SS7/Container Manifests/ATC for the IoT . Unlike this successful schema , achieving this for MGD encounters many more variables than almost anything dealt with before . Early examples of out-of-band signalling for MGD are within vertical industry sectors . These need to give way to a universal format for describing sensors , data provenance , regulatory and compliance issues , and of course , monetization , in a control layer . In software terms this is defined and carried in metadata . It 's time to start contemplating how all of this will impact you and your organization . Rest assured , it 's going to touch every industry , within and between . Watch This Space .
Spokeswoman Heather Nauert of the United States Department of State has criticized Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas ' remarks against Ambassador David Friedman .
Echoing the response of US envoy Jason Greenblatt , Nauert wrote on Twitter , `` President Abbas 's comments were outrageous & unhelpful . We urge the Palestinian Authority to focus on improving the lives of the Palestinian people & advancing the cause of peace . The Administration remains fully committed to those goals . ''
Dogara speaks on lawmakers forming groups in NASS
The Speaker of House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara , has warned lawmakers against forming support groups in the parliament for public officers , describing it as violation of their oath of office . Dogara issued the warning at plenary on Tuesday while reacting to the April 18 attack at the Senate , during which thugs suspected to have [ … ]
Dogara speaks on lawmakers forming groups in NASS
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Nyemudzai Kakore
Acting Minister of Information Simon Khaya Moyo has said Government is working on introducing new television players in a bid to break the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation 's monopoly . ZBC has monopolised the television broadcasting industry for decades .
Addressing delegates at the official launch of the support to the media on governance and electoral matters in Zimbabwe programme in Harare on Thursday , Khaya Moyo said opening up the broadcasting sector was an important step in a democracy . He said media freedom , access to information and free expression were guaranteed by the Constitution .
“ The issue of free , fair and credible elections is what every Zimbabwean should aim for , ” said Khaya Moyo .
“ Currently , Government through the Ministry of Information , Media and Broadcasting Services is spearheading the digital broadcasting migration programme which slowly , but surely on account of limited resources , is gaining traction . Very soon we shall be witnessing real positive change in breaking ZBC monopoly over our airwaves as new television players come on board .
“ And even before then , as soon as Government acquires set-top boxes , we should begin to roll out digital television services in areas that have proximity to digitalised transmitter sites . ”
The launch saw the European Union and Norway releasing about $ 1 million towards supporting and capacitating the media in the country .
Khaya Moyo said Government would support the media to ensure they did their work without hindrance . “ The hallmark of thriving democracies is the presence of an informed citizenry which participates in the national discourse through free expression , ” he said .
“ The media , a free media for that matter , is a key element of democracy and development . There are other challenges that are of concern to the media industry such as the safety of journalists , political polarisation , partisan journalism , publishing falsehoods and decline in training standards , gender discrimination and reports of rampant corruption in the sector , all of which deserve our attention . ”
The European Union ambassador to Zimbabwe Mr Philippe van Damme urged the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation to give equal access to all political parties in the country . The Herald
The photo of a Sunderland man 's close shave - showing his bullet-riddled cap - has finally been revealed after 60 years .
This picture shows Maurice Charles Naisbitt , now 79 , who served for two years in Cyprus from 1958 and came under attack happened on the way back to camp .
Maurice and his wife pictured last year .
His patrol was ambushed and took heavy fire from the trees . Two were shot and injured . As for Maurice , he and his friend came within a whisker of death when bullets winged through their headwear .
Maurice 's son Michael Naisbitt told us : “ Photographs were taken for posterity .
“ One was sent to the Echo but the then Editor decided against publishing it as he did n't want to worry any of the nearest and dearest of those serving their time in Cyprus . ”
But Michael wanted us to publish the photos to show the bravery of his father and the picture came back to light when his daughter Hannah - the granddaughter of Maurice – was “ learning about the military at school . ”
The attack happened on the way back to camp after a patrol and they were ambushed and took heavy fire from the trees . Some of the bullets came so close that they actually winged his and his mate 's caps as well as hitting others in the vehicle Michael Naisbitt
She wanted to do a show and tell session for classmates , said Michael . And so finally , after all these years , a remarkable tale of a close shave can be shared .
Proud Michael also revealed more about his father .
He worked at Cherry Knowle Farm “ when it was entirely self-sufficient and supplied the entire of Cherry Knowle , cows , pigs , hen-houses , turkeys , geese ” .
“ Always been fit , a joker and a good laugh . When we were little he was always joking around , whether it was putting snowballs in the freezer to have a snowball fight with in the summer or making old-school go-karts for me and my friends he was always up to something and very good with his hands . He was and still is an expert gardener . Also great with animals due to his farm days , both big and small . ”
Cherry Knowle Farm .
We are delighted and honoured to finally share Maurice 's remarkable tale .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Two suspected drug pushers were killed early Friday morning in a buy-bust operation by the Manila police , who maintained that its officers acted “ in self-defense . ”
Joel Mata and Antonio Tamboboy were both shot in the chest by members of Manila Police District 's ( MPD ) Moriones station , who conducted the operation around 3 a.m. at the corner of Ilaya and Padre Herrera streets in Barangay 3 , Tondo .
In a report by case investigator SPO4 Glenzor Vallejo of MPD homicide section , PO1 Emerson Policarpio , then going undercover , managed to buy P900 worth of “ shabu ” from the suspects .
ADVERTISEMENT
But upon “ sensing that they were dealing with police decoy , ” Mata fired a pistol at Policarpio , who managed to run away unhurt .
A backup team composed of PO3 Ferdinand Concon , PO2 Ronel Siriban and PO2 Xyz Estillero engaged Mata in a shootout .
The three officers then chased and cornered Tamboboy at a stall in the public market .
Vallejo reported that “ instead of giving up peacefully , [ Tamboboy ] fired at the lawmen who tried to arrest him. ” Another shootout ensued and left Tamboboy seriously wounded .
The MPD report said both suspects “ still had signs of life ” when brought to Gat . Andres Bonifacio Memorial Medical Center , but that they later died while undergoing treatment .
Five sachets of shabu , the P900 marked money , and loaded .45-caliber and .38-caliber pistols were recovered from the suspects , the MPD said .
On May 20 , a member of MPD-Moriones station was killed while a colleague was wounded in an antidrug operation on Matanos Street , also in Tondo .
By Shingirai Huni
The Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission ( zacc ) is compiling a report on its findings following investigations into irregular land sales involving serving Harare City councillors and those who served under former mayor Mr Muchadeyi Masunda .
This follows Zacc 's initiative to conduct investigations on the cases .
The commission is also probing the awarding of tenders to Energy Resources Africa Consortium ( ERAC ) and Sidal Engineers for the rehabilitation of Firle Sewage Works by the MDC-T-run council .
Zacc is already in possession of documents relating to the two cases .
Sources close to zacc said the investigations were continuing and they will soon present their findings .
“ The investigations are ongoing and so far they are in the process of compiling a report of their findings , ” said a source .
“ That is , what they have obtained on the ground . The investigations would be complete soon. ” 
An investigation by a team set up by council comprising four councillors and three external experts – an engineer , a lawyer and an accountant – last year revealed that council awarded the $ 13,8 million tender to ERAC , an unregistered company with no capacity to carry out the work .
Despite being not registered , ERAC has been paid millions of dollars since 2011 , although the two parties did not have a contract .
ZACC investigators have since requested documents from city management , as fears abound that some officials and councillors might have corruptly benefited from the transactions .
They have also requested the list of all councillors who served Harare for the past eight years and details of land sales involving the councillors . Harare Mayor Councillor Bernard Manyenyeni recently confirmed that zacc officials descended on Town House .
The Ministry of Local Government , Public Works and National Housing recently declared that no councillor will receive special benefits following the recent abuse of privileges for the purchasing of industrial and commercial stands by councillors .
Councillors can , however , still purchase residential stands within their wards , provided they do not own any other residential stand .
The deal to rehabilitate Firle has been shrouded in controversy , with documents showing that whereas the Harare City Council wrote to ERAC and five other companies – AMA Welders , Martin Millers , Engineering and Electrical Suppliers , Sidal Engineers and Easternfield – inviting them for ‘ selective tender ' on December 20 2010 , ERAC began its registration as a company on January 20 , 2011 .
It only got its Certificate of Incorporation from the Registrar of Companies on February 17 , 2011 after the tender had been closed on February 8 , 2011 .
The company is a joint venture between Energy Resources Africa owned by Dave Mashayamombe and a South African company , Portriver , owned by Harold Crown . The Herald
10 . Colorado School Of Mines
9. Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art
8 . Princeton University
7 . Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
6 . SUNY Maritime College
5 . Carnegie Mellon University
4 . Stanford University
3 . Massachusetts Institute Of Technology
2 . Harvey Mudd College
1 . California Institute Of Technology
There are many factors to consider when choosing a college , but when you 're spending a good sum of money on tuition , you want to make sure you 're getting your money 's worth as far as returns . No one wants to end up graduated , buried in student loans and struggling to find even a low-paying job . For this reason , it 's important to look for a college that 's not only going to expand your mind , but that is going to increase your likelihood of making some good money later on . It can be hard to figure out how each school ranks on its own but , luckily , you do n't have to . MONEY created their own list of the best colleges for your money , and one category they looked at was early career earnings . We list this information below , alongside information on tuition costs , both without aid and with the average grant . While earnings potential may not be the only factor you consider when choosing a school , it sure can help guide your decision.Early Career Earnings : $ 65,700 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 33,600 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 26,200Early Career Earnings : $ 66,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 66,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 29,000Early Career Earnings : $ 67,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 65,300 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 43,400Early Career Earnings : $ 68,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 64,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 43,400Early Career Earnings : $ 68,200 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 25,700 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 18,200Early Career Earnings : $ 70,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 70,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 36,300Early Career Earnings : $ 70,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 68,100 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 20,800Early Career Earnings : $ 77,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 67,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 23,400Early Career Earnings : $ 78,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 75,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 37,300Early Career Earnings : $ 79,800 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid : $ 67,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant : $ 25,100 To calculate these results , MONEY used information from the U.S. Department of Education , Peterson 's , PayScale.com and MONEY/College Measures calculations . You can read more about the methodology used by Money here
This story originally appeared on Do n't Waste Your Money . Checkout Do n't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life .
In another addition to their fanciful demands , Right-wing group Bajrang Sena it seems has gone too far this time , seeking a ban on the sale of Kama Sutra books inside the Khajuraho temple premises .
The members of the group want a ban on the sale of Kama Sutra books in the land of Kama Sutra — the Khajuraho temples , a Unesco world heritage site in Madhya Pradesh 's Chhatarpur district .
Members of Bajrang Sena on Tuesday approached the Chhatarpur police , alleging that Kama Sutra books and obscene figurines were being sold inside the premises of the Khajuraho temples .
The temples are famous worldwide for the erotic yet graceful sculptures on their outer walls .
Bajrang Sena activists under the patronage of the president of the Khajuraho unit , Jyoti Agarwal , submitted a memorandum of their demands to the sub-divisional officer of police Israr Mansouri , Khajuraho ,
The demands include action against selling Kama Sutra books and figurines inside temple premises , especially at the tourist canteen . They slammed the act , saying that it was against India 's culture and tradition .
“ Such things are readily available inside the temple premises under the very nose of ASI and tourism department officials . Such things affect the image of Indian culture and traditions in the eyes of the foreigners , ” said Agarwal .
“ What sort of moral values are we passing on to our younger generation ? These temples have religious significance . There is a Shiva temple here . How can we allow Kama Sutra to be sold in the sacred premises , ” she added .
On being asked what steps will be taken now , Israr Mansouri said , “ We will consult officials of the Archeological Survey of India and tourism department after which further action will be taken . ”
For as long as the 27th Congressional District in Texas has been embroiled in litigation over whether it was racially gerrymandered , Nick Gilby has been working on Democratic Party campaigns there . Those seven years , he says , have been “ like banging your head against a wall to see if you can move it . ”
“ He wins 60 percent of the vote or more every time , regardless of who the candidate is , ” adds Mr. Gilby , referring to former Rep. Blake Farenthold , the Republican who held the seat from 2010 until he resigned earlier this month amid sexual harassment allegations and an ongoing ethics investigation .
Gilby 's frustrations are shared by William Whitford , a Democratic voter in Wisconsin , and John Benisek , a Republican voter in Maryland . There 's also Lorraine Petrosky , a Democratic voter in Pennsylvania , and Ersla Phelps , a Democratic voter in North Carolina . All four have told the United States Supreme Court this year that they feel , for various reasons , disenfranchised . Their state legislatures , they argue , redrew their district in a way that means their vote no longer matters .
Recommended : How much do you know about the US Constitution ? A quiz .
In a year marked by several potentially landmark decisions , the most significant could be in the trio of gerrymandering cases the high court has reviewed – the last of which is being argued Tuesday .
Gerrymandering , the strategic redrawing of political district maps to advantage a candidate or party , is more than two centuries old . But with the rise of big data and advanced computing , gerrymandering has never been easier or more effective , experts warn , and is only expected to get more sophisticated . If the justices do n't establish new guardrails , the 2020 Census – and a new round of redistricting – will bring “ a festival of copycat gerrymandering the likes of which this country has never seen , ” a lawyer for Mr. Whitford told the Supreme Court last October .
The Supreme Court has responded . On Tuesday , the justices will return to the well-trodden issue of racial gerrymandering – where a district is found to be unlawful because it was drawn in a way that harms the voting power of minorities . Perhaps more strikingly , they also took the rare step this term of hearing two cases concerning partisan gerrymandering , one by Republicans in Wisconsin and one by Democrats in Maryland . It is legal , to a degree , for legislatures to redraw districts in a way that benefits them . Wary of becoming over-involved in local politics , the high court in the past has been reluctant to weigh in on when and how the exercise of redistricting ceases to pass constitutional muster .
But with another census less than two years away , “ this could be the final word the court says this decade on redistricting , ” says Michael Li , a senior counsel at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University Law School .
“ It 's going to be a blockbuster term for redistricting cases , running the gamut from race to politics , ” he adds . “ They clearly want to do something . Exactly what that looks like we 'll find out . ”
Every new round of redistricting involves a certain degree of partisan gerrymandering : The majority party in a state has a right to redraw political maps in a way that benefits them – up to a point . While the Supreme Court in both 1985 and 2004 acknowledged that redistricting can be so partisan as to become unconstitutional , on both occasions the justices said they could n't identify where that line is and what the remedy would be .
PARTISAN GERRYMANDERING
The court took another look at the issue this term with Gill v. Whitford , a case concerning the statewide political map approved by Republicans in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2011 .
In the 2012 election , Republicans won 60 of the 99 seats in the Wisconsin Assembly despite only winning 47 percent of the statewide vote . In 2014 they won 63 seats with 57 percent of the vote , and in 2016 they won 64 seats with about 53 percent of the vote . In a 2-to-1 decision , a three-judge federal district court panel found the redistricting plan unconstitutional , writing that the 2011 map “ secured for Republicans a lasting Assembly majority [ such that ] in any likely electoral scenario , the number of Republican seats would not drop below 50 percent . ”
When the Supreme Court heard arguments in the case , the justices seemed to agree that partisan gerrymandering is , as Justice Samuel Alito phrased it , “ distasteful. ” But they seemed to agree on little else after that .
According to Dreamhost , that personal info includes `` contact information , email content , and photos of thousands of people . '' That could easily lead the DOJ to identify anyone who used the site in service of exercising their Constitutionally-protected rights of free speech , the website host pointed out .
After questioning the warrant 's extreme volume of info requested , the DOJ fired back with a motion ( PDF ) asking the DC Superior Court to compel the host to comply . Dreamhost 's counsel filed legal arguments in opposition ( PDF ) , and will attend a court hearing about the matter in Washington , DC on August 18th .
It 's not the first time authorities have tried to pry information from internet companies on users that attended anti-Trump protests . DC law enforcement requested information from Facebook on a subscriber who attended an inauguration day protest -- and they wanted that person 's addresses , phone numbers and online session details . Moreover , a gag order prevented the social titan from informing up to three users who had been so targeted , but Facebook has been appealing that decision in court .
The last of the area sprinkles ended Monday afternoon , but we are still waiting for cooler , drier air to roll in from the west and northwest . That will occur Monday night and very early Tuesday morning as the second of a pair of cold fronts sweeps east of the viewing area .
Expect a Tuesday morning start for the Red Stick around 50° to the lower 50s under generally fair skies . You 'll notice a nice drop in the humidity too . We may not have entirely clear skies for Tuesday as wraparound flow brings clouds from the north , but you can look forward to fair skies through most of the day . Tuesday will be cooler in the afternoon too , with highs topping out in the 60s for most WAFB neighborhoods . And do n't forget Tuesday is the official first day of spring ( astronomical spring - Spring Equinox ) . The official time for the change in seasons is 11:15 a.m. CDT .
The First Alert Forecast into the weekend looks like a great one ! A warming trend will begin on Wednesday and continue into the weekend . The warm up will be accompanied by lots of sunshine for the work week with a mainly dry weekend on the way as well . Our forecast calls for highs in the Capital region around 70° for Wednesday , in the 70s for Thursday and Friday , and into the 80s for the weekend .
In the extended outlook , we are posting spotty showers for Sunday afternoon with a 30 percent chance of rain on Monday . Do n't let that ever so slight rain chance on Sunday change any weekend plans !
The Mississippi River is cresting along its stretch through the WAFB area , but we can expect extra high water to persist for Ole ' Man River for the next five to seven days before we start to see river levels fall . There 's still a bit of a rise to come for the lower Atchafalaya ( Morgan City ) , but the upper and middle stretches of that river are at/near crest and should show slow falls this week .
CLICK HERE for more weather news .
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
Self-Driving Car Prototypes Need Less Human Help
Self-driving car prototypes appear to be getting better at negotiating California streets and highways without human backup drivers intervening , according to data made public Wednesday by California transportation regulators .
The data reflect safety-related incidents reported by 11 companies that have been testing more than 100 vehicles on public roads , primarily in the Silicon Valley neighborhoods where the technology has grown up . The reports were made to California 's Department of Motor Vehicles , which posted them online .
The documents catalog the number of times from December 2015 through the end of November that humans took over control from a car 's software for safety reasons .
Waymo , as Google 's self-driving car project was recently rebranded , did far more testing than the other 10 companies combined -- and had much greater success .
Its fleet drove itself more than 635,000 miles with 124 safety-related `` disengagements , '' which must be reported when the technology fails or the backup driver takes control out of concern the car is malfunctioning .
The Google project 's disengagement rate was the equivalent of two incidents every 10,000 miles , a notable decrease over the prior year , when there were eight disengagements per 10,000 miles .
`` This four-fold improvement reflects the significant work we 've been doing to make our software and hardware more capable and mature , '' Dmitri Dolgov , Waymo 's head of self-driving technology wrote in a blog post .
Waymo 's chief critic acknowledged the improvement , but John Simpson of the nonprofit Consumer Watchdog said the number of disengagements shows the cars still `` simply are n't ready to be released to roam our roads '' without human backup drivers .
Other companies also showed improvements .
Nissan reported 28 disengagements over 4,099 miles , or 68 incidents per 10,000 miles -- far better than the 106 in 1,485 miles ( 713 per 10,000 miles ) it reported last year .
Cruise Automation , a startup acquired last year by General Motors , reported driving the second most test miles this year .
Cruise said its prototypes had 181 disengagements over 9,776 miles ( 185 per 10,000 miles ) and that it was `` pleased with our progress '' during testing on the complex streets of San Francisco . The company did not file numbers for 2015 because it did not have a testing permit that year .
Though imperfect , the data represent the best peek the public gets into the secretive and fiercely competitive world of self-driving cars and how the prototypes are performing .
California required the disengagement reports as part of regulations governing testing on public roads . Separately , the state also requires companies to report any collisions involving its cars .
When the technology will be ready for the public depends on several factors , including regulators ' readiness and company confidence the vehicles are safe .
While Tesla 's Elon Musk has been bullish , talking about months rather than years , companies such as Waymo have suggested 2017 or 2018 is more realistic .
Tesla 's disengagement report said four prototypes drove a total of 550 miles last fall , experiencing 182 disengagements -- the equivalent of 3,309 disengagements every 10,000 miles .
Tesla logged the miles primarily to develop a publicly posted video , set to the Rolling Stones song `` Paint It Black , '' of the driver 's seat perspective in a car where a person does not have to put their hands on the wheel or feet on the pedals . The video promoted how Tesla was shipping cars with advanced sensors that will be activated in the future .
Generally , Tesla tests on private land , not public roads . Those disengagements are not reported to the state .
Meanwhile , Tesla is gathering tens of millions of miles of real-world data when owners engage the current Autopilot feature , which can control steering and speed but is not sophisticated enough to make the cars self-driving from the regulatory perspective .
California 's Department of Motor Vehicles has been working for several years on regulations that will govern how the technology can be rolled out to the public when companies believe testing shows it is ready .
The state expects to release final `` public operation '' regulations within six weeks , according to Melissa Figueroa , a spokeswoman for California 's State Transportation Agency .
The Department of Motor Vehicles , which is part of the agency , made public a first draft in December 2015 , nearly a year after final rules were supposed to be in place . The department has since revised the language based on developments at the federal level and input from industry and other groups .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
The Ventura County Fair wo n't be here until August , but organizers have been hard at work scheduling the music lineup for the 11-day event . The Grandstand Entertainment Series is always a major highlight , and as in year 's past , the mix includes something for everyone .
Pop nostalgia by the decades seems to be the theme for the fair 's first week . The dream of the '90s ( and early-aughts ) will be alive when Smash Mouth and Sugar Ray both take the stage on Thursday , Aug. 3 . The heart of rock and roll still beats for 1980s hitmakers Huey Lewis and the News ( Friday , Aug. 4 ) , while disco fans can shake their booties to KC and the Sunshine Band ( Saturday , Aug. 5 ) . The Dia de la Familia concert on Sunday afternoon , Aug. 6 , will feature a variety of Latin music performers ( yet to be announced ) .
Week two of the fair brings country and R & B artists . Savannah , Georgia-native Billy Currington headlines on Monday , Aug. 7 , followed Tuesday , Aug. 8 , by Motown greats The Spinners in the afternoon and Kenny “ Babyface ” Edmonds in the evening . Wynonna Judd and her band The Big Noise will headline the final concert before the rodeo takes over the arena ; catch her on Friday , Aug. 11 .
Two outliers add something a little different to the fair 's usual entertainment . Post-grunge , alternative metal band Shinedown appears Wednesday , Aug. 9 , and Gabriel Iglesias brings comedy to the grandstand on Thursday , Aug. 10 , with his “ Fluffy Mania ” show .
Lots of great music to go with the corn dogs , rollercoasters and pig races . Plan accordingly !
The Ventura County Fair “ Rooted in Tradition ” takes place Aug. 2-13 . For more information call 648-3376 or visit www.venturacountyfair.org .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Roger that : The Orioles ' pitching is as bad as the Braves '
Funny things — not funny ha-ha , funny strange — happen when an Atlanta Braves pitching coach leaves here . For one thing , he winds up in Baltimore . For another , he finds his new assignment more immediately challenging than the one he just left .
It happened that way with Leo Mazzone , who in my view was a Hall of Fame pitching coach — and how many Hall of Fame coaches , as opposed to managers , of any kind can you name ? — with the Braves . With the Orioles , his pitchers ranked 29th and 29th in ERA . After those two seasons , Rockin ' Leo was fired .
The man who replaced Mazzone here was Roger McDowell . He did largely excellent work with the Braves . The past two seasons were less good : The team ranked 27th and 24th in ERA . The Braves chose not to keep McDowell , whom they believed was the wrong mentor for young pitchers . He wound up guess where .
Early returns under Chuck Hernandez , McDowell 's successor , have n't been encouraging . The Braves are 22nd in overall ERA ; their starters are 26th . ( The Braves believe Hernandez will be better with young pitchers ; trouble is , they paired him with Bartolo Colon and R.A. Dickey , both on the high side of 40 . )
As for the Orioles : They 've been even worse . They 're 26th in overall ERA ; their starters are 29th .
Baltimore has been getting away with having substandard rotations for a while . Of the 10 teams that made the 2016 postseason , eight ranked first through eighth in starters ' ERA , which tells us all we need to know about the worth of starting pitching . The exceptions were Texas , which ranked 16th , and the Orioles , who ranked 24th . Baltimore has n't had a rotation that finished in the top 10 of MLB teams in ERA this century .
That said , the Orioles often outperform their rotation due to good hitting , a good bullpen and Buck Showalter , considered the best in-game manager going . ( Although this same Buck Showalter did n't use the great reliever Zach Britton in a wild-card game his team lost in 11 innings last fall , a non-move that will adhere forever . )
Baltimore is 31-32 , which means it 's not out of anything , but we note it was once 22-10 , which means a precipitous slide is ongoing . With a run differential of minus-48 — second-worst among American League clubs — it 's hard to see a postseason berth on the horizon . FanGraphs calculates the Orioles ' chances of making the playoffs at 8.0 percent .
Speaking of which : Dave Cameron of FanGraphs offers a missive entitled , “ The Orioles rotation is terrible. ” McDowell is n't mentioned , but he is the pitching coach , and his stock in trade is being good with middling veterans , which is all Baltimore has . ( Only Dylan Bundy is younger than 26 ; Ubaldo Jimenez and Wade Miley are 30-plus . )
Cameron notes that the O 's , far from rebuilding , “ are trying to win before Manny Machado hits free agency . They have a $ 165 million payroll , most of it going to older players on the downside of their career . But they have the rotation of a rebuilder or an also-ran , and bullpen magic does n't help you much when you 're down 10-0 in the third inning . ”
His conclusion : “ To keep this team in contention , the Orioles are going to need their starting pitchers to figure things out in a hurry . And then they 're probably going to need to trade for another arm or three in July . ”
Hmm . Is there any team we know that 's apt to be trading starting pitchers on expiring contracts ? Pretty sure the Braves could be persuaded to part with Jaime Garcia . Pretty sure they 'd take almost anything — a crate of crab cakes , even — for Colon and/or Dickey .
welcome back my life in music , 😊😊 kegiatan mulai banyak latian nyanyi and ketemu lagi ama studio 😄😂🎧 , maan its been age 's but still in love in music / thx for my brother who always support me to going back in track ! ! @ alam_urbach , lets do it .... ( mulai lagi latian nyanyi 😄 klo gak ntar diomelin @ alam_urbach
A post shared by nafaurbach official ( @ nafaurbach ) on Apr 15 , 2017 at 10:54pm PDT
Delta govt pledges enabling environment for Aladja Industrial Energy Park
By Festus Ahon & Egufe Yafugborhi
ASABA—Delta State Government has pledged to provide an enabling environment for the establishment of the Aladja Industrial Energy Park , AIEPARK , Aladja , Udu Local Government Area of the state .
Secretary to the State Government , Mr Festus Agas , gave the assurance at Government House , Asaba , when Warri-based firm , O-Secul Nigeria Limited , initiator of the industrial park project and one of its partners , Dubai-based Access Power , visited to intimate government of their readiness to kick-start the project with the provision of a 650mw power plant .
Agas said that the current administration was committed to the rapid socio-economic development of the state and stressed the need for mutually beneficial collaboration with relevant private investors as the state government can not do it alone .
Meanwhile Chairman , O-secul , Michael Orugbo , told Vanguard in Warri after the Asaba visit that in terms of funding , land acquisition and other investors ' requirements , Access Power and O-Secul were ready to start construction of the power plant to pave way for the investors in other sectors .
He said : “ About 150 acres of land have been duly acquired from the host community . A sales agreement with the Nigerian Gas Company for gas to feed the power plant had been signed earlier and needs review . ”
The post Delta govt pledges enabling environment for Aladja Industrial Energy Park appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A once-popular idea to equip cars with technology to communicate with one another and avoid collisions is encountering unexpected potholes in Washington .
An array of forces , from free-market groups opposed to government mandates to cable providers angling for greater access to high-speed wireless airwaves , have mounted opposition to a proposal that all new cars have vehicle-to-vehicle communications systems .
`` This technology faces a huge number of hurdles , not the least of which is whether it 's even needed , '' said Mike Ramsey , an analyst with the technology research firm Gartner Inc. `` There are a number of reasons why it may never get off the ground . ''
The Obama administration proposed the rule in December , saying it could eliminate 80 % of vehicle crashes involving unimpaired drivers . If the rule is finalized , all new light-duty vehicles would be required within four years to be equipped with vehicle-to-vehicle communication systems . The technology will work hand-in-hand with new automated safety devices , such as automatic braking , in another step toward making driverless vehicles a reality , the Department of Transportation said at the time .
More than 400 people and organizations filed formal opinions with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration by last week 's deadline , reflecting a wide range of viewpoints .
The proposal enjoys broad support from safety advocates , with the National Safety Council commenting that the technology adds a layer of awareness and redundancy to on-board vehicle sensors `` that will be critical as higher levels of automation are deployed . ''
But automakers are split on the virtues of the plan , with some voicing strong support and others pointing out flaws in the government 's approach .
The Association of Global Automakers , a trade group that represents foreign-owned automakers including Toyota Motor Corp. , Honda Motor Co. and Hyundai Motor Co. , says that more than $ 1 billion in private and public funds have been spent developing the systems . The group says the mandate is `` the best way to ensure nationwide deployment '' as soon as possible , according to its filing with NHTSA .
Major automotive industry companies , including General Motors Co. , Denso Corp. , Delphi Automotive Plc and Toyota , have spent more than a decade developing vehicle-to-vehicle , or '' V2V , '' communications systems .
`` The safety benefit of V2V is undeniable . It will save lives , and everybody knows that , '' said Harry Lightsey , executive director of federal affairs for connected cars at General Motors . `` A delay in rolling out V2V will cost lives , and that 's a tragedy . ''
One of the mandate 's loudest cheerleaders , General Motors earlier this year launched the first V2V-equipped vehicle , the 2017 Cadillac CTS . NHTSA 's proposed mandate is the best way to quickly advance the technology and to put a dent in the number of car crashes , Lightsey said .
The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , which represents a dozen automakers , including GM , Ford Motor Co. and Volkswagen AG , said NHTSA 's proposal needed additional clarity on several issues , including how security would be addressed , and asked for more time to implement the mandate than the proposal provides .
In its comment , Tesla Inc. said policy guidance and industry cooperation would be a better approach for encouraging V2V , calling NHTSA 's V2V strategy `` too antiquated and vague '' to protect the privacy of V2V messages .
Those messages are sent between cars 10 times per second using `` dedicated short range communications '' on airwaves reserved by the Federal Communications Commission in 1999 .
Google 's flagship Android device has now sold over 1 million units , media reported , saying the figure was reached based on downloads of an application exclusive to the device .
While this is a milestone in the eight-month history of Pixel seen as Google 's answer to the Apple iPhone , the number is overshadowed by its competition .
In comparison , Apple sold over 70 million iPhones ( which included iPhone 7 ) in the last quarter of 2016 while Samsung is estimated to have sold 5 million units of Galaxy S8 in the first month of its release .
According to Arstechnica , Google does n't release sales data but the installations of the device-exclusive “ Pixel Launcher ” app has just passed the 1 million mark .
The data includes pre-installed apps on new Pixel phones and does n't count installs on third-party devices and so can accurately estimate the number of Pixel phones sold , the report said .
Launched last year , Pixel is the first smartphone that works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator .
The 5-inch smartphone is equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset , 4GB of RAM and runs on Android Nougat 7.0 operating system .
The device also has Pixel Imprint — a fingerprint scanner on the back of the smartphone for quick access to all apps , texts and e-mails .
YouTube/Shady00018
The magic of sports video games in 2018 is that you can do far more than just play as your favorite players or teams . Now , you can create a player that looks almost exactly like you ( or , like the that you want to be ) and become a star athlete , even if your real life self is far from having that kind of sports talent .
You also can imagine what it 'd be like if , say , Drake was an NBA player in NBA 2K18 . We know Drake is a huge basketball fan , serving as the global ambassador for the Toronto Raptors and regularly referencing hoops in his songs , but we also know he is not a particularly good basketball player in actuality .
Pittsburgh Penguins centre Sidney Crosby ( 87 ) and Ottawa Senators defenseman Erik Karlsson ( 65 ) collide during the second period of game six of the Eastern Conference final in the NHL Stanley Cup hockey playoffs in Ottawa on Tuesday , May 23 , 2017 . ( Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press via AP )
OTTAWA , Ontario ( AP ) -- The Ottawa Senators are hopeful that star defenseman Erik Karlsson will be ready for the start of next season following surgery on his left foot Wednesday .
General manager Pierre Dorion says Karlsson 's recovery from surgery to repair torn tendons in the foot would take approximately four months .
The 27-year-old Swede was injured during the playoffs , though he still piled up 18 points in 19 games and played 28 minutes per game . Ottawa lost in the Eastern Conference final to eventual Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh .
After the first round against Boston , Karlsson revealed that he had been playing through hairline fractures in that same left foot - an injury suffered in late March . Ottawa said the tendon damage was found during an MRI following the season .
A four-month timeline would allow for Karlsson to return in mid-October .
Last week , we discussed some of the ways to manage farm income and cash flow . This week , we provide some ways to manage your liabilities . Most of these options will not reduce your debt , but they may buy you more time to catch up .
1Extend loan terms
A common way to reduce cash flow pressure is to negotiate longer repayment terms . This will often reduce cash-flow pressure , but remember that the debt must still be paid and that this strategy will not reduce cost , nor increase income . Extending the repayment terms is a way to buy yourself more time .
2
Reamortize carryover
Some farmers will be unable to repay their operating loan in years of financial stress and consequently will incur carryover debt . One way to manage this carryover is to convert it into a longer-term loan — of maybe five years — and set up a payment schedule to systematically reduce it over time .
3Pay interest only
When a loan is well secured and cash-flow shortage is assumed to be temporary , the lender may accept an interest-only payment as an alternative to the full principal and interest payment required by the amortization schedule .
4Increase collateral
This strategy does little to relieve the root causes of financial stress , but it does give the lender a stronger financial position in case of default down the road .
5Acquire guarantees or contracts
Like increasing collateral , this strategy increases the comfort level of the lender and , consequently , should increase his willingness to extend repayment terms or reamortize collateral .
6Reduce debt
Pay off some of the debt and reduce the debt servicing requirements . The funds might come from non-farm earnings , other family members in the form of a gift or personal loan with attractive terms , or the sale of farm business assets .
7Refinance
If interest rates have declined , it might be possible to refinance some loans and reduce interest expenses . You need to compare the cost of refinancing with the savings in interest .
Sources : Purdue Extension .
Next week : Farm and Dairy will look at how to manage assets .
( Farm and Dairy is featuring a series of “ 101 ” columns throughout the year to help young and beginning farmers master farm living . From finances to management to machinery repair and animal care , farmers do it all . )
More Farming 101 columns :
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
US House Speaker Paul Ryan deleted a tweet Saturday touting the GOP tax overhaul after critics called him out for appearing out of touch with the reality of low-income individuals ' financial situations . The tweet shared the story of a secretary who , according to a report by the Associated Press , was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $ 1.50 a week . Democrats , who opposed the changes , say the cuts will mainly benefit the ultra-rich.Ryan , the most senior Republican in the US House of Representatives .
In a tweet sent at 11:51 a.m. , Ryan linked to an Associated Press article about workers starting to see increase in their paychecks from the GOP 's tax bill
US House speaker Paul Ryan has come under fire after citing a school worker who was $ 1.50 a week better off because of recent tax cuts . Ryan deleted a tweet about a school secretary who , he said , was “ pleasantly surprised ” by the increase , BBC reported on Saturday . The post was widely derided by many social media users saying $ 1.50 was not a significant pay hike . It comes after President Donald Trump approved the most sweeping overhaul of the US tax system in decades . Republicans say the tax reforms will help businesses and individuals , and boost economic growth .
Democrats , who opposed the changes , say the cuts will mainly benefit the ultra-rich . Ryan , the most senior Republican in the US House of Representatives , had tweeted a link to a report by the Associated Press in which Julia Ketchum , a secretary at a public high school in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , said she would be $ 78 a year better off , which she said would more than cover her annual membership for the wholesale outlet Costco .
Paul Ryan deleted his embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because he and Republicans do n't want you to know the truth : the # GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1 % at your expense . He also does n't want you to know he got $ 500.000.00 from the Koch family . pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi ( @ TeamPelosi ) February 3 , 2018
Jon Favreau , a former Obama staffer , tweeted : “ As a thank you for passing a $ 1 trillion corporate tax cut , Paul Ryan received $ 500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers , which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco. ” Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Ryan deleted his “ embarrassing tweet ” because it was a “ blatant admission ” of the tax bill 's unfairness . In a tweet , she also referred to reports that Ryan 's fundraising committee had received $ 500,000 from billionaire Republican donor Charles Koch days after the tax overhaul was passed.Others also said the tweet showed Ryan was out of touch with Americans on low incomes . Ryan has not yet responded to the reaction .
Leeds United slipped out of the Championship play-off places through a 1-0 loss at home to Wolves .
But how did YEP chief football writer Phil Hay assess the performances ?
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) — A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release information about its lethal injection process .
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre on Wednesday ruled the `` public has a common law right of access '' to those records . Bowdre says the state can keep some information secret , such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions .
She ordered the state to tell her by June 7 if there is any sensitive identifying information in any of the records the court plans to make public .
The office of Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall says it 's reviewing the order .
The Associated Press and other news outlets had filed a motion seeking release of the information .
For years Alabama has refused to divulge details of its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used .
FILE - In this Sept. 26 , 2016 , file photo , Arcan Cetin is escorted into Skagit County District Court by Skagit County 's Sheriff 's Deputies , in Mount Vernon , Wash. News reports say that Cetin , who was charged with shooting and killing five people at a mall in Washington state in September , has been found dead in his jail cell . KING-TV reports that the Skagit County Prosecutor 's Office said Cetin was found hanging in his cell just before 9 p.m. Sunday , April 16 , 2017 . ( Brandy Shreve/Skagit Valley Herald via AP , File )
SEATTLE ( AP ) — A man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year was found dead in his jail cell in an apparent suicide , authorities said Monday .
Arcan Cetin , 20 , was discovered hanging Sunday evening , said Rosemary Kaholokula , chief criminal deputy prosecutor for Skagit County .
He was being held in neighboring Snohomish County , where he was awaiting the results of a mental competency evaluation .
The Snohomish County Sheriff 's Office , which runs the jail , said in a news release Monday that a 20-year-old inmate had been found unresponsive , and that efforts to revive the prisoner failed . The death is under investigation , the statement said .
Investigators say Cetin shot a teenage girl , a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington , 65 miles ( 105 km ) north of Seattle , on Sept. 23 . Authorities captured him about 30 hours later near his apartment and said he confessed during police interviews but did not explain why he did it .
The family of victim Chuck Eagan said in a written statement they were shocked by the death .
`` We pray that the man repented to God before his death , '' the statement said . `` While this event puts to rest our fear of his release , we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief . ''
Cetin had been charged with aggravated murder , which can bring the death penalty , but he had not entered pleas pending mental evaluations . His attorney did not immediately return a message seeking comment .
The 20-year-old had a history of violent behavior toward his family and ex-girlfriend . Cetin 's stepfather , David Marshall , said the family had been trying to get Cetin help for mental health issues .
According to police reports , Cetin had told his ex that his father was connected to `` bad people in Turkey . '' Asked during interviews whether his Turkish relatives had ties to terrorist groups , Cetin said no . He also said he did n't have any contact with those relatives .
He said he had watched beheadings by the Islamic State group online but considered such terrorist actions wrong .
Asked if ISIS had inspired the mall killings , Cetin responded , `` I ca n't answer that , '' police wrote .
The shootings were captured on surveillance video . The victims were Sarai Lara , 16 , and Shayla Martin , 52 , both of Mount Vernon ; Eagan , 61 , of Lake Stevens ; Belinda Galde , 64 , of Arlington ; and Galde 's mother , Beatrice Dotson , 95 , of Kingsport , Tennessee .
French federation president tips Zidane for future France job
The president of the French Football Federation has said he expects Zinedine Zidane to eventually manage France .
“ That is a logical continuation . It is likely that one day he will be interested , ” Noel Le Graet told RMC radio on Wednesday when asked about the prospect of Zidane coaching Les Bleus in the future .
The 44-year-old , who was the star of the France teams that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 , is fresh from a stunningly successful first full season in charge of Real Madrid .
The Spanish giants , where Zidane finished his playing career , retained the Champions League title having pipped Barcelona to take the crown in La Liga for the first time since 2012 .
“ For the moment I think he still has a lot to give to Real and the club suits him perfectly , ” added Le Graet , surprised by his rapid rise .
“ I ca n't believe what he is doing . I spoke to him two or three years ago , and at the time I was strongly advising him to go to Bordeaux or somewhere else , to start his career at a Ligue 1 club or somewhere more modest . ”
The post French federation president tips Zidane for future France job appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
US Rapper Meek Mill Has Been Released From Prison
After spending nearly five months incarcerated after a controversial ruling , prominent US rapper , who received a sentence of two to four years in prison for violating probation , has been released from prison , according to Billboard .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Monday ordered an immediate release for Mill , and directed the judge to release him on “ unsecured bail . ”
“ I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z , Desiree Perez , my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans . “ The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time , ” Meek said in a statement released to Billboard . “ While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . “ To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice — not only for my case , but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct , ” he said . Mill said further , “ Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues .
Mill received a two-to-four year prison sentence in November for violating probation on a 2008 gun and drug case .
I 'd like to thank God , my family , and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time . While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
To the Philly District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
He was arrested in 2017 after being involved in a fight and arrested again later for popping wheelies on a dirt bike .
Judge Genece Brinkley cited a failed drug test and the rapper 's noncompliance with a court order restricting his travel in her sentencing order .
The post US Rapper Meek Mill Has Been Released From Prison appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Tarisai Machakaire
Vendors ' leader , Sten Zvorwadza , and 13 alleged accomplices yesterday gave notice of intention to have their public disorder case referred to the Constitutional Court ( Con-Court ) .
The group — charged with disorderly conduct in a public place following a July 16 , 2016 demonstration against alleged municipal police corruption — appeared before Harare magistrate Nomsa Sabarauta .
They were represented by Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights ' Jeremiah Bamu .
The application for referral is on the basis that “ all their actions in this matter are constitutionally protected within sections 58 , 59 , 60 and 61 of the Constitution which guarantees freedom of assembly , association and conscience ” .
Bamu will make an oral presentation of the application on February 20 .
Prosecutor , Desire Chidanire , alleged that on July 16 last year , Zvorwadza — chairperson of the National Vendors Union of Zimbabwe ( Navuz ) — was in the company of a group of vendors when they decided to demonstrate against alleged corruption by municipal police .
The vendors were bitter that municipal cops looted their wares and shared it among themselves , and , in some instances , would demand bribes to release the goods .
It was alleged that Zvorwadza and his members gathered at Town House in Harare , holding placards that read : “ Stop harassing women and children ” , “ Stop confiscation of our goods ” and “ Zvemadhisinyongoro hatichada ” .
The court heard that they were dispersed by police , however , when they realised that the cops had left the scene , they reportedly regrouped and returned to Town House led by Zvorwadza .
They reportedly demanded to see the town clerk or mayor and approached security personnel that were stationed at the entrance .
The court heard that the vendors reportedly attempted to force their way into Town House but were restrained .
This did not stop them from singing and blocking the way for people who wanted to enter the building and conduct their business .
Police officers returned to the scene and advised the group to leave but the vendors reportedly held their hands together tightly and police had a hard time arresting them . Daily News
Icelandic National Allegedly Involved in Cryptocurrency Mining Rig Thefts Recaptured in Amsterdam
An Icelandic national who escaped from jail at end of last week for his involvement in a cryptocurrency mining heist has been arrested in Amsterdam , according to reports .
Sindri Thor Stefansson , originally arrested in February , is one of 11 men wanted in connection with the theft of 600 computers in late-December and early-January which were being used to mine digital currencies . The machines , worth $ 2 million , are still missing .
Iceland is a popular location for cryptocurrency mining operations because almost 100 % of the power generated in the Nordic country comes from renewable resources . The cold climate is also ideal as operating mining rigs produces a lot of excess heat .
Stefansson 's Escape
Last week Stefansson escaped Sogn open prison in southern Iceland and made his way to Keflavik International Airport . He then took a flight to Sweden with a ticket under another man 's name . Soon thereafter , an international warrant was issued for his arrest .
On Sunday , in what may have led to his capture , Stefansson was photographed with two others in front of the Bijenkorf department store in central Amsterdam and the picture was placed on Instagram , according to Dutch newspaper The Algemeen Dagblad .
As of now it is unclear how Stefansson made his way to Amsterdam , and Icelandic police have not yet released detailed information regarding his re-capture , reports the Associated Press . It was reported , though , that authorities had been monitoring electricity consumption patterns in the search for the missing rigs , and also called upon local internet service providers , electricians , and owners of storage units to report any suspicious behavior .
Stefansson Held Without Trail
In a recently penned letter to Iceland 's Frettabladid newspaper , Stefansson claimed he was not guilty and that he had been held in the country without trial . According to the letter , he had plans to take his case to the European Court of Human Rights .
Stefansson said he was not serving a sentence in Iceland and that his period of custody had run out . He claims he was told on Monday of last week , before he escaped , that he was free to go , but that police would without explanation arrest him if he left the prison .
“ I simply refuse to be in prison of my own free will , especially when the police threaten to arrest me without explanation , ” he said in the letter , where he claimed that he was forced to sign a statement agreeing to remain in custody .
According to Stefansson , there was no evidence that he was involved in the mining rig heist , ‘ only suspicion . ' Without further information available at this time , it 's hard to say if there 's any truth to his claims of innocence . What 's certain is that Icelandic police must have more than ‘ suspicion ' considering the lengths gone to re-capture the fugitive .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Icelandic National Allegedly Involved in Cryptocurrency Mining Rig Thefts Recaptured in Amsterdam appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Virginia Cooperative Extension Service needs more Master Gardeners . More details from WFIR 's Bob Clark :
6-14 Master Gardners Wrap # 1-WEB
A seating area has been enhanced alongside the River Slea , near Westgate in town .
The mosaic paving was designed and made by local mosaic making group MosArt , with support from ArtsNK and funded by Sleaford in Bloom and the David Trethewey Memorial Fund to stop weeds growing up through the existing metal sculptural bench . It will be officially unveiled on October 11 by the Mayor of Sleaford , Coun Jan Mathieson at 5.30pm .
All involved in the creation will be at the site on the riverside walk by the Slea celebrating the completion and installation of this project .
Many people who regularly walk this path have expressed their appreciation of this very functional work of art . They say it has greatly enhanced the riverside seating area near to Westgate Park and The Electra Club .
Ada Trethewey of Sleaford in Bloom commissioned local community group , MosArt – Mosaic Artists in Lincolnshire , who generally work with more
traditional mosaic tiles , to create this pebble mosaic .
A number of years ago two beautiful seats were installed there by artsNK , adjacent to the pathway . Sadly , irregular grass maintenance meant that the place often looked neglected with vegetation growing through the seats .
After much research into techniques , MosArt members came up with a plan to change this situation . They have created a durable and attractive surface with a pebble design which reflects the flow and the patterns seen in the water of the River Slea .
MosArt members are Ladey Adey , Kate Batsford , Sindy Benton , Joan Dalton , Pauline Dobson and Ann Hughes , with significant input from Denis Adey .
It was a new challenge for this local group but they enjoyed learning new skills , rising to the challenges that this project presented . It is hoped that both local people and visitors enjoy their creation whilst sitting on the seats or walking by the riverside .
MosArt has been grateful for donations of materials from Jackson 's Buildbase and Travis Perkins . Thanks go to all those who have helped and laboured this far . They are also very grateful to Chris Bellinger of Sleaford Roofing and his team for installing the pavers into this site .
Another bench by MosArt that was vandalised at the Nettles arts area has been refurbished and is hoped to be relocated to Eastgate Green .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue is U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump 's leading candidate to run the U.S. Department of Agriculture , a senior Trump transition team official said on Monday .
Perdue , a Democrat-turned-Republican who founded a grain and fertilizer business , served on Trump 's agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign .
The official gave no other details about Trump 's choice for agriculture secretary , one of the few remaining posts Trump has to fill as he assumes the White House on Jan. 20 .
The appointment must be approved by the Republican-led U.S. Senate .
Perdue , 70 , led the southern U.S. state for two terms as governor from 2003 to 2011 after previously representing a rural swath of central Georgia about 100 miles south of Atlanta in the state Senate .
Elected in 2002 , he became the state 's first Republican since 1871 , according to the National Governors Association .
After finishing his second term as governor , Perdue founded Perdue Partners , a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products .
Trump had been meeting with a number of other possible candidates for U.S. agriculture secretary , including Elsa Murano , undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush , and Chuck Conner , head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives .
He has also met with Abel Maldonado , former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards ; Tim Huelskamp , Republican U.S. representative from Kansas ; and Sid Miller , Texas agriculture commissioner .
( Reporting by Steve Holland ; Additional reporting by Mark Weinraub in Chicago and Susan Heavey ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Andrea Ricci )
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) — Anglers and resort owners on Mille Lacs Lake will be facing a third consecutive catch-and-release-only season for walleye , the Department of Natural Resources announced Monday .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Graduating seniors , family , friends and school-mates gathered at Orange Coast College to salute the graduating Class of 2017 for Fountain Valley High .
The school , which celebrated its 50th anniversary last year , is the home of the Barons . Once the largest high school west of the Mississippi River with 4,300 students , Fountain Valley still has a robust enrollment of 3,700 according to U.S. News and World Report .
Rapists & Wife beaters to Face Life Sentence in Ekiti State
The Ekiti State Government on Monday announced that rapists and wife beaters now face life sentence . The Permanent Secretary in the State Ministry of Information , Youth and Sports Development , Kola Ajumobi , said this at a public enlightenment forum in Ado Ekiti , the state capital . Ajumobi also announced an increase in the maternity leave period for women in [ … ]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Killing of Nigerian in S/Africa unacceptable–FG
Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora , Abike Dabiri-Erewa , has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “ worrying and condemnable ” . Dabiri-Erewa in a statement in Abuja on Monday said the latest gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa , was unacceptable to the people and government of Nigeria . The statement was signed by her Media aide , Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rue Insurance honors its employees at Gala by
Tuesday , February 14 2017 @ 10:09 AM EST
Posted in News & Views
Rue Insurance held its annual awards and recognition dinner gala at Mercer Oaks Golf Club in West Windsor on Thursday , January 26 , 2017 . This awards dinner marked Rue Insurance celebrating 100 Years of doing business in Mercer County and several surrounding counties .
At the dinner , the following members of the organization were recognized for outstanding achievement : Sarah Lunetta , Rookie of the Year ; Brendan Stenson , Could n't Do It Without You ; Nancy Koval , Internal Customer ; Adele Mazzucco , Agency Shooting Star ; David Concodora , Pinnacle Agent and Sales Agent ; Denise Costa , Commercial Lines Select Pinnacle ; Kathleen Rippert , Client Services Pinnacle ; Amanda Morris , Personal Lines Pinnacle ; and John Clauser , A Million Dollar Club .
The following employees were recognized for Perfect Attendance : Lisa Cottone , Brendan Stenson , Denise Costa , William Lueckel , Ellen Outten , Brien Sayre , Annmarie Schaller , Constance Czap , Sarah Dietz , Daphne Franklin , Debra Masterpalo , and Carol Ruge .
Also acknowledged on that evening were the following employees for their Continuous Years of Service : 5 Years - Brunilda Ciuffreda , David Concodora ; 10 Years - Christine Frezzo ; 15 Years - Casandra Myernick ; 30 Years - Daphne Franklin and 35 Years - Constance Czap .
The following individuals received Professional Designations in 2016 : Brendan Stenson - Construction Risk & Insurance Specialist ; Zach Granata - Accredited Advisor of Insurance ; Brendan Stenson - Management Liability Insurance Specialist ; Patricia Shea and Shelley Myers - Certified Insurance Service Representative .
Advertisement
Being well-dressed provides you with confidence that can help your succeed in life . When you dress well , you 'll want to smile when you catch a glimpse of yourself . Also , it always feels good when you 're noticed by someone else . People turning their heads to check you out is a satisfying feeling . You can see how easy it is when you read the following article .
If you are overweight , you have to be very careful about wearing clothes that have stripes . Make sure you wear vertical stripes if you are going to wear any at all . Wearing stripes that run horizontally will only do the trick of making you look larger than you really are .
Always watch the trends and changes in the fashion world . Styles constantly change , and so you should check out fashion magazines to keep in the loop . Magazines get looks directly from the runway , so they are often the first to publish new trends .
Choose items to add to your wardrobe that make sense for your lifestyle . If you spend most of your time in jeans , then buy the best looking and best-fitting jeans that you can afford . The money you spend on an item for your wardrobe that you wear regularly is always a good investment .
If you like form fitting clothing , it is very important to know what materials and colors blend together , and will hold their form the best . This is significant because if you get the wrong blend , not only the outfit will possibly go out of shape , but it might be uncomfortable as well .
Wear light colors when you go out on a sunny summer day . Light colors reflect the sunlight and will keep you cooler . Dark colors tend to retain heat and can make you hot . Clothing in white is the most ideal for a warm day in the summer because it reflects light the best .
You can have a dressy look by wearing black jeans and a nice blouse , with heels . Colored jeans look better with more casual looks .
Do n't be afraid to wear the look you love . It can often feel a bit scary to sport a look that is a bit out of the norm . However , if you really want to wear it , just do it ! It makes good sense to allow your true inner fashion diva to come out , even if she 's on the quirky side .
If you are a mother , fashion is probably the last thing on your mind , But know that it is possible to look good and practical at the same time . Whether taking the kids to the park , sporting events or any other event , spruce up your look with a nice T-Shirt , knee-length skirt and a pair of flat sandals !
For a slimming effect , create color blocks . For example , wear a skirt , hose and shoes that are all the same color . This will create the visual impression of a block of color , which will make you look slimmer than you actually are . This can also be a way to make a bold statement .
Always break in a new pair of shoes before a special occasion or a long awaited vacation trip . There is nothing worse than finding that a new pair of shoes pinches or rubs when you are in the middle of a wedding reception or walking on a guided tour of a fabulous new city .
Do n't be afraid to experiment . Instead of going with the norm , play with your wardrobe . Try pairing a stiff skirt with a soft and flowing top . Combine dress shoes with your favorite casual pair of jeans . Often the most unusual pairings can turn out to be the most stylish choice .
When purchasing jeans , go for timeless looks . For example , classic straight leg or boot cut jeans never go out of style . Opt for either of these styles in either a dark denim or slightly faded to remain in style throughout the years . By opting for these styles , you will always be in style no matter the current fashion .
If you are looking for a way to look better , this article has given you some great tips on improving your style . Get out of that fashion slump and start choosing looks based on the tips in this article . You will find you look better than ever before and feel better too .
Selfie-seeking tourist bitten by Thai crocodile
A French tourist was bitten by a crocodile inside a Thai national park as she tried to get close to the fearsome animal to take a selfie , an official said on Monday .
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon in Khao Yai , a popular national park filled with dense jungle hiking trails and waterfalls three hours north of Bangkok .
“ She wanted to take selfie with the crocodile who was lying down near a stream , ” a park official told AFP , asking not to be named because he did not have the authority to speak to the media .
“ It was startled and bit her on the leg . ”
The official said two crocodiles had made their home on that particular section of the park for years with warning signs laid out .
“ I guess that she wanted to see it for real , ” he added .
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the 47-year-old victim strapped to a stretcher , a thick bandage wrapped around her knee .
Another shot showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English “ Danger Crocodile No Swimming ” .
The victim was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to recover .
Siamese crocodiles were once ubiquitous across South East Asia but their populations have been decimated in the last century by hunting and habitat loss .
They are currently listed as critically endangered on the IUCN 's red list .
In Thailand there are just a handful of wild populations left in central and western national parks .
Most tourists will only see them in crocodile parks , many of which have been criticised by animal rights groups for controversial feeding practices .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Education and Finance Ministries have criticized executive director Yapha Ben David of the Histadrut Hamorim teachers ' union for the announcement that it will start Tuesday classes throughout the public education system at 11am , except for special education , which will start at its normal time .
Calling the decision `` brutal , arbitrary and reckless '' , the ministries said , `` It is unfortunate to see that students , parents , teachers and the system are paying the price of her race for head of the Histadrut Hamorim in May and are being used by her as a tool . ''
Biscuits Win Big Against Generals
by Rashad Snell
The Biscuits ( 67-52 ) won another game over the Jackson Generals ( 60-59 ) on Sunday night , taking a fourth-straight meeting from their North Division Rivals at Riverwalk stadium by a score of 9-4 . Montgomery is now on a season-high seven game winning streaks for the first time this season , 15 games above five hundred for the first time all year , and currently lead the Generals by seven games in the Wild Card standings .
Logan Darnell ( 4-1 ) made his eighth start of the year for the Butter and Blue , and got through seven innings for the fifth time this season , allowing four runs on eleven hits , while striking out five to earn the win . After getting through the first two frames allowing just two hits , Jackson got to the southpaw in the third when Travis Denker crushed a long ball over the left field wall , his fourth homer of the season to give the Generals an early 1-0 lead for a second-consecutive night . It did n't last long though as Montgomery torched Frank Duncan ( 0-1 ) in his Double-A Debut for the Generals , who went six innings , allowing five runs ( three earned ) on six hits , while striking out three and walking two in a loss .
In the third , Montgomery brought across three runs , beginning with an RBI-groundout from Nathan Lukes to tie the game at one . Andrew Velazquez then reached on a fielder 's choice , and Michael Russell who lead off the inning with a single , would come around and score thanks to a fielding error by catcher Michael Perez to put the Biscuits up , 2-1 . An RBI-double from Grant Kay , his 33 of the season , and an RBI-groundout from Dalton Kelly , his seventh of the series gave the home team a commanding 4-1 lead after three .
Jackson fought there way back when Marty Herum swatted an RBI-double , and Jamie Westbrook a solo-shot to left , his second of the year against the Butter and Blue to make it 4-3 . Montgomery tacked on one in the bottom half , thanks to another double from Grant Kay , his 34th of the season , which makes him one shy of the all-time record 35 doubles Chris Nowak recorded in 2008 . With a runner on , after Dalton Kelly grounded out , Justin Williams came up and also grounded out , but in the process allowed Grant Kay to score to give Montgomery a 5-3 lead , and then Darnell ran into some trouble .
After shortstop Galli Cribbs grounded out to begin the seventh , Darnell issued three-straight hits to the Generals and it looked as if Montgomery might blow it . Emilio Bonifacio started the one out rally with a double before scoring on an RBI-single from Victor Reyes that made it 5-4 . Kevin Cron singled to center to put two runners on with only one out and that is where Cade Got ta became the Hero .
With runners on first and third and just one out , Michael Perez scorched a line drive to Cade Got ta in right center field that was deep enough to score the game tying run , but that chance was quickly erased thanks to a beautiful play by the Biscuits right fielder . Got ta single handily kept the Biscuits in front thanks to a beautiful catch and laser throw home that was right on point to his catcher Brett Sullivan , allowing him to apply the tag for the out and pick off Victor Reyes for an inning ending 9-2 double play that maintained their 5-4 lead and the Biscuits never looked back .
In the eighth , the Biscuits put it away for good , scoring three runs , thanks to a Double from Dalton Kelly , who then scored on a throwing error by Generals center fielder Bonifacio . Nathan Lukes then added to it with a RBI single and Michael Russell hit a sac fly to give Montgomery a commanding 9-4 advantage .
Kyle Winkler entered in the ninth and retired three batters on just 11 pitches to secure another win for the Butter and Blue over Jackson . The Biscuits have now won 14 of their last 20 and will look to sweep Jackson in a five-game series for the first time ever when Jose Mujica ( 10-8 ) dukes it out with Joel Payamps ( 6-5 ) on Monday night at 7:05 PM CT .
Emma Thompson has admitted she still has dreams of being a “ rock and roll chick ” and wants to hold on to those ambitions .
The British actress , who will next be seen starring opposite Dustin Hoffman , Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller in Noah Baumbach 's Netflix films The Meyerowitz Stories ( New And Selected ) , said she still has ideas about herself that she has not let go of .
Arriving at the premiere of the movie at the BFI London Film Festival , in which her character says ‘ We all have an idea of ourselves and we want to hold on to that ' , she told the Press Association : “ I want to hold on to being a funky , slightly out there rock and roll chick , not that I ever was that , I just want to hold on to it . ”
“ She 's unique… She 's so involved ” – Dustin Hoffman on The Meyerowitz Stories co-star Emma Thompson pic.twitter.com/zyklZeOss0 — BFI ( @ BFI ) October 6 , 2017
She continued : “ It is very honest of her and I suppose she 's sobered up , that is the thing , because she was and is an alcoholic , she is a person who has got serious issues , but Noah 's writing is so good , because it sounds as though everyone is making it up as they go along because it 's so particular and it 's not .
“ Everyone had to learn it absolutely religiously and that is what makes him such a specific and clever auteur .
She added : “ I can relate to drinking too much and having difficulty negotiating different parts of your house , I can relate to that .
“ I loved playing someone who just constantly made really dreadful food for everyone but really pushed the boat out and tried terrible obscure fowl and left the beaks on . ”
In the film she plays the alcoholic third wife of Hoffman 's patriarch , while Stiller and Sandler play his sons , and she said : “ I did enjoy her very much because she was a foreigner . You know I felt very foreign , I am very foreign in America , which is the way I like it , so I was playing an outsider .
“ I was very honoured to be part of what is , after all , a very American piece . I do n't make films in America very much , although through choice , but I really could n't resist this one . ”
Actress Emma Thompson , left , poses with her daughter Gaia Romilly Wise , for photographers upon arrival at the premiere of the film The Meyerowitz Stories during the London Film Festival ( Vianney Le Caer/AP/PA ) More
The movie marks her third time starring alongside Hoffman , and she said : “ I would walk over broken glass to work with him . ”
Hoffman did not quite return the compliment , saying : “ I would n't walk over broken glass . Ice cream sundaes I would walk over .
“ It 's great to work with her , she 's unique in the sense that she 's the only actor I 've ever worked with who does n't care where the camera is , she turns her back , she 's so involved in the scene .
Sandler added : “ She is a force and as an actress she is incredibly risk-taking and just as a human being she never plays it safe .
“ I 've never seen anybody like Emma , she is a strong , funny , great person and makes everybody feel comfortable , and sharp as hell and tells you what she 's feeling , she 's a 10 . ”
The Meyerowitz Stories ( New And Selected ) will be available on Netflix on October 13 .
PARIS ( AP ) — Henri Michel , who played for France at the World Cup and later coached the team to the semifinals at the 1986 tournament , has died . He was 70 .
France 's Professional Footballers Association wrote on Twitter that Michel died Tuesday morning .
Michel was an accomplished midfielder who played almost his entire career at Nantes and helped the club win three French league titles . He played 58 times for France , including two games at the 1978 World Cup in Argentina .
In 1986 , Michel coached the France team to the semifinals in Mexico . The team included his former teammates Michel Platini , Patrick Battiston and Dominique Rocheteau . France lost to West Germany , and then beat Belgium in the third-place game .
Michel later coached several African national teams , including the Ivory Coast at the 2006 World Cup .
Pyeongchang 2018 have unveiled the Winter Patalympic Games medals to mark 88 days until the Opening Ceremony .
The medals use the Korean Hangeul alphabet to engrave the consonants of “ Pyeongchang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games '' around the edge .
They also feature the Paralympic Agitos logo on the front , while the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Paralympics logo and the name of the specific sport on the back .
The medals , which are 92.5 milimetres in diameter and 9.42mm in width , also include traditional South Korean patterns such as clouds , mountains , wind and wood engraved on the reverse .
It is claimed this symbolises the `` beautiful nature '' of Pyeongchang and Gangwon Province .
The Organising Committee claim the medals , designed by Lee Suk-woo , are based around the design principles of those which will be won during the Winter Olympics .
`` The Paralympic Winter Games medals for PyeongChang 2018 are a symbol of equality , creativity , culture and passion , '' Pyeongchang 2018 President Lee Hee-beom .
`` The work that has gone into the design and manufacturing of the medals has been world class and we are all looking forward to the moment that the first medal will be awarded to the world 's best Paralympic athletes next year . ”
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year 's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars .
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $ 18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017 , outflanking the Liberals by nearly $ 5 million .
That 's compared with $ 18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016 .
For their part , the Liberals raised $ 13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors , compared with $ 17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year .
Finnegan makes light of Dublin ladies holiday controversy 06 October 2017
Dublin 's Sinead Finnegan .
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne . Dublin 's Sinead Finnegan.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne .
Sinead Finnegan does n't have a problem with the fact that the Dublin ladies football team have to fundraise for a team holiday .
Many viewers of the The Ray D'Arcy Show on RTE1 last Saturday night were surprised to hear Finnegan 's team-mate Fiona Hudson explain that the newly-crowned All-Ireland champions would have to raise funds themselves for a team getaway . This is in contrast to the men 's team who receive a grant from Croke Park to offset the cost of such a trip .
“ In terms of holiday and fundraising , I 'm pretty sure the guys have to fund-raise for their holidays as well , ” Finnegan said at an AIG Insurance event yesterday .
“ Obviously we would n't have as much access to funds as they would , but I 'm pretty sure with the guys we have behind us that they 'll do a sterling job in trying to generate a few funds for a holiday . Whether that be to Barbados or whether that be to Dingle , we do n't care .
“ We 'll be happy to go down the country and have a holiday . If we do get a holiday , that would be great , but that 's not really the sole focus . ”
LAGUNA BEACH – Committed , trustworthy and dedicated . These were some of the words used to describe former mayor Steve Dicterow during the Woman 's Club of Laguna Beach 's 20th annual outgoing mayor 's luncheon Friday .
Dicterow , 62 , who has served as mayor for four terms , was honored for his most recent term from December 2015 to December . He is serving his fifth term on the City Council after being re-elected in November .
Dicterow , who in October was accused of “ lack of transparency ” and “ conflicts of interest ” for not being transparent with his financial disclosures in his bid for a fifth council term , spoke of the importance of civility in political campaigns . In October , he called the accusations “ vicious and personal ” and meant to ruin his reputation .
Dicterow on Friday called on the community to make the political arena more civil – warning that if people continue personal attacks , it may limit the number of people who run for local government . Dicterow received a standing ovation from the gathering of about 100 people .
“ There was a lot of love in that room , ” said Anne McGraw , treasurer of the Woman 's Club . “ What he went through in that election was hard . The people were here to support him . ”
Others from the community , like Leslie Lebon , an architect and Dicterow 's campaign manager , spoke of his efforts to learn what residents most cared about . Lebon spoke about Dicterow going door-to-door in the community and listening to residents ' opinions .
Norm Grossman , a former planning commissioner , spoke of Dicterow 's willingness to hear all sides of an argument , even those that did n't match his own opinion .
Cheryl Kinsman , who was elected mayor in 2003 and served on the council for eight years , spoke about her first encounter with Dicterow .
Kinsman said she was working at a nonprofit when she met Dicterow , who had applied for for a position at the nonprofit described as “ Secretary for Non-Profit – No Pay . ”
When she arrived at the next board meeting , Dicterow had been hired . After a short time , she said , he decided to run for council .
She advised him to be successful , he would need to knock on every door in town . He did , and was elected to the City Council in 1994 .
“ One of Steve 's greatest attributes is his passion and caring for others and for Laguna , ” said Bill Levin , Dicterow 's law partner . “ Steve also has tremendous charisma and people skills . Everybody loves him . He also has extraordinary analytical skills , solving problems quickly and creatively . He can be tough , but he is also very fair . ”
For Dicterow , local government has always been about creating community . At last week 's City Council meeting , he introduced the idea of creating a botanical garden in Laguna Beach as a way to foster just that . He asked the City Council to agree to form a task force to study its feasibility , location options and maintenance . The vote was unanimous .
“ I grew up in Brooklyn , N.Y. , right across from the Brooklyn Botanical Garden , ” Dicterow said . “ It brought the community together , it was inspirational , it was educational . ”
Dicterow talked about his service on the council .
Q . What are you most proud about serving as mayor last year ?
A . That the council worked so well together even when we did not agree unanimously on some items . I do not take personal credit for that , but I am proud that we maintain civility so well .
Q . What keeps you coming back to the council ?
A. I believe we all have a duty to participate when we live in a democracy . I enjoy serving and hope I do my job well .
Q . What is the most important thing you 've accomplished in Laguna to date ?
A . Getting our focus back on the importance of public safety and having budget surpluses each year .
Q . How much has the town changed since you got involved with city politics ? What 's good about the changes ? What do n't you like ?
A . Because of the constant increase in Orange County 's population and social media , the town is under constant stress from visitors and developers . Our residents are more bothered by visitor traffic than in the past . It is not clear that the numbers are greater , but residents are feeling that it is not their town during parts of the year . Physically , the town is largely the same as 20 years ago , although much needed upgrades and maintenance have occurred .
Contact the writer : 714-796-2254 or eritchie @ scng.com or on Twitter : @ lagunaini
Release Me And I 'll Turn A Pastor – Teenage Student Robber Caught With 3 Guns Cries Out
A teenage robbery suspect , Emmanuel , who was recently arrested by the Police in Lagos shocked detectives when he knelt down , weeping and begging to be set free ; he promised become a pastor . According to Vanguard , The suspect , a student of Government Model Secondary School in Lagos , was paraded by Lagos Police boss , Imohimi Edgal , alongside [ … ]
The post Release Me And I 'll Turn A Pastor – Teenage Student Robber Caught With 3 Guns Cries Out appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) -- The best spots in Taiwan to view the last sunset of 2017 are Guanshan in Pingtung County , Sizhiwan in Kaohsiung City , and Angping District in Tainan City , while the best places to catch a glimpse of the first sunrise of 2018 are Sanxiatai in Taitung County and Kenting 's Longkeng Ecological Reserve in Pingtung County , according to the Central Weather Bureau ( CWB ) .
Cheng Chen-feng ( 鄭振豐 ) , an official with the CWB 's astronomical observatory , told CNA that that the best places to catch the final sunset of 2017 are Pingtung 's Guanshan , Kaohsiung 's Sizhiwan , and Tainan 's Anping District . Sunset at those locations will take place at 5:25 p.m. , while sunset on the outer island of Kinmen will take place at 5:29 p.m. , with the very last place to see the sunset being Taiping Island , where the sun will set at 6:11 p.m. , according to Cheng .
Sunrise at Longkeng Ecological Reserve . ( Image from hengchun-house.gov.tw )
As for the first sunrise of 2018 , the earliest will appear at Dongqing on Taitung 's Orchid Island at 6:33 a.m. , while the sun will rise one minute later at 6:34 on Taitung 's Green Island . As for the best spots to view the sunrise on Taiwan proper , Cheng said the sun will rise at 6:35 a.m. at Longkeng Ecological Reserve in Pingtung 's Kenting and at Sanxiatai in Taitung .
Other popular spots in Taiwan to catch the first light of the new year inlcude Sandiaojiao in New Taipei City , Suao in Yilan , and Chungte in Hualien , where the sun will rise at 6:37 a.m. One minute earlier , at 6:36 a.m. , the first sunrise of 2018 can be seen at Fugang and Taimali in Taitung .
Tickets : atlantictheater.org
Photo
Kings
Sarah Burgess 's “ Dry Powder , ” seen at the Public Theater in 2016 , was a Cinderella story — not in its subject ( private equity ) but in its path to the stage . Ms. Burgess 's first produced play , it was basically picked out of the slush pile and supplied with stars ( Claire Danes , John Krasinski , Hank Azaria ) and a name director ( Thomas Kail , fresh off “ Hamilton ” ) .
Her follow-up , also at the Public , shifts subjects ( perhaps only slightly ) to politics , focusing on a lobbyist ( Gillian Jacobs , of “ Community ” ) and a candidate ( Eisa Davis , herself a playwright ) who may be less incorruptible than she seems . Mr. Kail again directs .
Tickets : publictheater.org
Photo
Relevance
I 'd follow Jayne Houdyshell anywhere — and have , from “ Well ” to “ The Humans ” ( for which she won a Tony Award ) to “ A Doll 's House , Part 2. ” Now this actress is starring in a new play by J C Lee , in which she portrays Theresa Hanneck , a second-wave feminist lion along the lines of Gloria Steinem . Before you can say “ third wave , ” Theresa finds herself on the wrong end of a viral argument with an intersectional cultural critic played by Pascale Armand , of “ Eclipsed . ”
It 's a daring subject for a male author to take on , but Mr. Lee is interested in intersectionality himself ; his play “ Luce , ” seen at Lincoln Center Theater in 2013 , considered the crosscurrents of transracial adoption . Liesl Tommy , who staged “ Eclipsed , ” directs .
Tickets : mcctheater.org
Photo
The Amateurs
Though it had a very intricate sci-fi premise , Jordan Harrison 's “ Marjorie Prime , ” which opened at Playwrights Horizons in 2015 , was one of the most vividly emotional plays I 've seen . The movie version , starring Lois Smith and Jon Hamm , was also well received .
So I 'm tantalized by the description of Mr. Harrison 's follow-up , a comedy set among a troupe of medieval actors traipsing from city to city , a step ahead of the plague . Oliver Butler directs a terrific ensemble cast , including the invaluable Quincy Tyler Bernstine and Thomas Jay Ryan .
Tickets : vineyardtheatre.org
Photo
Jerry Springer — The Opera
It has taken 15 years for one of the most heralded works of 21st-century musical theater to travel from Stamford , Conn. , to a serious run in New York . Stamford is where “ The Jerry Springer Show ” — a lowest-common-denominator TV grudge match — tapes , and New York is where the show written about it , by Richard Thomas and Stewart Lee , was always meant to go .
But after a spectacular premiere in London in 2003 , and a two-night concert staging at Carnegie Hall in 2008 , it somehow never made the logical final step . Until now . No word yet on whether the New Group 's production , directed by John Rando and starring Terrence Mann as Springer , and Will Swenson as Satan , will involve the audience in wig-pulling fights , but it 's in a very small theater .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Tickets : thenewgroup.org
Nikon Monarch 2.5-10x42 Does not have side focus . Nikoplex reticle ( crosshair ) .
$ 225 TYD OBO
Thanks
Johnny __________________
Member 7MM STW Club
By SYLVIE CORBET and ANGELA CHARLTON
Associated Press
PARIS ( AP ) - French President Emmanuel Macron warned against trade wars in an impassioned speech about international cooperation Wednesday , two days before the Trump administration decides whether to hit Europe with punishing new tariffs .
Top European officials are holding last-ditch talks with the U.S. commerce and trade chiefs on steel and aluminum tariffs that the U.S. plans to enact from Friday .
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war - a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
`` Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , '' Macron said in a speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
In a clear reference to U.S. President Donald Trump , he added : `` These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term ... One can think about making voters happy by saying : I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ''
But he said that those `` who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ''
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
With the tariffs looming Friday , U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer were meeting Wednesday and Thursday in Paris with EU , French and German officials .
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs , the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security .
EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom , ahead of her meetings with Ross and Lighthizer , tweeted that `` the EU wants to be fully excluded from these tariffs and rather engage in a positive transatlantic trade agenda . ''
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
`` There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , '' he said . He noted that `` China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ''
Speaking on a panel on international cooperation , Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
`` We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , '' he said .
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs , the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice , peanut butter and other goods in return .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying `` the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence '' and tariffs `` would negatively influence investment and jobs . ''
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes . After a first-quarter slowdown , the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 percent , with 3.9 percent expected next year .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Stay connected : The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news , highlights , scores , standings , and analysis all for FREE . Download for iOS ( Apple ) or Download for Android
Middle Belt youths dissociate region from Igbo quit notice
By Nkiruka Nnorom
Middle belt youths have condemned the recent quit notice issued Igbo living in the North by Arewa Youth Consultative Forum , saying Igbo , just like other Nigerians , have the right to live in any part of the country .
The youths , acting on the platform of All Middle Belt Youth Forum , AMBYF , said in a statement by the National Leader , Mr. Aluh Moses , and the National Secretary , Mr. Andzayi Jonathan , that the entire Middle Belt region was not part of the act .
According to the statement , “ we condemn , in very strong terms , the so-called Kaduna Declaration by northern youths ' coalition in its entirety , as it is a deliberate act of driving wedge between northerners and easterners .
“ That the Middle Belt region is not part of the northern region . Hence , the Middle Belt Youth Forum distances itself and the entire Middle Belt region from such obnoxious declaration . ”
They urged the northern youths to retract the declaration in the interest of peace and security .
The post Middle Belt youths dissociate region from Igbo quit notice appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DENVER — The Colorado Rockies selected the contract of right-hander Brooks Pounders from Triple-A Albuquerque .
The 27-year-old Pounders will be available Tuesday night when the Rockies host the San Diego Padres . Pounders made seven relief appearances for Albuquerque this season with four walks , nine strikeouts and a 3.60 ERA . He signed a minor league contract with the Rockies last December .
A California native , Pounders appeared in the majors last season with the Los Angeles Angels . He was originally a second-round pick by Pittsburgh in 2009 .
In other moves , righty Scott Oberg was optioned to Albuquerque and righty Zach Jemiola was designated for assignment .
I 'm always impressed when kids find a calling or a passion at a young age . Seeking out this year 's Whiz Kids for the March issue of OC Family magazine , I was once again delighted and surprised by all of the interesting things kids are doing right here in Orange County . One young Girl Scout , Alicia Serratos , actively campaigned to have genetically modified organisms removed from Girl Scout cookies , and her persistence paid off . The organization recently announced the launch of its first non-GMO cookie .
Eleven-year-old Carson Knopfl designed a skateboard that can fit into a school locker and is now selling different versions online .
Isabela Kimmel , 17 , created a sustainable library with thousands of books and school supplies for a small indigenous village in Costa Rica .
Sean Oliu of Anaheim discovered a love for playing mariachi music and raised money to form mariachi music programs at two local elementary schools .
I do n't want to give all the juicy details away in this column , but you get the idea : These kids are impressive and passionate about what they do .
Some people never figure out what fuels them , or never feel driven to do one particular thing or support a cause or an artistic endeavor . And I think that 's OK. We ca n't all be as driven and focused as the 10 kids who will be featured in the March issue of the magazine . If we were all like these kids , the world might be on overdrive all of the time , and lots of important jobs would go unattended . I think there is some merit to drifting through life a bit until you find your “ thing. ” If we were all forced to choose our paths at age 12 , it 's likely no one would pick the essential jobs that kids probably do n't think about or notice .
Who , for example , would choose to edit this article as their primary pursuit ? No kid would think to do that , but finding grammatical errors and detecting faulty logic is a very essential job , one that fuels our entire magazine and the news world at large ( or at least it should ) .
Who would design and fix the plumbing and electrical systems in our homes ? Who would figure out trash collection for big corporations ? Who would mow the soccer fields or build the hospitals ?
Growing up , most of us had glamorous notions of what we wanted to do or be as adults . Many of us gave up on those ideas early on , or later when they did n't pan out or we found a profession we had n't known existed when we were kids . Or maybe , a profession found us . Because much of life seems to work that way : People fall into jobs or luck into careers . We do n't always actively choose what we want to do .
I 've been worrying about my son lately , who is 16 and does n't have a lot of direction or drive as far as I can tell . But my mother offered some wise words , telling me that she never really had a specific goal or passion in life either , and she turned out all right .
And she 's right . She did wander into college and career without a lot of direction , but she ended up being such an excellent grade-school teacher that we still meet former students who remember her fondly . She 's retired now , but still helps in local schools each week , and the kids still look forward to seeing her . Her work was important and she affected many lives in a positive way , without setting her mind early on to doing that .
Many of my friends also wandered into careers haphazardly , but now seem quite happy doing what they do . They were n't particularly driven , even in college . They got degrees in topics like history or English , then found jobs that eventually led to bigger , more interesting jobs , or they learned new skills along the way and expanded in a different direction .
I have been passionate about writing since I was young , but I always imagined myself teaching at a college . I did teach for several years , but eventually landed in journalism , a career I never even considered early on but one that I ended up loving . I still write , but the trajectory of my career surprised me .
So while most of us did n't start out as Whiz Kids , we ended up finding our thing eventually . And sometimes the more circuitous route can be just a rewarding as the straight line .
Contact the writer : Heather Skyler is the editor for OC Family magazine . The March `` Whiz Kids '' issue will be on stands at the end of February .
AP Photo/Kevork Djansezian
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Darren Baker got scooped up by dad 's team again .
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday – 15 years after he first made headlines on the baseball diamond .
The younger Baker , now an 18-year-old speedy shortstop at Jesuit High School in California , was just 3 when he was a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants , managed by his father , in the 2002 World Series . During Game 5 against the Angels , Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T . Snow scored – and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home .
Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore .
Darren Baker , who has a commitment to play at the University of California , hit .396 with a .476 on-base percentage as a senior .
The Nationals took two other players with familiar names : Penn right-hander Jake Cousins – cousin of Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins – in the 20th round , and California high school shortstop Jake Boone – son of former All-Star second baseman Bret Boone – in the 38th round .
Cousins was 7-2 with a 3.15 ERA in 11 starts this season for the Quakers , and his 20 career wins rank him third in program history .
“ Congrats to my cousin , Jake , being drafted by the Washington Nationals today ! ” Kirk wrote on Twitter . “ There 's room for another Cousins in DC ! ”
Detroit took Mississippi infielder Colby Bortles , the brother of Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles , in the 22nd round after the infielder hit .269 with a team-leading 10 homers and 42 RBIs .
The three-day draft concluded Wednesday night with 1,215 players selected over 40 rounds , but Oregon State left-hander Luke Heimlich was not among them .
The ace of College World Series-bound OSU asked to be excused from the team last weekend after a story detailing his criminal history was reported by The Oregonian/Oregon Live . He pleaded guilty as a teenager five years ago to molesting a 6-year-old girl , and teams opted to not draft him .
Heimlich , originally projected as a third- or fourth-round pick , was 11-1 with a 0.76 ERA this season .
Several other notable names were selected during the final day of the draft :
-University of Kentucky right-hander Justin Lewis , cousin of Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and former NBA forward/center Chuck Hayes , was taken by Tampa Bay in the 11th round .
-Arizona high school right-hander Cole Bellinger , son of former reliever Clay Bellinger and brother of the Dodgers ' Cody Bellinger , went in the 15th round to San Diego .
-Georgia high school lefty Peyton Glavine , son of Hall of Famer Tom Glavine , was a 37th-round selection of the Angels .
-Seminole State Junior College right-hander/shortstop Gunner Halter , son of former infielder Shane Halter , was drafted in the 22nd round by Toronto .
-UNC Charlotte outfielder Zach Jarrett , son of NASCAR Hall of Fame driver Dale Jarrett , was picked by Baltimore in the 28th round after hitting a career-best .342 with 13 homers and 45 RBIs .
-California high school righty Cole Percival , son of former All-Star closer Troy Percival , was taken in the 31st round by Arizona .
-New York high school third baseman Daniel Alfonzo , son of former infielder Edgardo Alfonzo , was taken by the Mets in the 38th round .
-The Chicago White Sox took right-hander Chance King , the son famed TV newsman Larry King , was taken by the White Sox in the 39th round . The elder King , a longtime Dodgers fan , tweeted : “ One of the greatest thrills of my life was learning my son Chance has been picked by the @ whitesox in the 39th round of the # MLBDraft2017 ! ! ” Chance King played at IMG Academy in Florida and is from Beverly Hills , California
-The White Sox also drafted former Indiana basketball coach Tom Crean 's son Riley in the 35th round . Riley , a right-handed pitcher , is headed to Indiana . He is also Michigan football coach Jim Harbaugh 's nephew .
University of Texas red-shirt sophomore shortstop Kody Clemens , son of Roger Clemens , went undrafted a day after older brother Kacy was taken in the eighth round by Toronto .
The draft began Monday night with Minnesota taking California high school shortstop Royce Lewis with the No . 1 overall pick . The Cubs capped the three days of selections by drafting Lipscomb right-hander Jeffrey Passantino .
—
AP Sports Writer Andrew Seligman in Chicago and AP Freelance Writer Mark Didtler in Tampa , Florida , contributed .
—
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
LOS ANGELES – The question is as difficult to answer as it was for opponents trying to defend some of Magic Johnson 's no-look passes .
Will Johnson ultimately remain a Lakers adviser in matters pertaining to the franchise 's business and basketball operations ? Or will the man who led the Lakers to five NBA championships on the court also be in charge of leading them from above ?
Time will tell , but Johnson made it clear he 's in favor of involving another of the franchise 's iconic former players in some capacity .
“ First call I make if I 'm in charge ? Kobe Bryant , ” Johnson said Tuesday on ESPN 's “ First Take. ” “ Because Kobe understands winning . He understands , also , these players . So I would call , ‘ What role you want ? If you 've got a day , just give me that day . I 'll take that . Whatever time he has , I want him to come and be a part of it . ”
Bryant , who retired last spring after a 20-year career , recently told ESPN Radio he would love to help the Lakers . Bryant also met recently with Lakers president Jeanie Buss , but he has emphasized he would prefer a behind-the-scenes role , if any . Bryant is busy overseeing his company , Kobe . Inc , which has delved into multimedia storytelling .
Lakers coach Luke Walton rolled his eyes when he met inquiries regarding Bryant 's potential involvement both after morning shootaround and before Tuesday 's game against Sacramento at Staples Center .
“ I have not had any thought about it , no , ” Walton said . “ I 'm not saying , ‘ No , I do n't envision it . ' But no , I have not thought about it is my answer . We have a lot going on . ”
Nonetheless , Walton said he has talked to Bryant “ about general basketball things . ”
“ He 's given me advice on ways to work with some of these talented guys , ” said Walton , who played with Bryant from 2003 to 2012 . “ Kobe , his experience as an NBA player is a lot more similar to these guys than mine was as an NBA player . Trying to tap into the best way to communicate or best way to get to him . That 's when I 'll reach out . ”
STRETCH IT OUT
The Lakers ' 10-day , five-game trip left the team fatigued and Walton thinks the upcoming All-Star break can be distracting for some .
So , to break up the monotony and sharpen his players ' focus , Walton took his team to a yoga studio in Hermosa Beach on Sunday .
“ The big part of what we 're trying to teach here is the mindfulness and awareness that comes with his game , ” Walton said . “ It 's not just the physical skill development and strength development , but it 's about challenging yourself mentally and working on that . That 's tough to do . But yoga is a great way of starting that process . ”
Walton has made that part of his routine since spending the previous two seasons as a Golden State assistant under Steve Kerr . Yet , that exercise remains challenging for obvious reasons .
“ It 's 100 degrees in there , ” Walton said , smiling . “ It 's tough . ”
Laker forwards Julius Randle and Brandon Ingram reported feeling the same way . So , Walton challenged his players and staff members not to leave the room .
“ Even if you feel like quitting or do n't like it , lay there and enjoy the silence and the peacefulness that takes place there , ” Walton said . “ Everybody went through the whole class and no one left . I was happy with it . ”
Will Walton schedule more sessions ?
“ I would hope some of the guys who enjoyed it would start taking it upon themselves as far as going in and doing yoga and researching , ” Walton said . “ We 'll definitely continue to use things like that when we feel it 's appropriate . ”
Contact the writer : mmedina @ scng.com
As the grandson of Italian immigrants , I learned to value community for the relationships and support critical to a settling family . The community , and its volunteers , is critical to improving and maintaining quality of life through recreational , educational , or support services .
As a candidate for reelection to the Town Council , District 1 , my focus will continue to be to strengthen community through policies and practices that encourage public participation . I believe an engaged Trumbull is a better place .
Trumbull Little League , Tashua Knolls Recreation Area , Beach Memorial Park , and the Nichols Improvement Association were established by a generation of volunteers committed to Trumbull and its future . Inspired by this , I made the initial steps into community service as a school volunteer and parent coach . Then , in 2012 , I was elected to the Executive Board of the Nichols Improvement Association ( NIA ) , an organization that once served as the town 's community center and hosted the first Trumbull Day .
As president , I helped increase membership and successfully managed a variety of capital improvement projects through the recruitment of dedicated volunteers . As a Town Councilman , elected in 2015 , I increased my constituents ' awareness of important meetings and pending legislation via my District 1 Facebook page . I responded to every letter from the public and voted guided by community input .
If reelected , I will continue to honor history , respond to community , and work cooperatively with fellow council members to respect the role of community in shaping Trumbull 's future . Vote for me , Bill Mecca , for Town Council , District 1 on November 7 .
The Ontario University Athletics ( OUA ) figure skating and men 's fencing seasons wrap up this week with championships for both sports taking place in Niagara .
Final day of the two-day figure skating championship goes today from 8 a.m. until 3:50 p.m. at Gale Centre in Niagara Falls . Tickets are $ 5 at the door while children , youth and Brock students get in free .
The host Brock Badgers hope the home crowd can help lift them to a podium finish this week . Earlier this season , at the Queen 's Invitational in Kingston , the Badgers finished second overall thanks to three gold medal-winning performances : Katie Desveaux , North York ; won gold in the open solo dance , while Sydney Vanderveen , Belleville ; finished first in the novice short program .
Desveaux also combined with Laura Holbrough , Ilderton , to capture gold in the open short dance .
The Badgers are coming off a third-place finish at the OUA Winter Invitational , where just three points separated them from the gold medal-winning Varsity Blues . Desveaux and Vanderveen both won gold in their events , while Lauren Collins , Minesing ; and Kristen Dortono , Niagara-on-the-Lake ; finished first in the senior silver similar dance event .
En garde !
On Saturday and Sunday , the men 's fencing OUA Championships will be held in Ian Beddis Gymnasium at Brock University . The Brock men will be led by Logan Wilford , Ajax ; and Malcolm McLeod , Beamsville ; who both medalled earlier this season .
Swept away to Oshawa
Both the Brock Badgers men 's and women 's varsity curling teams are off to OUA championships running Thursday until Monday in Oshawa . The championships are being hosted by University of Ontario Institute of Technology .
The Brock men 's team rink won the Brock Invitation tournament at St. Catharines Curling Club Jan. 21-22 .
Hockey playoffs open
In men 's hockey , the Badgers head to Guelph on Thursday night to play the Gryphons in Game 1 of their best-of-three first-round playoff series .
A fan bus is headed to the away game to cheer on the Brock squad .
Game 2 is back in St. Catharines at Seymour-Hannah Arena Saturday at 7:15 p.m . If necessary , Game 3 is back in Guelph Sunday night .
The women 's hockey playoff picture is yet to be determined with Brock playing at Queen 's Friday at noon and at University of Toronto Saturday at 7 p.m. in the final two regular season games of the year .
V-ball on tap
The regular season in university volleyball is still in full swing .
Next up for the Badgers is a doubleheader on their home court Saturday versus the McMaster Marauders .
Action at Bob Davis Gymnasium gets underway 6 p.m. with the women 's game . The men take the floor about two hours later .
By MEGHAN HOYER and CALVIN WOODWARD
ALEXANDRIA , Va. — First came the ping of bats , a familiar sound of the leafy neighborhood 's morning . Then the crack of gunfire , which is n't .
It started with a single pop , which for a split second was not alarming to the Republican members of Congress who had gathered for a final practice before a charity baseball game with Democrats this week . As one lawmaker would later note , it could have been a car backfiring .
Then , after a pause , the gunshots came in quick succession and the horror unfolded in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria , home to many federal workers , lawyers and lobbyists who commute across the river to Washington .
A congressman , two Capitol police officers , a lobbyist and a legislative aide were wounded as lawmakers , some fighting back tears , sought to understand what had happened and why . In a hail of bullets , police killed the gunman .
“ You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq , ” said Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup , an Army reservist who served as a combat surgeon in Iraq and was on the field Wednesday when the shooting began . “ But this morning it did . ”
They had gathered on this muggy morning , trading suits and ties for sneakers and baseball caps , to practice for Thursday 's annual left-right match-up , a friendly Democratic-Republican rivalry for charity in a capital otherwise poisonous in its partisanship . Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks had bicycled nine miles to make the 6:30 a.m. start .
The baseball park , home to the T.C . Williams High School Titans , sits in a lively part of Alexandria . On weekdays , locals head off to work and school . People come and go at the nearby YMCA . Homeowners stroll the sidewalks , walking their dogs .
So it hardly seemed unusual when a man approached Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina in the baseball field parking lot .
His question was pointed : “ ‘ Excuse me sir , who 's practicing today ? Democrats or Republicans ? ' ” Duncan recalled . “ And I said it 's the Republican team . He said , ‘ OK , thanks ' and turned around. ” Duncan then left , saying later , “ It was the guy they 've identified as the shooter . ”
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico was taking swings in the batting cage along the first base side when he noticed a bystander near the third base dugout . Within seconds , as Pearce left the batting cage and headed toward the dugout , the shooting started . “ I saw the shooter clearly with his rifle , aimed and shooting around one corner of a building , ” he said in a video statement .
Chaos ensued . Lawmakers dove for cover . Gravel bounced as shots hit the ground .
From inside Swing 's coffee shop directly across from the field , manager Jon “ Scott ” Mosel described the popping of gunfire . “ Then a wave of players frantically running . It was absolutely frantic . We did n't know if they were being chased. ” The players ran from the first base side of the field across a basketball court and either jumped a fence into a nearby dog park or ran up the hill and crossed the street toward the coffee shop , he said .
Brooks hit the ground with a few others behind the batting cage , but quickly realized that did n't provide much cover . The gunman was n't spraying bullets but rather taking aim , so there was a “ little bit of time between shots . ”
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , the third-ranking Republican in the House , was fielding balls on second base when a gunshot crumpled him , Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said . The 51-year-old Scalise , serving his fifth congressional term , dragged himself 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to try to get away , Flake said , leaving a bloody trail .
Marty LaVor , a retired Capitol Hill worker , was taking pictures by first base when he saw a man holding a rifle behind a chain-link fence by third base . LaVor saw Scalise go down , then a Capitol police officer .
“ Almost within an instant , and I do n't remember the time , somebody saidm ‘ Get in the dugout . ' And they said it with such authority . You remember when you were a kid , and your parents said something ? This was that sound . ”
LaVor got in the dugout .
The 911 call went out at 7:09 a.m. To those in the line of fire , it seemed an eternity before city police arrived , but in reality it took just three minutes . Brooks said the Capitol officers were armed only with pistols , and “ taking on a guy with a rifle from 90-120 feet away . It was n't a fair fight . ”
When Capitol police began firing , Brooks said , they were so close that he initially feared a second shooter was involved . Congress members helped apply a tourniquet to the injured leg of Zachary Barth , legislative correspondent for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas , as the shooting continued . Scalise , too , was attended to by his colleagues on the field .
Katie Filous , an attorney who was walking her dogs near the field , dropped to the ground when she heard “ a lot of shots. ” A uniformed officer got out of a car , drew a handgun and shouted something to the assailant , she said . She saw the officer get hit with a bullet , and later evacuated by helicopter .
Three hours after the attack , Brooks still wore a batting glove , with dirt from lying face first in the dugout still smeared across his navy blue T-shirt , as he and other lawmakers at the scene described the attack to the AP .
Falisa Peoples , who teaches an exercise class at the YMCA , was walking to her car when she saw a man in shorts and a T-shirt firing . She thought , at first , it was a drill or a paintball game .
“ He was very calm , ” she said . “ He was just walking and shooting as if it was just like he was practicing. ” She recalled no other noise until she heard a police officer command , “ Get down ! ” Peoples dropped her belongings and ran back to the Y , banging on the side door until someone let her in .
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee passed the shooter on his way into the dugout to hide . “ He decided not to shoot me , ” he would later tell CNN . “ The fear factor was horrific . There was blood all over , it was horrible. ” He said if the gunman had come after them in the dugout , “ we would have been sitting ducks . ”
It was over in a matter of minutes . Members of Congress credited the Capitol police officers with shooting the gunman , though authorities did not immediately confirm who shot him . He died in the hospital .
Scalise underwent surgery for a wound to the hip , and was in critical condition . Matt Mika , the lobbyist and a former congressional aide , was also in critical condition , with multiple wounds . Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police , as well as Barth , were expected to recover fully .
The attacker was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois . Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on the Senate floor that Hodgkinson apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year . Police are investigating the attacker 's motive , his associates and his social media posts .
Hours later , surrounded by crime scene tape , the field was still set for batting practice . A mobile backstop curved behind home plate , near metal bats . A crate full of baseballs sat near the pitcher 's mound , and balls were scattered on the field among medical bags and supplies . Behind first base , next to a large medical bag , sat a single baseball shoe .
Off the field on the first base side , a medical gurney .
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day , Matthew Barakat , Kevin Freking , Michael Biesecker , Ben Finley and Erica Werner contributed to this report . Woodward reported from Washington .
( AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein ) . Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrives for a press conference after the closing session of China 's National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Andy Wong ) . Chinese President Xi Jinping , center , is followed by Premier Li Keqiang and leaders as they arrive for the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , Tuesday , March 2 ...
( AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein ) . Chinese Premier Li Keqiang speaks during a press conference after the closing session of China 's National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Ng Han Guan ) . Chinese Premier Li Keqiang applauds during the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 .
By JOE McDONALD
AP Business Writer
BEIJING ( AP ) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to `` act rationally '' and avoid disrupting trade over steel , technology and other disputes , promising that Beijing will `` open even wider '' to imports and investment .
`` No one will emerge a winner from a trade war , '' said Li , the No . 2 Chinese leader , at a news conference held during the meeting of China 's ceremonial legislature .
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing , but other officials say President Xi Jinping 's government is ready to act .
Trump 's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology , which might lead to trade penalties . That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation .
`` What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions , '' said Li . `` We do n't want to see a trade war . ''
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will `` resolutely defend '' its interests . He gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners , soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market .
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage , the premier said its investments are based on market principles and `` China will remain a responsible long-term investor . ''
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi 's government tries to make its cooling , state-dominated economy more productive . He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition .
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China 's new jobs and wealth .
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly , but hope Xi , who took power in 2012 , might accelerate changes after focusing during his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China 's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s .
`` If there is one thing that will be different from the past , that will be that China will open even wider , '' said Li .
Beijing plans to `` further bring down overall tariffs , '' with `` zero tariffs for drugs , especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs , '' the premier said .
Li repeated a promise he made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to `` fully open the manufacturing sector '' to foreign competitors .
`` We will also fully open the manufacturing sector , '' the premier said . `` There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected . ''
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners , which requires them to give technology to potential competitors .
In a sign of Li 's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power , the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials , in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference .
They included Liu He , a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform . Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event .
The premier traditionally is China 's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles .
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles .
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles . ( Source : KNXV/CNN )
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles . ( Source : KNXV/CNN )
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian . ( Source : KNXV/CNN )
By FELICIA FONSECA
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. ( AP ) - A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle , prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada .
Depending on who is found to be at fault , the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles , which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers .
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit , police said . The woman , identified as Elaine Herzberg , 49 , died at a hospital .
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles , citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2017 alone , 33 states introduced legislation .
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase . As of early March , the agency received 59 such reports .
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Transportation Elaine Chao .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WINNIPEG — The mother of a young woman whose fatal beating was filmed and posted online recalled Tuesday the pain of seeing her daughter 's bloody , swollen face on social media .
`` I dream about her , '' Delores Daniels , Serena McKay 's mother , said as she broke into tears at a Winnipeg sentencing hearing for one of the teens who pleaded guilty in the 19-year-old 's death .
`` I wake up crying and sad that she is not here and wonder what she would have become in life . ''
McKay 's body was found on the Sagkeeng First Nation last April . Two teenage girls , who were 16 and 17 , were arrested .
The older girl , who has since turned 18 but ca n't be named because she was underage when the beating occurred , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in December . Her eyes were filled with tears as she was led into the courtroom in handcuffs as McKay 's family and friends filled the seats .
Crown prosecutor Jennifer Comack said there were 24 victim impact statements from family and friends and more from people who did n't know McKay , including two from people outside Canada .
Judge Rocky Pollack was to decide which could be included in the court record .
McKay 's mother , recalling her beautiful and kind daughter , held an eagle feather as she read her statement .
`` This has been a nightmare to me , '' Daniels told court . `` How can an only daughter be replaced ? ''
Court has previously heard that McKay had been at a house party in the Sagkeeng community when there was an argument about alcohol .
`` Ask Brianna '' is a column from NerdWallet for 20-somethings or anyone else starting out . I 'm here to help you manage your money , find a job and pay off student loans — all the real-world stuff no one taught us how to do in college . Send your questions about postgrad life to askbrianna @ nerdwallet.com .
Ask 10 people for their definition of `` adulthood '' and you 'll get 10 different answers . Maybe it 's getting that first full-time job , buying a house or doing taxes without help — concrete moments that signal maturity and independence .
But financial adulthood , or managing money responsibly , is n't tied to an age or a milestone like starting your first `` real job . '' I knew I was a financial adult when I paid for a plane ticket with money I had saved in a `` Fun Stuff '' account . I 've never been more excited to Venmo someone ( my sister , who booked our tickets ) directly from my bank rather than rely on my credit card .
You 're a financial adult when you save regularly , spend mindfully , face reality and know when to ask for help . If you 're graduating from college this spring , build these habits now .
SAVE PROACTIVELY
Saving even a little bit every month is the single most adult financial move you can make .
Money is a way to get what you want : security and freedom . When you save a portion of the income left over after covering your fixed expenses , you 're preparing proactively for the future .
If the idea of sending this money to an `` emergency fund '' makes you completely tune out , just think of it as cash that 's there when you need it . You 'll be covered if you lose a job , but you 'll also have options if you decide to make a lifestyle change , like moving to a new place .
SPEND THOUGHTFULLY
Getting a full-time job with a $ 50,000 salary after being a college student who ate pizza four times a week can be a shock . But hit the pause button before you make a big purchase , says Therese Nicklas , a certified financial planner in Rockland , Massachusetts . Make sure it will truly bring you joy , and that spending is n't a way to get your mind off something else or compete with friends .
Take a look at your take-home salary and follow the 50/30/20 rule . That 's half your pay for necessities like shelter , 20 percent for saving and debt payoff , and 30 percent for your wants . The adult part ? Giving up your wants if your necessities or debts demand it .
`` You can have all the things you want , just not all at the same time , '' says Kailie Abascal , a certified financial planner in Vancouver , Washington .
NEVER FLINCH FROM REALITY
Financial adults do n't cower at the sight of their bank account balance , even if it 's smaller than they 'd like . Frankly assessing your personal financial picture will make it easier to manage .
If you have student loans , figure out what you 'll have to pay toward them after graduation . Use a student loan calculator to see your monthly payment , and budget around that . Create an online account with your student loan servicer and look up your interest rates . Know that if you put your payments on hold — to go to grad school , or if you 're unemployed — interest will accrue and your balance will grow , unless you have subsidized federal loans .
If you save for retirement in an employer-sponsored account , find out the vesting schedule , or the amount of time you must work there before any money your employer contributes becomes yours , Abascal says . You 'll have a clearer understanding of how much you 've really saved if you end up leaving after a year or two .
KNOW WHEN TO ASK FOR HELP
No one expects you to figure everything out right now . Your income , expenses and goals will change many times in your life .
But you should feel empowered to get advice , from the right sources , when you need it . Even your parents may not be the best resource if , for instance , you earn more than they do and they have n't had experience handling the salary you 're getting , Nicklas says .
Have the courage to talk to human resources at work if you do n't understand your 401 ( k ) investment options . Consider asking a certified financial planner for a free 30-minute consultation so you can set personalized saving and spending goals . There are few things more adult than admitting what you do n't know without judging yourself for it .
___________________________
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet . Brianna McGurran is a writer at NerdWallet . Email : bmcgurran @ nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @ briannamcscribe .
RELATED LINKS
Nerdwallet : Student loan calculator
https : //nerd.me/calculate-student-loans
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner says it is investigating whether any personal information of Australians was disclosed to Cambridge Analytica without authorisation .
The data analytics company , which provided voter-profiling services to US President Donald Trump 's election campaign , has come under scrutiny after allegations that it gained access to some the data of some 50 million Facebook users without proper authorisation .
An investigation by the New York Times and The Observer revealed that the firm had acquired the data from researcher Aleksandr Kogan . Facebook said that Kogan claimed to have been collecting the data for academic purposes .
“ I am aware of the reports that users ' Facebook profile information was acquired and used without authorisation , ” a statement issued by Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim said .
“ My Office is making inquiries with Facebook to ascertain whether any personal information of Australians was involved . ”
“ I will consider Facebook 's response and whether any further regulatory action is required , ” Pilgrim said .
“ The Privacy Act 1988 confers a range of privacy regulatory powers which include powers to investigate an alleged interference with privacy and enforcement powers ranging from less serious to more serious regulatory action , including powers to accept an enforceable undertaking , make a determination , or apply to the court for a civil penalty order for a breach of a civil penalty provision . ”
Cambridge Analytica said that in 2014 it contracted Global Science Research , led by Kogan , to obtain Facebook data .
“ This company ... was contractually committed by us to only obtain data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act and to seek the informed consent of each respondent , ” the Cambridge Analytica said .
The company said that when it “ became clear that the data had not been obtained by GSR in line with Facebook 's terms of service , ” Cambridge Analytica deleted the data it had received from GSR .
Facebook has retained digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to conduct an audit of Cambridge Analytica 's systems .
“ This is part of a comprehensive internal and external review that we are conducting to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists , ” a statement issued by Facebook said .
Facebook later revealed that it had suspended its audit at the request of the UK Information Commissioner 's Office .
The UK ICO is conducting its own investigation .
“ We are investigating the circumstances in which Facebook data may have been illegally acquired and used , ” UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said .
“ It 's part of our ongoing investigation into the use of data analytics for political purposes which was launched to consider how political parties and campaigns , data analytics companies and social media platforms in the UK are using and analysing people 's personal information to micro target voters . ”
Denham said the investigation would include the acquisition and use of Facebook data by Kogan , Cambridge Analytica and its parent company , SCL Group .
“ This is a complex and far reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously , ” Denham said .
Four people were wounded on Monday morning when a pipe bomb exploded in a pedestrian tunnel below the New York Port Authority bus terminal .
One of them is the suspected bomber , who was arrested by police . The lives of the other three were not in danger according to rescue officials .
The primary is over and now the campaign for Governor begins in earnest . Ed Gillespie is the Republican nominee ; he will battle the current Democratic Lt . Governor – Ralph Northam – in November . Appearing live on WFIR this morning political analyst Bob Denton says this election will also be about President Trump . You can hear the complete interview with Denton about yesterday 's primary on the WFIR below :
6-14 Bob Denton Primary Wrap Up-WEB
What does Heroes on the Water mean ?
By Tim Stouder
“ We are Heroes on the Water ” , seems to be the phrase for the year . Many of our readers are unaware of what and who we are . As we are putting the final pieces in place for our Veterans Day Event this November 11 we are simple folks trying to help some “ Heroes ” .
Many times we meet new people at our events . These people are special in one way or another and they are true HEROES . We have manned booths at boat shows , attended club meetings and provided literature , and just talked to folks at the boat ramps where we have our events . At these types of events/places it is just amazing the number of people that have no idea who we are and what we do .
As a member of the Northeast Florida HOW leadership team it takes a lot to plan and organize our monthly events . It is the smiles and new people that we meet each month that keeps us going . HOW is a place where veterans of all armed services come together and not feel alone . It is this feeling that they have someone they can relate to that keeps them coming back . Many times we hear that these events are more therapeutic than an office or class visit .
The following excerpts are from a letter we received anonymously from one of our Veterans . This truly depicts what many veterans are going through and the struggles they have finding their place back in society .
“ Whether a veteran of the United States Armed Forces served in wartime or peacetime , overseas , or solely in the United States , one never knows by looking at her what she 's been through . ”
“ For decades after leaving the military I continued to be timid . I let people walk all over me . I was always worried , scared to trust anyone or to share my own opinions or feelings . I was insecure about every decision I made . I was frightened of my own shadow . ”
“ I have grown stronger , more confident , less critical of myself , and better able to form lasting relationships where I 'm able to express my feelings without fear . ”
“ How in the world does paddle the water and catching fish in a kayak do all of that for a person ? I do n't really know for sure , but I am pretty sure it 's not JUST the kayak , the water , the fishing gear , and the fish . I have never been part of something as profound as HOW , and the people who volunteer their times to this great organization ”
Read the full article at http : //heroesonthewater.org/thank-you-heroes-on-the-water-you-have-changed-my-soul/
The beginning of this article I stated , “ We are Heroes on the Water ” . This word ‘ Heroes ' means something a little different to everyone . There is no doubt in my mind that anyone who has ever served or is serving now is truly a hero . On the flip side there every day ordinary people who are also heroes . Every person has someone out there that will always be their hero . We have volunteers who are “ heroes ” just for showing up each month and helping our Veterans out .
So to each person that comes to our event , or volunteer just trying to do their part , Heroes on the Water means something to everyone . It is this special meaning that allows us to keep going and giving back .
About Heroes on the Water
Heroes on The Water is a non-profit organization that helps injured service members with their physical and mental recovery using the therapeutic qualities of fishing from kayaks . Every HOW event across the country brings together wounded military personnel for guided kayak fishing excursions . Founded in 2007 , HOW has served more than 25,000 Veterans . The service is provided to the Veterans for free . HOW is a non-profit organization under IRS Code Chapter 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) . Donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law . Visit www.HeroesOnTheWater.org
If you are a Veteran , know of one that would like to participate , or if you are interested in volunteering or any other questions please contact Coordinator Tim Stouder at NortheastFlorida @ HeroesOnTheWater.org .
If you would like to follow us on Facebook or make a donation to Heroes on the Water , you can do so at https : //www.facebook.com/HeroesOnTheWaterNortheastFloridaChapter .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the `` activate now '' button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — When President Donald Trump spoke to the National Prayer Breakfast this month , he underscored his vow to defend the religious rights of the conservative Christians who helped propel him to power .
Now , they expect the Justice Department under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of what they see as that religious freedom .
It would be a welcome change for conservative Christians who say their concerns were marginalized under the Obama administration in favor of First Amendment and LGBT issues .
Exactly how Sessions will approach the issue remains to be seen , but he has given them plenty of reasons to be hopeful .
As a Republican senator from Alabama , Sessions , a devout Methodist , argued that the separation of church and state is unconstitutional , and that the First Amendment 's bar on an establishment of religion has been interpreted too strictly , while its right to free exercise of religion has been diminished .
Asked at his confirmation hearing whether a `` secular person '' has `` just as good a claim to understanding the truth as a person who is religious , '' Sessions replied , `` Well . I 'm not sure . ''
That backdrop suggests Sessions ' Justice Department could more eagerly insert itself into religion-oriented cases such as that of the bakery fined for refusing to make a gay wedding cake , or the high-school football coach fired for praying on the field after games , who Trump repeatedly mentioned during his campaign .
`` Religious conservatives have sort of been the forgotten people , '' said Hiram Sasser , deputy chief counsel for First Liberty Institute , a law firm that specializes in issues of religious liberty . `` Now , we have a refreshing sort of reboot to be able to have at least a voice , and to be able to once again have a seat at the table . ''
Sessions could bring major changes throughout the Justice Department . But the department 's civil rights division traditionally is subject to the most radical shift in agendas with each change in presidential administration . Where the Obama Justice Department wanted to leave its mark on reforming troubled police departments , Sessions will likely use its resources differently .
On his first full day on the job , Sessions signaled a shift away from Obama priorities when the Justice Department changed its legal position in a case involving transgender rights . The department is no longer asking a judge to limit an injunction restricting the federal government from telling schools that students should be able to use bathrooms and locker rooms corresponding to their gender identity .
Transgender rights were a focus of the department under former Attorney General Loretta Lynch , who sued the state of North Carolina over a bathroom bill that the government said discriminated against transgender people . Such a move would be improbable in an administration like Trump 's , which has already signaled its deference to states ' rights .
It 's unclear exactly what priorities Sessions will pursue when it comes to the civil rights division . The Justice Department declined to comment on his plans for enforcement of religious freedom . He has faced intense criticism of his record on civil rights with regard to race .
A renewed focus on religious causes would be `` especially troubling in light of the fact that increasing numbers of Americans are not religious , '' said Marci Hamilton , a Yeshiva University legal expert on religious liberty . `` This landscape is radically different . ''
But it would help satisfy Trump 's campaign promise to his Christian political base . While the appointment of Sessions is a promise fulfilled , some religious conservatives remain concerned that Trump wo n't deliver . When he was Indiana 's governor , Vice President Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law but softened it after criticism that it was discriminatory , a move that disappointed some conservatives .
Trump still has not signed an executive order to boost protections for those with religious objections to gay marriage and create a working group within the Justice Department to protect `` the religious freedom of persons and religious organizations . ''
Groups ranging from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Sasser 's First Liberty Institute have launched campaigns urging Trump to enact broad protections for religious objectors to laws such as gay marriage and abortion .
His civil rights division could bear a close resemblance to that of the Bush administration , which took a keen interest in matters of religious freedom . It touted its work on human trafficking , an issue of importance to religious conservatives , as a counter to claims that it was weak on civil rights enforcement . Such trafficking cases could again dominate the civil rights division 's criminal caseload , while prosecutions of police officers for rights violations , for example , might move to the back burner , said William Yeomans , who spent 24 years as a lawyer in the civil rights division during Democratic and Republican administrations .
The department could insert itself in federal lawsuits on behalf of faith-based groups , among other actions . It could aggressively enforce the provision of the Civil Rights Act that bans workplace bias based on religion , and also a law designed to let churches and other religious institutions skirt zoning restrictions , which the Obama administration used to sue several cities that refused to allow the construction of mosques .
Said Mat Staver , founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel : `` You 're going to see a big effort to protect religious freedom . It 's a welcome change . ''
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
WWE Network
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the death of Brian Pillman . The former Cincinnati Bengal never quite reached main event status during his wrestling career , but ended up being one of the most influential stars of the past few decades with his work in WCW , ECW , and WWF .
The tales of Pillman 's strangeness and unorthodox approach to the wrestling business are numerous , and have been catalogued in many venues ( including in at least one of Chris Jericho 's memoirs ) . From wanting to be chained naked to a goalpost at the Super Bowl to famously never once breaking character , Pillman 's exploits are legendary .
But up until now , those exploits have never been collected in one place . That will all change this month , with the release of Crazy Like A Fox — The Definitive Chronicle of Brian Pillman 20 Years Later . The book is written by Liam O'Rourke , and will detail Pillman 's entire life , focusing on his time in the public eye , from his football career up through his death .
The winners of the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults were announced last night . Drum roll please ...
Margaret Mahy Book of the Year
Snark illustrated and written by David Elliot ( after Lewis Carroll ) , published by Otago University Press ( winner of the Russell Clark Award for Illustration )
Picture Book Award
That 's Not a Hippopotamus ! Juliette MacIver , illustrated by Sarah Davis , published by Gecko Press
Junior Fiction ( Esther Glen Award )
My New Zealand Story : Bastion Point Tania Roxborogh , Scholastic NZ
Non-Fiction ( Elsie Locke Award )
Jack and Charlie : Boys of the Bush Josh James Marcotte and Jack Marcotte , Penguin Random House ( Puffin )
Young Adult Fiction ( Copyright Licensing NZ Award )
The Severed Land Maurice Gee , Penguin Random House ( Penguin )
Te Reo Māori ( Te Kura Pounamu Award )
Te Kaihanga Māpere Sacha Cotter , illustrated by Josh Morgan , translated by Kawata Teepa , published by Huia Publishers
Illustration ( Russell Clark Award )
Snark illustrated and written by David Elliot ( after Lewis Carroll ) , published by Otago University Press
The Best First Book Award
The Discombobulated Life of Summer Rain Julie Lamb , Makaro Press ( Submarine )
Kia ora to the winners , and to the finalists .
Here 's what the judges had to say about the winning lineup .
Read Kim 's article about the finalists talking to Christchurch school kids .
Check out the hashtag # NZCYA on Twitter to see feedback , and tweets from the night .
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation .
By Annie Reuter
Adele is n't the only artist who thinks Beyoncé should have won big at the 2017 GRAMMY Awards . Beyoncé 's sister , Solange , has voiced her opinion on her sister 's loss Sunday ( February 12 ) in a since-deleted post on Twitter .
Related : Adele Thanks Beyoncé in Her Record , Album of the Year Speeches
“ There have only been two black winners in the last twenty years for album of the year , ” she wrote in a later deleted tweet . “ There have been over 200 black artists who have performed . ”
While there have actually been four black winners in the last two decades , her point still stands . African-American artists are often under-represented in the major awards category . Interestingly , three of those Album of the Year winners over the past 20 years were by women : Lauryn Hill for The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill , Whitney Houston for the Bodyguard Soundtrack and Natalie Cole for Unforgettable… With Love .
India 's first-ever systematic study of Non-invasive Prenatal Screening Test ( NIPT ) involved 10 hospitals across the country , including All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) , Sir Ganga Ram Hospital , Indraprastha Apollo in Delhi and Postgraduate Institute and Medical Research Center ( PGI ) ( Chandigarh ) to name a few . When compared to conventional screening tests , NIPT has proven to be more effective , accurate and a safer way to detect common chromosomal abnormalities such as Down syndrome . NIPT can be conducted as early as 9th week of pregnancy , helping parents make informed decisions .
A nationwide study across 10 hospitals has found that NIPT ( non-invasive prenatal screening test ) , is much more effective , accurate and safe for detecting chromosomal abnormalities in the unborn baby , compared to conventional biochemical tests such as the double marker ( first trimester ) and quadruple marker tests ( second trimester ) , as well as ultrasound studies .
The study , initiated by genomics-driven research and diagnostics firm MedGenome , had Dr. IC Verma , Director of the Institute of Medical Genetics and Genomics at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital , New Delhi as the Principal investigator . The study , published in the Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology of India , showed that a chromosomal abnormality detected by Non-invasive Prenatal Screening Test ( NIPT ) was much more likely to be true and present in the foetus , compared to conventional screening tests , authenticating NIPT to be a much more accurate testing method .
India carries a heavy burden of genetic disorders . Studies suggest that chromosomal abnormalities occur with a frequency of 1 in 166 births in India , while Down syndrome ( trisomy of chromosome number 21 ) has a high incidence rate of 1 in 800 births , resulting in the birth of 32,500 babies with Down syndrome every year in India , the highest number in the world . Early and accurate screening with NIPT can help families know about the genetic health of their baby and enable them to seek further help if necessary .
Dr. IC Verma of Sir Gangaram Hospital said : “ This is India 's first-ever systematic study on the non-invasive prenatal screening test ( NIPT ) . While the efficacy of NIPT has been well proven in the more developed markets , the results of this unique study in India clearly indicate that even for Indian women , NIPT is highly accurate when compared to conventional screening tests .
It is also remarkable to note that pregnancies considered intermediate to high risk through conventional screening methods were found to be low risk with NIPT . This means that a large number ( 96.2 % ) of women could potentially avoid invasive procedures such as amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling which cause emotional anxiety and come with a risk of miscarriage ( 1 in 1000 for amniocentesis and 1 in 200 for chorionic villus sampling ) . ”
Stressing the importance of non-invasive screening procedures , Dr. Priya Kadam , Program Director – NIPT , MedGenome said , “ NIPT can be offered to all pregnant women and is not gestation age specific . NIPT is a great alternative for pregnancies that have received an intermediate to high risk report on conventional screening tests . The high accuracy , safety and low false positive rate , make NIPT a very worthwhile option for any pregnant woman and the test can be performed from as early as the 9th week of a pregnancy . With greater awareness and wider adoption , NIPT can significantly help reduce India 's burden of genetic disorders. ” It also reduces the frequency of invasive prenatal diagnostic tests that were necessary earlier in cases where conventional screening tests showed a positive result .
The study was conducted to analyze the performance of NIPT in Indian pregnant women , especially for diagnosis of abnormalities of chromosome numbers 21 , 18 , 13 , and triploidy . NIPT screening was performed on 516 pregnancies , who had tested intermediate to high risk on conventional screening tests ( Double marker , Quadruple marker test along with ultrasound studies ) in the first and second trimester . The results were confirmed through invasive testing or clinical examination after birth . Over 96.2 % of pregnancies were reported low risk and 3.8 % tested high risk on NIPT for the conditions tested .
With a small blood sample drawn from the mother 's arm , the NIPT screening test analyses DNA of the unborn baby circulating in the pregnant mother 's blood to detect chromosomal abnormalities . It has a detection rate of over 99 % and a very low false positive rate of under 0.3 % . In clinical settings where NIPT is implemented , a significant reduction of 50-70 % in invasive procedures is observed among pregnant women , saving much pain and distress and avoidance the loss of normal babies through invasive procedures .
Some of the hospitals which participated in the study include Sir Ganga Ram Hospital ( Delhi ) ; All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( Delhi ) ; Indraprastha Apollo Hospital ( Delhi ) ; Postgraduate Institute and Medical Research Center ( PGI ) ( Chandigarh ) ; Rainbow Hospital ( Hyderabad ) ; Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences ( Kochi ) ; Sri Ramchandra Medical College ( Chennai ) ; Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research ( Pondicherry ) ; CIMAR Fertility Center ( Kochi ) ; Manipal Hospital ( Bengaluru ) , etc .
NIPT is a revolutionary technology which has changed the practice of diagnosis of diseases in the unborn baby all over the world . Initially , it was validated for diagnosis of abnormalities of chromosome numbers 21 , 18 , 13 in singleton pregnancies but has now been extended to pregnancies with twins and even IVF pregnancies with ovum donation . The scope of the test continues to be expanded and currently includes clinically relevant microdeletion syndromes such as 22q11.2 and some single gene disorders . It is also enabling prenatal diagnosis of other genetic disorders from the mother 's blood . Once fully adopted prenatal diagnosis can be provided to pregnant women in rural areas who otherwise had to travel to tertiary care centres for prenatal diagnosis , as it only involves the collection of blood from the pregnant woman 's arm .
MedGenome is a leading genomics driven research and diagnostics company , with a mission to improve global health by decoding the genetic information contained in an individual 's genome . Its unique access to genomics data with clinical and phenotypic data provides insights into complex diseases at the genetic and molecular level to facilitate research in personalized health care . MedGenome is the market leader for genomic diagnostics in South Asia and a leading provider of genomics research services globally .
The company currently offers more than 400 genetic tests across key disease areas , such as pediatric diseases , neurology , cancer , hematology , endocrinology etc . at its CAP certified lab in Bangalore , including Exome sequencing , Liquid Biopsy for cancer , Carrier Screening and pre-implantation genetic diagnosis .
MedGenome is also a founding member of GenomeAsia 100K , an initiative to sequence 100,000 Genomes in Asia , and provide a unique resource for genetic research in the world .
For all the latest Press Release News , download NewsX App
How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives ? Minh Uong , a visual editor for The Times 's business section , discussed the tech he 's using .
Can you explain your creative process for making and planning illustrations for The Times ?
Being the visual editor for the business section , I 'm responsible for providing artwork that illuminates stories that are hard to photograph . It 's a challenging task at times , since our section features articles with topics that are difficult to visualize . Try to think of images that relate to private equity , net neutrality or the trade deficit .
Recently , I had to art a story about fake Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg accounts on Facebook and Instagram that scam people out of their money .
I doodled my first thought in my sketchbook using a black Paper Mate pen showing people stealing and running away with images of Mark and Sheryl . Then I sketched a different concept showing a group of scammers hiding behind Mark and Sheryl masks .
Police have detained two Moroccans who tried to smuggle migrants into Spain 's North African enclave of Ceuta – two hidden in a car and one in a suitcase .
When police checked a car on Monday one person was found hidden in the dashboard and another in the hollowed-out back seat .
The man and woman , thought to be Guineans , received first aid as they had had little air to breathe .
Separately , a young African man was found hidden in a woman 's suitcase .
That incident happened on 30 December and again the man – believed to be from Gabon – required urgent medical attention .
A 22-year-old Moroccan woman had tried to smuggle him into Ceuta , but customs officers ordered her to open the case , which was tied to a trolley .
The incidents coincided with a mass attempt by sub-Saharan Africans to storm the 6m ( 20ft ) border fence separating Ceuta from Morocco .
Fifty Moroccan and five Spanish border guards were injured when 1,100 migrants tried to get over the fence on Sunday .
None managed to get through , but two people were injured scaling the fence and were taken to hospital in Ceuta . One guard lost an eye , officials said .
A similar assault on 9 December involved more than 400 African migrants .
There have been many such attempts by sub-Saharan Africans living illegally in Morocco , who desperately want to reach Europe . Melilla – Spain 's other North African enclave – is similarly targeted by migrants .
The enclaves are Europe 's only land borders in Africa .
Most migrants are intercepted and returned to Morocco , while those who make it over the fences are eventually repatriated or released . BBC News
Wike seeks ‘ true federalism ' in Nigeria
Abstract : Mr. Wike said that the demand for true federalism meant that Rivers people believed in one united Nigeria .
The post Wike seeks ‘ true federalism ' in Nigeria appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- At the upcoming Advanced Clean Expo ( ACT ) Expo 2018 from April 30 to May 3 in Long Beach , California , AVM ( Advanced Vehicle Manufacturing ) will be unveiling the first vehicle in its line of all-electric , mid-size shuttle buses , the EV27 . In about the same time it takes to fill up a gas tank , AVM 's 100 % electric , low-floor EV27 shuttle is fully charged and ready to go , maximizing on-duty time . Also available in 21 and 33 foot lengths , AVM 's EV27 is ideal for loop-based routes supporting corporate and school campuses , hotels and rental car facilities , airports , and affording “ first/last mile ” solutions to private communities .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005935/en/
AVM 's exclusive joint venture is powered by Yinlong Energy , one of the world 's leading energy manufacturers and innovators . AVM shuttles are powered by Yinlong 's proprietary lithium–titanate battery ( LTO ) technology . An extremely safe and long-lasting lithium-based technology , LTO cells can endure more than 20,000 cycles , ensuring the batteries ' lifespan exceeds that of the vehicle . This robust and proven technology takes full advantage of AVM 's 350 kW CCS 2.0 high-powered charger , enabling the EV27 's rapid charge time .
Having a vehicle charge fully in less than ten minutes not only maximizes the total time in service for operators , but also eliminates the range anxiety often associated with electric vehicles . While most routes serviced by mid-size shuttles accommodate ten-minute breaks every three to four hours , the EV27 , when coupled with AVM 's 350 kW CCS 2.0 charger , has effectively unlimited range under those conditions . Needing only ten minutes every few hours reduces the number of chargers required compared to an overnight or multiple-hour charging scheme . AVM 's EV27 saves operators as much as 50 % in overall total cost of ownership due to reduced maintenance , fuel and other costs and provides greater reliability and longevity . Plus , the EV27 affords a quiet , zero-emission solution for neighborhoods , urban areas , and anywhere else air and noise pollution are concerns . The EV27 's unprecedented value equation enables operators to switch to an all-electric solution better aligned with green initiatives and environmental mandates .
“ With the debut of the EV27 , AVM is making electric-powered commercial shuttles practical as well as truly desirable , ” says Larry Brennan , CEO of AVM . “ With such a competitive pricing model , short charge-time and proven technology , we 've removed any remaining deterrents . Moving from traditional combustion-power to 100 % electric is finally not just an environmental consideration — it 's the smart business decision . ”
Every AVM vehicle connects to AVM 's real-time , cloud-based “ smart ” technology . Operators can select and customize ridership experience with features such as USB charging and Wi-Fi , fleet management , navigation , route optimization , and unparalleled , remote-access , data-collection opportunities .
A portfolio company of the Los Angeles Cleantech Incubator ( LACI ) , AVM has commitments from launch customers in the U.S. and abroad for more than 250 vehicles . AVM is continuing the momentum of the EV27 launch and will be rolling out a full range of additional commercial electric vehicles including vans , transit buses , school buses , and tour coaches , in a variety of lengths and capacities . For more information , visit www.avmfg.com .
About AVM Headquartered in Los Angeles , Advanced Vehicle Manufacturing ( AVM ) is the first company to make electric-powered commercial vehicles the preferred solution for short-range routes . AVM provides 100 % electric , zero-emission , smart commercial vehicles that can charge in less than ten minutes . Its unsurpassed battery life , powerful 350 kW CCS 2.0 charging station , and competitive overall pricing creates an irresistible value equation for operators . Along with its key partners , Yinlong , Wamar and Havenrock , AVM is disrupting the commercial electric vehicle industry . www.avmfg.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005935/en/
CONTACT : Crier Communications
JP Lincoln , 310-274-1072 x 201
JP @ crierpr.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES MEXICO NORTH AMERICA CENTRAL AMERICA CANADA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY TRANSPORT OTHER TRANSPORT PUBLIC TRANSPORT AUTOMOTIVE OTHER AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE : Advanced Vehicle Manufacturing
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 12:00 PM/DISC : 04/24/2018 12:01 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005935/en
We lost 5 months to strike in 2016 , says CMD
The Chief Medical Director ( CMD ) , University of Benin Teaching Hospital , Prof. Michael Ibadin , on Monday said industrial actions disrupted medical activities in the hospital for a cumulative period of five months in 2016 .
Ibadin disclosed this during interview with News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) , in Benin.He said industrial actions embarked upon by the various unions in the hospital were hinged on staff welfare .
He said that some of the issues had been resolved while others were yet to be resolved as they were not captured in the 2016 budget for the hospital .
“ The resident doctors in the hospital went on strike on three different occasions . They went on strike between Jan and Feb , in June and from August to October in 2016 .
“ The laboratory scientists also embarked on strike from January to April in 2016 while nurses went on strike from Dec. 2015 to Jan. 2016. “ But there is a better understanding now because we were able to resolve some of the issues raised '' , the CMD said .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near Times Square on Monday , injuring the suspect and another person at the height of the morning rush hour , law enforcement officials said .
The man and the other person were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries . The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues . The 7:30 a.m. blast filled the passageway , crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters , with smoke .
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and fire both above and below ground , tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal .
Video from above the `` Crossroads of the World '' showed lines of police and emergency vehicles , their lights flashing , lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving .
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations . NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken , where they could take trains into the city .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The newest generation of the Kennedy political dynasty will be introduced to a national audience Tuesday night as he delivers the Democratic response to President Donald Trump 's State of the Union .
Rep. Joe Kennedy III , a 37-year-old Massachusetts congressman and grandson of Robert F. Kennedy , says Democrats should focus on the economic worries of working-class voters who bolted the party in the 2016 elections .
To drive home the message , Kennedy will deliver his speech at a vocational high school in Fall River , Massachusetts , a gritty former textile hub 55 miles ( 89 kilometers ) south of Boston .
`` From health care to economic justice to civil rights , the Democratic agenda stands in powerful contrast to President Trump 's broken promises to American families , '' Kennedy said in a statement , adding that his speech will be `` guided by a simple belief that equality and economic dignity should be afforded to every American . ''
Kennedy , the red-haired son of former Rep. Joe Kennedy II , D-Mass. , was elected to the House in 2012 , returning the family to Congress two years after the retirement of Rhode Island Rep. Patrick Kennedy , who is the son of Joe Kennedy III 's great-uncle Ted .
Besides his famous last name , Joe Kennedy III also is among a wave of younger Democrats in a caucus whose three top leaders are all in their 70s .
A former Peace Corps volunteer , Kennedy was an assistant district attorney in two Massachusetts districts before being elected to Congress . He has focused on economic and social justice in Congress and has advocated on behalf of vocational schools and community colleges and championed issues such as transgender rights and marriage equality .
To illustrate that message , Kennedy has invited Staff Sgt . Patricia King , a transgender infantry solider , to represent him at the State of the Union . King , an 18-year Army veteran , has twice been deployed to Afghanistan and has been awarded the Bronze Star .
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called Kennedy `` a relentless fighter for working Americans '' and said he `` profoundly understands the challenges facing hard-working men and women across the country . ''
Matt Gorman , a spokesman for the campaign arm of House Republicans , could not conceal his glee as he welcomed the latest Kennedy as the voice of Democrats .
`` Democrats using the multi-millionaire scion of a political dynasty as the face of their party shows they 've learned absolutely nothing , '' Gorman said in an email , adding that the only way to give the GOP an easier target would be for Kennedy to make the speech `` live from the Kennedy Compound in Hyannis , '' Massachusetts .
Democratic Caucus Chairman Joe Crowley said Kennedy will focus on education and the importance of preparing future generations for jobs while also pointing out `` how Republicans fall short , and certainly the president . ''
Kennedy `` will be talking to the forgotten men and women — the people the president says he is speaking to but since has shown he has little or no regard for , '' said Crowley , D-N.Y .
The speech is an opportunity for the three-term lawmaker to `` step out a bit and make his own mark '' in national politics , said Crowley , who recommended Kennedy for the role .
`` He 's young , talented and smart . He 's got a great last name , but on his own , he 's a wonderful man and that will come through as well , '' Crowley said . `` The sky 's the limit for him , frankly . ''
Before this speech , Kennedy 's best-known moment was a 2017 speech criticizing House Speaker Paul Ryan for defending the GOP effort to repeal former President Barack Obama 's health care law as `` an act of mercy . ''
Kennedy called the GOP effort `` an act of malice '' in a late-night speech that was viewed millions of times on social media .
Kennedy 's speech will be followed by a Spanish-language response delivered by Elizabeth Guzman , one of the first Latinas elected to the Virginia House of Delegates .
Transcript for 17.3 million online brackets busted : ESPN
And March Madness truly maddening ESPN revealing all seventeen point three million online brackets are busted . Zero brackets intact heading into the sweet sixteen .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
DENVER ( AP ) — Lawyers will be making closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift during a photo op before a concert in Denver , and as to whether the singer 's mother and her radio liaison later set out to destroy his career .
U.S. District Judge William Martinez determined Friday that the pop star could not be held liable because David Mueller failed to prove that she personally set out to have him fired after the 2013 photo op . But jurors will consider his identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell .
Mueller sued Swift after her team reported the alleged assault to his bosses at a country music station . He is seeking up to $ 3 million , saying the allegation cost him his job and reputation .
Swift countersued and is seeking a symbolic $ 1 . She says she wants to serve as an example to other women who have been assaulted .
Here 's a look at the key elements in the he-said , she-said trial that began Tuesday in federal court in Denver .
___
THE PHOTOGRAPH
Swift 's lawyers called the image “ damning ” proof that Mueller inappropriately touched her . Mueller argues it shows him trying to jump into the frame .
Entertainment news outlet TMZ obtained and published the photo , which has been sealed by the court .
Swift 's business manager , Jesse Schaudies Jr. , said her side did not want the picture in the news .
“ We did not want copycats and one-uppers abounding . And that happens in our world , ” he testified last year . “ These people all tend to escalate . I 've watched what happens with these files and individuals . ”
___
THE ENCOUNTER
Swift took the stand for about an hour Thursday , testifying that Mueller grabbed her bare backside and held on for a long time during the meet-and-greet . She used explicit language that seemed designed to avoid sugar-coating what she described as a sexual assault when she posed for the photo .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” she said . “ It was a definite grab . A very long grab . ”
___
OTHER KEY WITNESSES
— Andrea Swift , the singer 's mother , was involved in the decision to contact Mueller 's boss and not call the police .
— Frank Bell , a member of the singer 's team , contacted Mueller 's bosses at the station KYGO . Bell and Andrea Swift are also defendants in Mueller 's lawsuit .
— Shannon Melcher , Mueller 's girlfriend at the time , was standing on the other side of Swift when the photo was taken . She testified that she saw nothing happen during the brief encounter and that she and Mueller were rudely confronted and escorted out of the arena that evening . Melcher said Mueller was devastated by the accusation .
— Greg Dent , Swift 's bodyguard , was standing a few feet away during the photo op . He testified Friday that Mueller groped Swift under her skirt a moment before a staff photographer took a photo of the singer . But he did not take any immediate action because he generally took his cues from Swift and she gave him none .
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates ( AP ) — An inter-faith group of residents living in Bahrain who are visiting Israel has issued a statement saying it does n't represent the government in Manama or any of the kingdom 's authorities .
Their visit has stirred uproar on social media over the timing of their trip following the Trump administration 's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital last week .
The group said in a statement carried by the state-run Bahrain News Agency on Sunday that it `` does not represent any official entity '' from Bahrain .
The group , which also has Americans and British nationals , includes Buddhists , Christians , Hindus , Jews and Muslims .
The group 's members have said they are traveling on their own initiative .
Many Bahrainis and others on Twitter criticized the visit in the wake of President Donald Trump 's move on Jerusalem .
