With Parliament House reeling from dual-citizenship revelations , a crossbench senator seeks to clear up concerns he may also be a citizen of Greece or Cyprus .
Prominent crossbench senator Nick Xenophon is confident he has never held Greek or Cypriot citizenship .
The South Australian insists he contacted the Greek embassy and Cypriot High Commission in 2007 to renounce any citizenship claims .
But Senator Xenophon is not certain there 's any official documented response to his renunciations .
`` I 'd have to go through literally boxes and boxes of archives from an election campaign 10 years ago , '' he said
`` I have never had citizenship of another country , never wanted citizenship of another country . ''
Senator Xenophon was born to Greek and Cypriot parents at the Burnside War Memorial Hospital in Adelaide .
Senator Xenophon said his understanding from other MPs in a similar position was that those making such citizenship inquiries often do n't receive a response .
`` The issue of whether an MP is a dual citizen or not will be a festering farce until there has been a full audit of all MPs and senators and there needs to be a resolution through the High Court . ''
Labor senator Sam Dastyari appeared at the end of Senator Xenophon 's doorstep for what looked like a set piece .
`` I am not an Iranian citizen , '' Senator Dastyari said in Farsi .
`` I am not a Greek or Cypriot citizen , '' Senator Xenophon said in Greek .
`` We 're feeling much more Aussie than our colleagues today , '' Senator Dastyari said in closing .
Donald Trump is # trending with neo-Nazis and white nationalists on Twitter .
A new report on online extremism found that haters on Twitter are obsessed with Donald Trump , and tweet about him more than nearly anything else .
The study , from George Washington University 's Program on Extremism , blamed the GOP 's hater-in-chief for fueling the fires of haters online .
His rise to the Republican presidential nomination mirrored the rise in viral hate — with the popularity of Nazi and nationalist accounts spiking more than 600 % between 2012 and today .
BRASILIA , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Brazil on Friday froze 8 billion reais ( $ 2.5 billion ) worth of government expenses for this year under a revised budget to account for potential delays in a plan to privatize power utility Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras SA .
Policymakers expect to raise 12.2 billion reais with the privatization of Eletrobras , as the power utility is known . The revised budget forecasts a 2018 primary deficit of 154.8 billion reais before interest rate payments , below the deficit target of 159 billion reais , Planning Minister Dyogo Oliveira said in a news conference .
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing .
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final .
Now FIFA says its referees ' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia `` are not satisfied anymore . ''
As a result , the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament , including two assistants .
With the Christmas season here and the prospect of spending hours in crowded shopping centres looming , would n't it be great to think about enjoying an evening of pure relaxation at Ragdale Hall Spa ?
Ragdale Hall is offering one lucky Peterborough Telegraph reader an Evening Spa Experience for two people in our Christmas competition .
Ragdale Hall reader offer
Just outside Melton town centre and combining state-of-the-art facilities with the charm of traditional Victorian architecture , Ragdale Hall has recently been voted Best Destination Spa in the UK by the Good Spa Guide .
Ragdale Hall is also just about to open the latest exciting addition to its extensive spa facilities - the new Rooftop Infinity Pool which offers guests stunning views across the rolling Leicestershire countryside while they lay back , relax and breathe in the fresh country air , cocooned in the blissfully warm water ( heated to 35 degrees ) - and it could be you if you enter our competition .
And what if you could also give that gift of ‘ me-time ' to friends , loved ones and family ? Ragdale Hall gift vouchers ( pictured ) start from just £25 . With spa packages starting from just £60 there is something to suit every taste and budget - with the Evening Spa Experience , from 6.30pm to 9.30pm , including full use of the spa facilities and a two-course meal , it 's perfect for relaxing after work , or a catch-up with friends or family .
Gift vouchers are beautifully presented in a special Christmas gift pack and wallet , and are valid for a whole year . Your vouchers can be sent out in the post - or you can arrange to pick them up .
For more information or to order your vouchers visit www.ragdalehall.co.uk or call 01664 434831 . Follow Ragdale Hall on Facebook and Twitter or download the free Ragdale Hall App for exclusive offers .
To stand a chance of winning , answer this question : In which county is Ragdale Hall located ?
Email your answer to brad.barnes @ jpress.co.uk by noon on December 12 .
The prize is valid Monday to Thursday , subject to availability . Over-16s only . Travel is not included . Prize must be taken within six months of the winner being notified .
Guardiola rules out Isco to Manchester City
Pep Guardiola has ruled out bringing Isco to Manchester City , after the Premier League champions were linked with an €80million bid .
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 19:36 IST 632 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Real Madrid midfielder Isco
Manchester City will not be signing Isco from Real Madrid in the transfer window , Pep Guardiola has said .
The Premier League champions have been linked with an €80million bid for the Spain international , who has been unable to hold down a permanent place in Zinedine Zidane 's plans at the Santiago Bernabeu .
However , Guardiola has been quick to rule out a deal for the 26-year-old , who has a contract until 2022 that includes a release clause of €700m .
`` City are n't going to sign Isco , '' he said simply when asked at an event for the Johan Cruyff Foundation .
The former Barcelona head coach was happy to pay tribute to Madrid 's achievement under Zidane , after they claimed a third Champions League in a row last Saturday with a 3-1 win over Liverpool .
However , he has promised City will do their utmost to end the Spanish club 's recent dominance .
`` It 's spectacular , you have to take your hat off to them , '' he said . `` It does n't matter if they deserve it or not , because it 's very difficult to do what they 've done .
`` They 've demonstrated their quality , and we hope to prevent them from taking the fourth consecutive one .
`` Zidane has done a spectacular job . ''
Transactions on the floor of the Nigerian Stock exchange , NSE , on February 14 , closed negative as lead indices of the bourse plunged further .
As such , the NSE All Share Index crashed by 0.84 percent to close at 25,032.17 points from 25,244.29 points .
Eterna Oil and Nigerian Breweries topped the day 's losers ' chart with a drop of 4.99 percent each to close at N3.24 and N112.82 per share respectively .
CAP shed 4.91 percent to close at N30.43 , Vitafoam fell 4.59 percent to close at N2.08 and Caverton depreciated 4.26 percent to close at 90 kobos per share .
Conversely , Forte Oil topped the day 's gainers with by 5.00 percent to close at N56.70 , PZ followed with a growth of 4.92 percent to close at N12.16 and UAC-Prop was third with 4.55 percent to close at N2.07 .
Champion Breweries and FBN Holdings came fourth and fifth respectively having added 3.52 and 3.51 percent to close at N2.35 and N3.24 per share respectively .
Overall , investors on the bourse exchanged a total of 144.9 million shares valued at N1.9 billion in 2,868 deals in contrast to a total of 141.9 million shares worth N1.4 billion in 2,604 deals traded on Monday .
Re : The clear way to help out the environment , June 10
The clear way to help out the environment , June 10
I 'm glad to see increasing coverage of alternate-energy vehicles . In his review of the 2018 Honda Clarity , Sami Haj-Assaad writes that the hydrogen-powered car offers the “ driving experience of being in a normal vehicle . ”
How is a car that you ca n't buy , and that you can neither refuel at the hundreds of thousands of gasoline stations worldwide nor the trillions of electrical outlets worldwide , anything like normal ?
Electric vehicles can be charged overnight at home , just as you charge your smartphone . Hydrogen-powered cars may be almost as bad for the environment as the normal gas guzzler , since hydrogen has first to be extracted from some chemical compound , then compressed , then shipped to the ( not yet built ) hydrogen fuelling station , pumped into underground storage and then pumped into your car — all of which takes energy .
Business News of Wednesday , 25 April 2018
Source : ghananewsagency.org
Universal Merchant Bank ( UMB )
The UMB has been presented with the prestigious Global Banking and Finance Award in London by The European for outstanding achievement in corporate banking in Ghana .
For the second consecutive year , the financial magazine , The European , named UMB as the Corporate Bank of the Year in Ghana .
A statement issued by the UMB and copied to the Ghana News Agency said UMB came out tops in the Corporate Bank of the Year category amid firm competition .
It said a high-level delegation from UMB was in London , United Kingdom to participate in a number of events .
It said the Bank 's delegation was led by the Chief Executive Officer , Mr John Awuah accompanied by Director , Consumer and Business Banking , Mr Kevin Cain ; Director , Treasury , Mr Kevin Adarkwah ; and Director Marketing and Communications , Ms Yvonne Botchey .
It said they were in London to participate in the UK Ghana Investment Summit , honour a BBC interview on Focus on Africa and then receive the Global Banking and Finance Award for 2018 Corporate Bank of the Year Ghana .
It noted that Mr Awuah was invited to the UK Ghana Investment Summit organised by the UK Ghana Chamber of Commerce to participate in a panel discussion on the topic : Trade and Industrialisation .
The statement said the Summit was attended by the President , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo together with several government functionaries as well as stakeholders from the business community .
It noted that Mr Awuah , receiving the award plaque stated that , “ UMB aims to deliver the best services , innovative products and ace customer experiences .
“ The award demonstrates our consistent commitment to providing our clients with holistic banking solutions in Ghana ” .
He added that “ we are grateful that our efforts have been recognized by our clients and we will continue to exceed their expectations . ”
On the sidelines , BBC invited Mr Awuah to speak on Focus on Africa to provide insight on Ghana 's banking industry as well as to comment on UMB 's impressive performance and plans for the future .
UMB is a full-service financial institution specializing in customized banking products and services .
UMB , formally known as the Universal Merchant Bank , opened on March 15 , 1972 and is a leading Ghanaian indigenous bank with considerable financial expertise .
UMB is recognised for its entrepreneurial approach , innovative use of technology , and distinctive banking solutions .
It currently has 36 branches , three UMB Centres for Businesses , one UMB Public Private Partnership ( PPP ) Incubator Centre and a vast network of ATMs .
Bernard Tomic has suffered a deflating start to his Australian summer , crashing out of the Brisbane International in the opening round .
Tomic lasted just 83 minutes on Monday as he went down to eighth-seeded Spaniard David Ferrer 6-3 7-5 in a hail of unforced errors on Pat Rafter Arena .
The Gold Coaster traditionally performs well at his home tournament but struggled badly on serve and could not get his forehand working against the far more consistent Ferrer .
His world No.26 ranking will drop after failing to defend points achieved last year with his run to the semi-finals in Brisbane , before losing to eventual champion Milos Raonic .
Tomic lost his opening two service games against Ferrer , the former world No.3 , and could only blame himself for producing a sixth double fault to lose the first set in 36 minutes .
He appeared to be troubled by a twinge early as he over-extended for a winning sliced backhand but managed to go shot for shot with Ferrer in the second set .
Games went on serve but Tomic was made to work harder for each before falling short of taking the set into a tiebreaker .
Tomic saved two match points but again was let down by his serve with his eighth double fault , allowing world No.21 Ferrer free passage into the second round where he 'll meet Australian wildcard Jordan Thompson .
Tomic praised the class and consistency of Ferrer , 34 , but also blamed his first-serve inaccuracy and a heavy training load for his woes .
The 24-year-old looked lethargic and admitted he `` felt flat '' after working extremely hard on his fitness in the off-season but denied he was carrying any injuries .
`` That 's what cost me - I served terrible , '' he said .
`` I was sort of expecting it . He 's a guy who has made his career based on being a machine and getting every ball back and he 's one of the top players in the world in the past six or seven years .
`` It was a match that was always going to be tough and he was just playing too solider than I was . ''
Tomic , who will play exhibition matches in Sydney and Melbourne , denied it was a dent to his confidence heading towards the Australian Open .
French world No.39 Nicolas Mahut also won through to the second round after overcoming compatriot Stephane Robert 4-6 6-3 6-4 .
Earlier , Samantha Stosur was again bundled out of her home tournament early , falling to world No.7 Garbine Muguruza in three sets .
Stosur also fell 7-5 6-7 ( 7-2 ) 7-5 after being up a break in the third set to make it a forgettable day for the leading Australians at Pat Rafter Arena .
Muguruza 's victory continues the success of the women 's seeds on day two of the tournament as world No.9 Svetlana Kutznetsova and world No.14 Elina Svitolina both enjoyed first round wins in straight sets .
ATHENS , Ga. — Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following his second arrest on marijuana charges in three years .
According to the Athens-Clarke County jail report , Patrick was arrested Thursday night on a misdemeanour charge of possession of less than one ounce of marijuana . He also was charged with `` prohibited stopping , standing or parking . '' He was released about an hour later after posting bond .
Patrick was suspended for one game against Kentucky as a freshman in 2015 following his first arrest on marijuana charges . According to the Georgia student-athlete handbook , a player can be suspended four games for a second marijuana violation .
Patrick is tied for third with 17 tackles for No . 5 Georgia , which plays at Vanderbilt on Saturday .
The five Democrats competing for their party 's nomination for governor met in their final televised debate tonight , each offering a critique of the tax plan Republican Governor Kim Reynolds signed into law this afternoon .
All the candidates argue the plan will provide little , if any tax relief for low and middle income Iowans . However , three of the candidates expressed support for some elements of the new law , like assessing the state sales tax on a wider variety of electronic purchases . John Norris has called for a full repeal of the plan , though , and Norris offered this “ advice ” to rival Fred Hubbell .
“ Be cautious about being against that tax cut before you were for it , ” Norris said . “ That will be a difficult position to both criticize it and defend it in this election , if you get there . ”
Hubbell , who called the bill “ risky and irresponsible ” as legislators debated it , says the reality is the tax plan is now state law and the person who 's elected in November must deal with it .
“ When you 're a governor , you have to recognize that you 're governor of everybody , not just a few people , ” Hubbell said . “ You have to recognize the pieces that are good and get rid of all the rest . ”
Earlier in the day , Governor Reynolds told reporters the tax issue will be a clear dividing line between Republicans and Democrats this fall .
“ Iowans will have to make that choice , ” Reynolds said .
The Democratic candidates on stage tonight suggested the choice Reynolds and her fellow Republicans made will bankrupt the state . Ross Wilburn , the former mayor of Iowa City , said after the state budget cuts Republican lawmakers were forced to make over the past two years , tax cuts are n't wise .
“ During a time like this , when we 've got a whole in the budget , it 's not something that we can afford to do . ”
Andy McGuire , a medical doctor , said Republicans legislators and Governor Reynolds have failed to providing enough for education , health care and other important government functions .
“ When you 're cutting right now for the services , the math does n't add up to then cut your revenue , ” McGuire said .
Norris , who was chief of staff for former Governor Tom Vilsack , accused the Reynolds Administration of being run by corporate lobbyists .
“ And look at these tax cuts and tax breaks that are carved out , that are eroding our capacity to invest in education and health care in this state , ” Norris said .
Hubbell , a Des Moines businessman , suggested the GOP was employing the “ trickle-down theory . ”
“ Just cut everything that you can . Reduce your revenues and hope that all of a sudden revenues go up , ” Hubbell said . “ It 's been proven many times not to work . ”
Cathy Glasson of Coralville , a nurse and union organizer , called for taxing the wealthy “ a little bit more ” and the poor “ a little bit less. ” She 'd also legalize marijuana for personal use — and tax it .
“ We know that there are other states in this country , particularly Oregon that generated $ 85 million by doing that , ” Glasson said .
The candidate forum was sponsored by The Des Moines Register and KCCI Television in Des Moines , which broadcast the event live .
The granddaughter of a man who was instrumental in promoting the use of hybrid corn is urging GOP lawmakers not to close an ag-related research center at Iowa State University .
Liz Garst , who manages her family 's 3500 acre farm in the Coon Rapids area . said the work of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture is not done .
“ Thanks to the help of the Leopold Center , we have started doing more and more with cover crops , ” Garst said . “ …There is a huge amount of research that still needs to be done to make this technology viable , which will help protect our soil , which is Iowa 's most important asset . ”
Garst was among more than three dozen people who testified today at a hearing in the state capitol that gave Iowans a chance to weigh in on GOP budget proposals . Several spoke against Republican legislators ' plans to cut state support of the ISU research center . Mills County Supervisor Mark Peterson farms about 500 near Stanton and he 's board president of Practical Farmers of Iowa .
“ As a conservative Republican , I am disappointed with what I hear happening , ” Peterson said . “ …The Leopold Center was founded in tough ag economic times . Through their research and funding of everything from waterways to wineries , rural Iowa has improved both economically and environmentally . We are in tough times again . The work of the Leopold Center is nowhere near done . ”
Another ISU graduate told legislators it makes Iowa “ look bad ” to shut down crucial efforts to improve water quality and stop soil loss .
Other speakers at the hearing urged Republicans to abandon their goal of “ defunding ” Planned Parenthood . Erin Davison-Rippey of Planned Parenthood of the Heartland targeted her remarks to Republican moderates .
“ Do n't let those extreme individuals lead you around by the nose , ” Davison-Rippey said . “ You may think that passing this language may quiet them , but make no mistake . They are not done . You pass this language and they will be right back with more demands . ”
The other major topic raised during today 's hearing was the legislature 's proposed cut to victim services . Mary Ingham , executive director of Crisis Intervention Service in Mason City which serves 14 counties in north central and north east Iowa , drove to Des Moines to testify .
“ We acknowledge this is a tough budget year for our state , but singling out programs supporting victims of violence for a disproportionate cut is frightening , ” Ingham said . “ A 25 percent reduction in state funds will have immediate , harmful consequences . ”
Each speaker was limited to three minutes . A large crowd gathered around a big-screen TV in the statehouse rotunda and cheered as speakers made their points . People seated inside the hearing room waved pieces of green construction paper to signal their support for what was being said .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Asian stocks rebounded from a two-month trough on Thursday , while the euro enjoyed a respite after sinking to its lowest in 10 months as political turmoil in Italy that had roiled global financial markets showed signs of easing .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , May 21 , 2018 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS tacked on 0.3 percent having slumped to its weakest since the start of April on Wednesday .
South Korea 's KOSPI .KS11 added 0.6 percent and Japan 's Nikkei .N225 advanced 0.5 percent .
Overnight , the Dow .DJI rose 1.25 percent and the S & P 500 .SPX climbed 1.27 percent .
Global stocks were battered , safe-haven government bond yields fell sharply and the euro tumbled earlier in the week after Italy 's two anti-establishment parties scrapped plans to form a coalition , stoking fears of a general election that could be a referendum on the country 's euro membership .
A degree of calm , however , returned , with the two anti-establishment parties renewing efforts to form a coalition government rather than force Italy into holding elections for the second time this year .
Italy 's successful auction of five- and 10-year government bonds also assuaged concerns about its ability to finance itself after turbulence in its debt market resulted in the biggest one-day surge for two-year yields in 26 years .
“ The financial markets had been able to assess and digest the situation in Italy over the past few days and it is now time for a bit of reprieve from the turbulence , ” said Masahiro Ichikawa , senior strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management in Tokyo .
“ The reprieve will allow the market to return their focus back on fundamentals , such as Friday 's U.S. non-farm jobs report . ”
The euro stood little changed at $ 1.1669 EUR= after rallying 1 percent the previous day . The currency had sunk to $ 1.1510 on Tuesday , its lowest since late July 2017 .
The dollar index against a basket of six major currencies .DXY dipped 0.1 percent to 94.061 after surging to a near seven-month peak of 95.025 on Tuesday .
The U.S. currency traded at 108.730 yen JPY= , off a low of 108.115 brushed on Tuesday when risk aversion in the broader markets increased investor demand for its Japanese peer , which is often sought in times of market unrest .
The dollar received some support as signs of easing Italian political concerns pulled U.S. Treasury yields up from multi-week lows .
The 10-year Treasury note yield US10YT=RR stood at 2.847 percent after sliding on Tuesday to 2.759 percent , its lowest since April 11 .
Oil prices were elevated after rallying overnight as Russia 's central bank expressed caution on plans to boost oil supply .
U.S. crude futures CLc1 inched down 0.2 percent to $ 68.07 a barrel after gaining 2.2 percent on Wednesday . Prices had fallen to a six-week low of $ 65.80 a barrel on Tuesday amid concerns that Saudi Arabia and Russia could increase output .
Brent crude LCOc1 dipped 0.25 percent to $ 77.31 a barrel after jumping 2.8 percent on Wednesday .
( Reuters ) - Two Dallas police officers were shot and critically wounded on Tuesday at a Home Depot Inc ( HD.N ) store and a civilian was also shot in the incident , Dallas police said on Twitter .
Officials were searching for a suspect , according to the local CBS affiliate . Live television footage from the local Fox affiliate , KDFW , showed several police cars outside the Home Depot store .
Police said they did not know the condition of the civilian . One of the officers was taken to a local hospital , the CBS station said .
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir , the Parties Hurriyat Conference Chairman , Syed Ali Gilani has said that Indian leadership is responsible for prevailing political uncertainty and a war-like situation in the South Asian region .
Syed Ali Gilani in a statement issued in Srinagar rejected the Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh 's rhetoric to cross over the Line of Control in the name of protecting territorial integrity , and said that Indian leaders while ignoring historical facts were creating war euphoria in the region .
The Chairman of Hurriyat forum , Mirwaiz Umar Farooq addressing a joint meeting of the Executive Council , General Council and Working Committee of the forum in Srinagar , today , condemned the killing and harassment of people by Indian forces under the garb of cordon and search operations in the Valley .
Jammu and Kashmir Salvation Movement Chairman , Zafar Akbar Butt addressing a press conference and Jammu Kashmir People 's League Chairman Mukhtar Ahmad Waza at a party meeting in Srinagar , today , called for meaningful dialogue between all the stakeholders of the Kashmir dispute to stop bloodshed in the occupied territory .
A delegation of Jammu and Kashmir Ittehadul Muslimeen visited Balhama area of Srinagar to express solidarity with the owners of the houses destroyed by Indian troops during a cordon and search operation on Thursday . Another delegation of Peoples Freedom visited Tral to pay tributes to martyr , Rasiq Ahmad Butt .
Senior Hurriyat leader Muhammad Ashraf Sehrai was elected as Chairman of Tehreek-e-Hurriyat Jammu and Kashmir during a party meeting in Srinagar , today .
Indian forces launched a Cordon and Search Operation in Pampore and Zinpora areas of Pulwama district , today . The operation was jointly launched by Indian army , police and Central Reserve Police Force .
Meanwhile , speakers at a seminar in London demanded of the UK government to play its role in granting Kashmiris their right to self-determination and preventing massive human rights violations by India in occupied Kashmir . The conference was chaired by UK Member Parliament , Jack Brereton while the Co-Chairman of ‘ Friends of Kashmir ' in the European Parliament , Anthea McIntyre was the chief guest.—KMS
The PGA Tour , which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin , Texas , this week , says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans .
The PGA said Monday that it does n't comment on the specifics of its security measures but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority .
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month , including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men . The first three attacks used package bombs left on people 's doorsteps . They killed two people and injured two others .
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber .
When her husband died in 1989 , Friedolina Howell wanted him buried in a place that honored veterans .
After considering several cemeteries , she and her four sons settled on White Chapel Memorial Gardens ' “ Garden of Valor ” and paid the fees for two plots — one for Robert Howell , a retired Air Force officer , and one that would later be used for her .
Years passed . Friedolina turned 91 . On Feb. 7 , she died .
Her sons thought it would be simple to lay their mother to rest beside their father since her burial plans had long ago been decided . They set her graveside service for Feb. 12 .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
But more than a month later , her body continues to lay in cold storage at a Wichita funeral home because , her family says , the cemetery refused to let her be buried in the plot she bought .
And her funeral plans have been canceled twice .
“ When my dad died , I asked my mom , do you see a casket you like ? We wrote everything down , ” James Howell , one of Friedolina 's sons , told The Eagle last week . “ The funeral home had kept all the stuff on my dad .
“ My mom said , ‘ Same service . ' So I thought lickety-split , not a problem . ... That 's what my mom wanted . ”
Howell says , though , when the time came to arrange her graveside service , the cemetery told him he had to sign additional contracts - even though one has been in place since 1989 - before they would bury her .
Howell , who is an attorney in Wichita , said the new contract is unnecessary . He and his brother , Michael Howell , are now suing the cemetery 's owner StoneMor , saying the company breached its original burial contract with them and has “ engaged in a series of ‘ deceptive ' acts and practices ” that violate consumer rights protected under Kansas law .
When you buy burial rights from a cemetery , “ you have the absolute right to be buried there , ” James Howell said . “ They ( StoneMor ) and they alone obstructed that . It 's where she goes . ”
A spokesman for StoneMor said Friday he could n't talk about the case because “ the company the does n't comment on pending litigation . ”
White Chapel Memorial Gardens , 1806 N. Oliver , is an 80-acre cemetery located just east of Wichita State University in north Wichita . It 's one of 316 cemeteries and 93 funeral homes owned by StoneMor in the U.S. and Puerto Rico , according to its website .
The company also owns two other Kansas cemeteries : Old Mission Wichita Park in Wichita and Fairlawn Burial Park in Hutchinson .
The lawsuit seeks more than $ 75,000 in damages . If the court awards any money in the case , Howell said he and his brothers will likely do something charitable with it in his mother 's name .
“ She was a great lady , ” Howell said of his mother , who was born in Austria , spent time in a concentration camp and worked in a parachute factory while Germany occupied the country .
Howell said his father met and married her while he was in the military and brought her back to the United States . She became a citizen and raised four boys , sometimes on her own because her husband was away serving in the Korean and Vietnam wars .
“ She was the matriarch of the family , ” Howell said .
“ My mom would n't want this . ”
Howell said after his mother died last month and his family began finalizing her funeral plans , they met with an employee of White Chapel Memorial Gardens on Feb. 9 . The cemetery employee told Howell that the cost of their mother 's graveside services would be $ 1,547 . The employee also gave them two contracts he said the family was required to sign before their mother 's burial could move forward .
The problem , according to the family 's lawsuit , is that one of the contracts had provisions in it that required the family to “ waive all liability ” on the part of the cemetery “ for any damages they might cause ” preparing for the service and digging the grave .
The other document was a new sales contract that “ involved new terms not previously disclosed or bargained for , ” the lawsuit says , and had terms in it that were n't included in the contract Friedolina signed when she bought the plots . Those terms include a provision that allows the cemetery to cancel services before a person 's burial vault is placed in the ground , according to the lawsuit .
Howell refused to sign , arguing that there was already a valid contract in place .
“ I said , I 'm not buying anything or financing anything . I just want to open ” her grave , he said . The fine print on the contract “ is small and it 's hard to read . It had all kinds of stuff on it . ”
Most people “ would sign this and not ask a single question , ” Howell said . “ They do n't know any better . ”
The lawsuit says after Howell 's refusal , cemetery employees told him signing the papers was n't necessary for the burial to go forward . The cemetery accepted a $ 1,547 check from him and gave him a receipt .
But later that afternoon , the employee called Howell to say that StoneMor “ decided they would no longer agree to allow Friedolina Howell to be buried in her space ” on Feb. 12 unless the contract was signed , according to the lawsuit .
“ I was just outraged . I could n't believe it . We signed everything . We paid their money . Everything was there . And then they called me up ” to cancel , Howell said .
Howell said ultimately he called off his mother 's graveside service after the cemetery repeatedly told him on Feb. 10 that burial could not go forward without the signed contracts .
After more phone calls and emails , StoneMor eventually changed its mind .
But by then it was too late to reschedule the funeral for its original day and time , Howell said .
“ I said it 's too late . Everybody 's got to leave , and it 's too late to get a ( burial ) vault out there ” and delivered the cemetery on time , Howell said .
“ As a consequence , there will be no family service other than Jim and his brothers ” because Friedolina 's extended family members are unable to all travel to Wichita at the same time to gather together , said Russell Hazlewood , an attorney representing the Howells in the lawsuit .
Howell and his brother earlier this month obtained a court order signed by a Sedgwick County judge that requires StoneMor to let their mother be buried in the space she paid for .
The second attempt to hold her funeral had been set for 10 a.m. Friday .
But that had to be called off , too , Howell said , after the cemetery claimed it had n't received the $ 1,547 payment for her graveside service .
Howell has the receipt for the check he wrote . It still had n't been presented to his bank as of last week , he said .
“ We made plans to get my mom in the ground . That 's a real sad time , ” Howell said .
He paused to wipe away a tear as emotion swept over him .
“ She 's still over there , laying there in her casket ” at the funeral home , he said .
“ When someone dies , that 's the worst time to be playing games . It 's sad . Nobody is very happy about this in my family . ”
PHITSANULOK — Police said Monday said they now have in custody a mother and stepfather accused of sexually assaulting their toddler and selling the footage to a Line group they 've traced to Bangkok .
The unidentified stepfather was captured and charged Sunday after eluding police three days after the child 's mother was arrested . Both now stand charged with violating the Computer Crime Act , human trafficking and sexually assaulting a child . They allegedly uploaded at least three videos showing their rape of the 25-year-old woman 's 3-year-old son to a Line group that paid them 400 baht every time they did so .
Full story : khaosodenglish.com
By Asaree Thaitrakulpanich
Khaosod English
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young Italian couple caught up in the Grenfell Tower tragedy 'played down ' the fire to reassure their families , distraught relatives have said .
Engaged Gloria Trevisan and Marco Gottardi , both 27 and from around Venice , are missing following the devastating inferno .
The pair , who had only been in London for three months , were living on the 23rd floor of the tower and Gloria was due to return to Italy today .
Marco 's father , Giannino , said he called his son when he heard about the fire .
He said : “ He played down the incident , I think to reassure us . At the last contact , he informed us that their apartment was flooded by smoke and that the situation was an emergency . Then nothing . We only hope for a miracle . ”
( Photo : Facebook )
Relatives are desperately searching for two young sisters and their parents missing following the devastating Grenfell Tower inferno .
Tazmin Belkadi , 6 , sister Malek , 10 , mum Farah Hamdan and dad Omar Belkadi have not been seen since the blaze .
Distraught grandfather Rkia Hamdan has been searching hospitals and sharing updates on social media in a bid to trace the family of four .
( Photo : Twitter/KidsofWorld )
He told The Sun : `` We ca n't find them .
`` They 've got two little girls Tazmin and Malek and we 're just so upset and worried about them . ''
`` We just want them home . It 's so upsetting . ”
A mum and her young son are feared dead after reportedly being told to stay inside their flat as fire engulfed the building .
Zainab Dean , who lived on the 14th floor with her son Jeremiah , two , not been heard from since the blaze in the early hours of Wednesday morning .
When her brother Francis Dean , 47 , spoke with her on the phone , she said she had been told to remain in her flat .
( Photo : Facebook )
Mr Dean said : “ My sister called me to say there was a fire in the tower .
“ I told her to leave by the stairs but she said she had been told to stay inside her flat . That was in the early hours of today and I 've not heard from her since . I fear the worst . ”
He added a firefighter had borrowed his phone during the blaze to speak to Zainab .
Mr Dean said : “ He told her to keep calm and that they were coming to get her . He kept saying that to her again and again . But then he handed me the phone and said , ‘ Tell her you love her ' .
“ I knew then to fear the worst . The phone went dead and I could not talk to her . ”
( Photo : Facebook )
Three generations of the same family are feared to have died inside their flat during the horror blaze in west London .
The daughter of teaching assistant Nadia Choucair rang her best friend in the early hours and said : “ We 're not going to make it . I love you . ”
Hers was among a number of families unaccounted for tonight as relatives and friends frantically sought news of loved ones living in the tower .
Police said 12 people died in the inferno , but witnesses reported seeing “ many more ” bodies at the scene .
Nadia , her husband , their three daughters and the girls ' grandmother have all been missing since the fire .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One local , who gave her name as Hulya , 42 , said : “ It 's just awful , absolutely devastating . One of the daughters rang her friend saying they were n't going to make it and that she loved her . She 's about 13 . Nobody has been able to contact any of them since .
Doctor who treated Grenfell Tower fire victims reveals hidden home danger that could prove fatal in a blaze
“ There are three daughters . One is about two , [ another ] is at primary school , the other at secondary school . The mum is a teaching assistant at my children 's school , everybody loves her . ”
A family of seven living on the 18th floor were also missing . Amina Hassan , 48 , said the relatives had been trapped inside their flat .
( Photo : /Twitter )
She added bodies were gathered in an area behind her own flat , and claimed there were “ far more ” victims than police had confirmed .
Hana Wahabi , 39 , had lost contact with her brother Aziz El Wahabi , his wife Fouzia and their three children Nurhouda , Yassin and Mehdi .
She said : “ They live on the 21st floor . I rang him and the fire had not reached the top of the block at that point . He said he had been told to stay inside , stay in one room together and put towels under the door .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : Twitter )
“ I told him to leave . He said he was going to come . Then I called him and he said there was too much smoke .
“ The last time I saw him they were waving out the window . The last time I spoke to his wife , he was on the phone to the fire brigade . ”
Ahmed Chellat , 60 , was also desperately waiting for news of the El Wahabi family . He has not heard from his sister-in-law , brother-in-law or their three children since the blaze .
( Photo : Twitter )
'Lessons learned ? Obviously not ' : Dad whose daughter died in 2009 tower blaze says Grenfell tragedy brings back nightmare
Mr Chellat said : “ I was on the phone to her saying , ‘ get out ' . But she said they had been told to stick towels under the door , stay inside and wait to be rescued .
“ She said , ‘ Smoke is coming under the doors ' , then I got cut off . That is the last time I heard from her . ”
Locals feared a couple and three of their four children had perished in their flat on the top floor of the 24-storey building .
( Photo : Twitter )
Yasmin Bayoudi , 17 , said the surviving brother was injured escaping and had tried desperately to contact the rest of his family . She said : “ His whole family was on the top floor and nobody could get hold of them . His mum , dad , two brothers and sister . ”
Mum-of-two Ranya Ibrahim , who was trapped at the top of the tower , sent a friend a harrowing Snapchat message in the early hours as the fire spread .
The 30-year-old also wrote : “ Forgive me everyone . Goodbye . ”
( Photo : PA )
Her friend Maseen said : “ She lives on the top floor with her two children , who are just three and five . I received a Snapchat video from Ranya at 3am , just after the fire started . I have n't heard from her since . ”
Genet Shawo was yesterday searching for five-year-old son Isaac Paulos after they became separated .
The mum of two said : “ We were on the 18th floor . The smoke was so thick , we could n't see . A neighbour took Isaac 's hand and I had my other son Lucas ; he 's three .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Distraught mother searching for 12-year-old daughter after accidentally letting go of her hand while escaping down pitch black Grenfell Tower stairwell
“ We went downstairs , but when we got outside Isaac was n't there . I saw the neighbour and said , ‘ Where 's my son ? ' . He said he 'd left him . ”
Relatives were concerned about 12-year-old Jessica Urbano , who lived on the 20th floor with her mum and older sister . Aunt Sandra Ruiz said : “ She was with a group of people in the fire escape , in the fire stairs .
“ My sister-in-law was just coming back from work , as was my older niece . Jessica called her to say this has happened . She was a few minutes away That 's the last they heard of her . We 're desperately worried . ”
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Mariem Elgwahry , 27 , and her mother Eslah , 64 , who lived on the 19th floor , were feared to be victims , as were Khadija Saye , 24 , and mum Mary , who lived on the 20th floor .
Artist Khadija had posted a terrifying message on Facebook at 3am . She wrote : “ Please pray for me , there 's a fire in my council block . I ca n't leave the flat . Please pray for me and my mum. ” Tottenham MP David Lammy , a family friend , posted a plea for information .
More residents unaccounted for last night included Saber Neda , who lived in a top-floor flat . He stayed behind after urging wife Shakila , 45 , and son Farhad , 24 , to flee .
His nephew Rashad Naqshbandi , 24 , said Mr Neda stopped answering his phone at around 6am yesterday .
Mr Naqshbandi said : “ He lived with his wife and son , who are both in a coma because of smoke .
New Grenfell Tower cladding which 'may have helped fire spread ' was added to improve view from nearby luxury houses
“ I 've already lost a friend , Yasin , and his whole family . I know they 're dead because they barricaded themselves in. ” He added : “ People were all calm . The only way there were all calms is that they were told everything is under control . Then when the fire came they were screaming , ‘ help , help ' . ”
Ali Yawar Jafari , 82 , had been in a lift with his wife and daughter , but they were separated when he got out early .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Jafari 's son Hamid Jafari said : “ He was with my mother and sister in the lift . She said the lift stopped on the 10th floor and he said there was too much smoke and he could n't breathe , and he got out of the lift . Then the doors shut and it did n't stop again till the ground floor . ”
Another pensioner , 75-year-old Abdel Salam , is feared to be among the victims after he rang his sons and told them : “ I ca n't breathe . ”
Nura Jamal , who lived on the 23rd floor , is feared to have perished with her two sons , aged six and 11 . She rang a friend at 2am and said : “ Forgive me , the fire is here , I 'm dying. ” A friend said : “ I just hope she escaped . I 've cried , everyone has cried . This will devastate everyone in the local area . ”
'It 's my duty to help ' : Nurse ran towards burning tower block to help victims 'spitting out black tar '
Friends of Steven Pile , who lived on the 12th floor , were also concerned . Elvis Burke , 50 , said : “ He rescued his niece but he stayed to save his dogs and nobody 's heard from him . ”
Italian couple Gloria Trevisan and Marco Gottardi , both 27 , were also missing . The pair , from Venice , had only been in London for three months and Gloria was due to return to Italy today . They lived on the 23rd floor .
Marco 's father Giannino said he called his son when he heard about the fire . He said : “ He played down the incident , I think to reassure us .
“ At the last contact , he informed us that their apartment was flooded by smoke and that the situation was an emergency . Then nothing . We only hope for a miracle . ”
Others who had not been heard from last night included Sheila Smith , 84 , Raymond Bernard , 65 , Mo Tucco and Hesham El-Raaman , 57 .
The Volusia County Sheriff 's Office are conducting an investigation after a married couple was found dead near their SUV along Interstate 4 with their three children uninjured in the backseat of the vehicle , according to the Daytona Beach News Journal . At around 2 a.m. on Saturday , December 31 , an anonymous caller made a report about a parked vehicle on the side of the road on interstate 4 at the mile marker 122 with its hazard lights on . A state trooper was dispatched to the scene and discovered the bodies of a married couple , 32-year-old Daniel Kelsey and Heather , 30 , – both individuals were reportedly from Ormond Beach – outside near the SUV with their three sons in the back seat . When emergency services arrived at the scene , the couple were pronounced dead . It was reported that the children were alive and uninjured , who are between the ages of 8 months and 4 years old , before being transported to the Halifax Health Medical Center as a precaution , which prompted the Department of Children and Services to get involved . It was not immediately made clear what caused the couple 's death , but Daniel and Heather 's body was taken to a local examiner 's office for an autopsy to determine the cause of death . Investigators say there were no immediate signs of foul play but wo n't be certain until the results are in . Family and friends were devastated after learning that the Ormond Beach parents were found dead near their SUV with their three children alive inside . A long-time friend of Daniel , Jerrell Jackson , of Daytona Beach , – who reportedly attended Campbell Middle School and Spruce Creek High School with him , stated that he was “ having a hard time processing his close friend 's death. ” Jackson said the news of his friend 's death was “ unbelievable ” and “ so unreal. ” He went on to say that he Daniel and his wife , who reportedly just met last year , was doing great in their new city . He told reporters that Daniel , who was described as doing awesome work on cars since he was a mechanic , “ was a loving , devoted father who did anything for his kids . I loved Dan like a brother ; every time you saw him , you saw his kids , ” Jackson said . In a Facebook post , Jackson wrote that he would truly miss his friend , showing a picture that Daniel sent him on Christmas via Facebook private messaging . The day that Jackson lost his friend was also his 32 birthday – a day he “ will never forget. ” Before Daniel 's untimely death , he called Jackson and the two of them talked for one minute and 26 seconds . Jackson never expected that it would have been one of the last conversations he would have would his long-time friend . In a Facebook post , Candice Lynn , who was Heather 's friend , said : “ His wife was also a very beautiful intelligent loving woman . Heather and I grew up together since kindergarten , and we 've been like sisters. ” “ The last time I saw her was last month when she came up to visit with the babies , and they look like they were doing so good . I told her how much of a good mother she was and Daniel was an excellent father. ” “ It 's just so devastating and I just still ca n't process that it 's actually happened . Two amazing people who are gone too soon , ” the post continued . According to a family friend , not long after the incident , the couple 's children were released from the hospital and are now in the custody of Daniel 's mother and his stepfather . Investigators are working diligently to uncover how and why the Ormond Beach parents were found dead near their SUV while their three children remained in the vehicle uninjured . [ Featured Image By SwappShots/iStock ]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
HTC will offer a mobile VR solution , and it 'll work with the company 's new top-end smartphone , the U Ultra , but it 'll be more than just a headset that lets the smartphone do most of the work like the Samsung Gear VR , according to HTC CFO Chia-lin Chang , who spoke to CNET . The plan is to introduce their mobile VR product sometime before the end of the year , Chang added .
HTC is increasingly focusing on VR as one of its largest product categories , and launched the dedicated HTC Vive headset in partnership with Valve last year . The Vive is an expensive device , however , and one that also requires an expensive gaming PC to run . The overall cost is a big contributing factor in terms of its ability to reach a large number of customers – Samsung leads the pack by a wide margin in terms of overall sales , and Vive likely sold only somewhere south of 500,000 units , depending on which estimates you believe .
HTC 's not going to just replicate the Gear VR or Daydream approach , however , based on Chang 's comments . He told CNET that the company has “ a good plan in terms of combining mobility with VR , ” and added that “ it 's not a phone slapped into a headset. ” Chang also reiterated the importance of VR to the company 's overall efforts , adding that “ we 're a VR company , we 're going to have something ” in terms of a mobile offering .
This is n't the first time HTC has talked about mobile VR . At last year 's MWC show , it admitted that a product to “ unite ” its phone and VR businesses “ would make sense , ” while adding that it would't comment on its future roadmap .
Some kind of mobile approach to VR that does more than just turn the phone into a small VR viewer sounds like an interesting concept , though of course we 'll have to learn more about HTC 's plans before we can evaluate the soundness of the strategy . But untethered VR is still a huge opportunity , so perhaps whatever HTC has in mind will aim to free up range of motion and your reliance on a large computer for high-quality VR experiences .
PanARMENIAN.Net - The sole bidder at a bizarre auction has bought an entire East German village complete with buildings , sheds and garages for 140,000 euros , the Daily Mail says .
An anonymous buyer who bid buy telephone , is now the official owner of Alwine - a tiny village in Brandenburg state , 75 miles south of Berlin .
They secured the hamlet , which has just 20 residents - most of them elderly , at an auction in Berlin on Sunday , Saturday , December 9 .
In 2000 , the hamlet was sold to private investors for one 'symbolic Deutschmark , ' the pre-euro German currency .
The two brothers who were the original buyers of its dozen buildings , plus sheds and garages , did not manage to stop its slide into neglect .
During the Second World War , the Hitler Youth trained around Alwine and prisoners of war were incarcerated nearby . Then the Iron Curtain went up and it became part of Germany 's communist East .
Until Germany 's 1990 reunification , all the property in Alwine , which once counted about 50 residents , was owned by a nearby coal briquette plant , the oldest in Europe .
Several local residents had worked there since the 1960s , said Andreas Claus , the mayor of Uebigau-Wahrenbrueck of which Alwine is a part .
The plant closed in 1991 and many people left .
Before the result , residents waited nervously to see who would buy the property , with some fearing the sale wo ; ; bring unwelcome changes . Paul Urbanek , 71 , said : 'We have been chucked into cold water . '
'Most of the departures were , of course , younger people - the daughters and sons of this place ' who moved to West Germany , said Peter Kroll , the district representative , who has lived nearby since 1945 . None have come back , he said .
Mayor Claus added : 'People had no other prospects here , especially if they were older . '
Alwine is not the only such community in eastern Germany , which still lags behind the west in prosperity , wages and jobs , with a per capita GDP that was only 67 percent of that in western states in 2015 .
Between 1990 and 2015 , the region 's population fell by about 15 percent , said a government report this year .
TOKYO — David Goffin and Marin Cilic reached the semifinals of the Japan Open in contrasting styles on Friday .
Goffin recovered from a 5-2 deficit in the first set and won 10 of the next 11 games to beat Richard Gasquet 7-5 , 6-2 . The top-seeded Cilic defeated Ryan Harrison 6-2 , 6-0 .
Goffin will face Diego Schwartzman in the semifinals on Saturday before Cilic takes on Adrian Mannarino .
Goffin , who lost in last year 's final , has been on a winning run in Asia . Last weekend , he claimed his first title in three years in Shenzhen , China .
Gasquet was leading 3-2 in the first when the roof was closed in anticipation of heavy rain , and Goffin struggled to regain his rhythm after the 15-minute delay .
`` It 's never easy to start again , '' Goffin said . `` I needed one or two games just to get used to the conditions , then I started to feel the ball really well , feel my rhythm , become more aggressive game after game . ''
Gasquet had three set points on serve at 40-0 in the ninth game , but the Belgian won that and the next six games .
The win moved Goffin to No . 11 in the ATP Race to London rankings . With Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka out for the season , 10th place will be enough to secure a place at the season-ending tournament .
Cilic had 11 aces and dropped only one point on his first serve .
`` My serving was exceptionally good , I played really aggressive after my serves and I managed to return well a lot of good first serves from Ryan , '' Cilic said . `` To play like this is a very big boost to my confidence . ''
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Trump administration plans to nominate Admiral Harry Harris , the head of the U.S. Pacific Command already nominated to be the next U.S. ambassador to Australia , to fill the long-vacant post of ambassador to South Korea instead , U.S. officials said on Tuesday .
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Navy Admiral Harry Harris Jr , head of the Pacific Command , attends at a Fullerton Lecture on `` Challenges , Opportunities and Innovation in the Indo-Asia-Pacific '' , in Singapore October 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Edgar Su
President Donald Trump 's nominee to be secretary of state , Mike Pompeo , had asked Harris to take the key post in Seoul , which has been vacant since Trump took office in January last year , a source with knowledge of the situation said .
Three U.S. officials confirmed the plan to nominate Harris , who was in Washington on Tuesday for a Senate committee hearing on his Australia nomination . That hearing was postponed indefinitely .
“ The national security situation on the Korean Peninsula is of the highest priority , ” one of the officials said when asked to confirm the switch in nominations . “ Our relationship with Australia is and remains steadfast . ”
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity . The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Trump nominated Harris , who is known for hawkish views on China 's military expansion , to serve as ambassador to Australia in February , but filling the Seoul post has become even more of a priority as diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea 's nuclear weapons have intensified .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is due to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on Thursday and Trump has said he will hold an unprecedented summit with Kim himself in May or June .
Pompeo told his Senate confirmation hearing this month that filling Seoul and a handful of other diplomatic posts required “ immediate attention . ”
“ I will find what I believe to be the best fit to execute America 's diplomatic mission around the world , ” he said .
The White House said in February it was no longer considering Victor Cha , a former official who questioned the wisdom of a preventative military strike on North Korea being mulled by the administration earlier this year .
Harris told the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee last month Washington could not be overly optimistic about the outcome of a Trump-Kim summit and must go into it with “ eyes wide open . ”
He said he was encouraged by the prospect of a summit , but North Korea remained the biggest Asia-Pacific security threat .
Harris said he believed Kim would like to see reunification of the Korean peninsula under his rule , and sought respect , status and security through the possession of nuclear weapons .
Trump said on Tuesday Kim had been “ very honourable ” and discussions on a planned summit were going well , but tempered expectations for any quick denuclearization deal by saying “ it may be we 're all wasting a lot of time . ”
Andrew Shearer , a former Australian national security adviser now at Washington 's Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank , said there would be “ intense disappointment ” in Australia - like South Korea , a U.S. ally - about the switch in nominations .
“ Harris is well known and highly respected there , and his nomination enjoyed strong bipartisan support . There 's no doubt he would have been a highly effective advocate at a time when there is growing debate in Australia about the U.S. alliance and its implications for the country 's substantial economic interests in China .
“ It would be surprising if the Australia government does n't feel let down , ” he said . “ That said , no-one doubts the urgency of the North Korea threat and Canberra has little choice but to take it on the chin . ”
FILE - In this March 25 , 2015 , file photo , U.S. Army soldiers from the 25th Infantry Division 's 2nd Stryker Brigade Combat Team and South Korean soldiers take their position during a demonstration of the combined arms live-fire exercise as a part of the annual joint military exercise Foal Eagle between South Korea and the United States at the Rodriquez Multi-Purpose Range Complex in Pocheon , north of Seoul , South Korea . The Pentagon says the annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1 . Lee Jin-man , File AP Photo
BY ELLIE DETWEILER
The fourth annual live TEDx speaker event held on Friday , April 13 featured talks on mental health , dyslexia , Type 1 diabetes and cannabis legalization under the topic of “ Beginnings . ”
With about 40 attendees , the organization held their event in the Cowles Library Reading Room where admission was $ 5 for Drake students and $ 8 for the general public . Along with each admission ticket came a gift box , including a succulent , a pen and a TEDxDrakeU sticker .
Julie Uram , the president of the TEDxDrakeU organization , is a sophomore studying sustainability and resilience and rhetoric , media and social change . Uram became the president after all of the executive committee graduated her first year when she was the environmental chair for the organization .
“ In the summer , I decided I did n't want ( TEDxDrakeU ) to die so I recruited some friends who were n't over-committed and we 've been kicking it ever since , ” Uram said .
To begin , Logan Spacek , the public relations chair , introduced the event and after a video from the creators of TED Talks , invited the first speaker , Anna Steenson , to speak . Steenson is a junior at Drake studying both music and digital media production and has been an avid researcher of dyslexia since her diagnosis in the 10th grade . Her talk included a personal animation video of what it is like for a dyslexic person to read and master a concept .
“ I know , by unlocking my potential and embracing vibrant diversity , my future is endless , ” Steenson said .
Jessica Booker , a first-year studying psychology , was the second speaker , explaining her relationship to mental health , focused on the idea of misconceptions about depression . Booker was excited to be involved with a TEDx Talk as she enjoys its approachable and easy-to-understand nature of framing the education of new concepts . Booker was diagnosed with depression seven years ago and now uses her platform to educate others on why understanding and respecting someone 's mental illness is crucial to their well-being .
“ Regardless of what the origin is , it 's not our place , as a society , to judge [ mental illness ] as invalid or it does n't exist , ” Booker said . “ Cultural enrichment is always something to improve on . No one knows everything , and one person 's opinion does n't shape the world . ”
Claire Davison , who is attending Drake 's law school next year , shared her research on legalizing marijuana , which was part of her senior honors thesis . Davidson gave a history on the legalization of marijuana , highlighting states like Colorado and California and brought in examples of the opioid crisis .
“ A closer look into this debate opens a number of possibilities , we just have to be willing to build it from the ground up , ” Davidson said to end her talk .
The audience was then invited to help themselves to food and refreshments during intermission and were welcomed back by Nicholas Vollmer and his concept of mind , body and spirit and its implementation in his life .
After a 2017 trip to Nairobi and Mount Kilimanjaro with the organization Above and Beyond Cancer , the third-year pharmacy student found guided meditation and reflection . Inspired by the Dalai Lama , Vollmer led his own two-minute guided meditation for the audience , hoping to inspire them to incorporate their well-being through self-reflection in the future .
Next , Karli Borcherding spoke on her experiences with Type 1 diabetes . The third-year pharmacy student , who was diagnosed at 10 years old , proceeded to join the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation ( JDRF ) which led her to meetings with Olympic medalist Shawn Johnson and actor and activist Michael J . Fox . Borcherding ended with her favorite quote , “ If you can dream it , you can do it , ” said by Walt Disney .
In the past , TEDx only had students , faculty and community members giving speeches . But this year , Tony Loyd , the creator of the Social Entrepreneur Podcast , ended the event with his speech . Residing in Minnesota , Loyd found TEDxDrakeU on Facebook and reached out to Uram . Loyd spoke about how “ Miracles find you while you 're in motion. ” Loyd used various personal examples of using innovative solutions and dedication to a goal to personalize his speech . His career advice for a meaningful life revolved around the question , “ When does your journey begin ? ” and ended his talk with the answer , “ Your journey begins every time you take a step towards your dream . ”
More than 10 students were apparently overcome by heat during rehearsals for the upcoming Music in our Schools choral concert Monday , March 19 , at Foran High School . Students from both high schools and Milford 's three middle schools were in the rehearsal .
Four students fainted , according to a statement from Milford Public Schools , while at least seven more reported feeling ill .
“ It is believed the students fell ill due to overheating while standing on risers under the stage lights , ” according to a statement from Milford Schools .
Emergency medical personnel responded to Foran and took four students to local hospitals for further evaluation . Six of those who reported not feeling well went home with parents , while one felt well enough to return to school , according to a statement from Milford Schools .
Milford Police tweeted that it was “ very hot ” in the auditorium and students “ were overcome by the heat . ”
Rehearsals were ended and classes resumed .
School administrators said they will continue to evaluate the situation .
In light of the events , the concert originally scheduled for Tuesday , March 20 , has been postponed .
School administrators and staff are working to find a future date .
Apple has given a straight-to-series order to a half-hour series about acclaimed 19th century poet Emily Dickinson , Variety has learned .
Hailee Steinfeld will star in the title role . The series is described as a comedic look into Dickinson 's world , exploring the constraints of society , gender , and family from the perspective of a budding writer who does n't fit in to her own time through her imaginative point of view .
Alena Smith serves as writer and executive producer , with David Gordon Green attached to direct and executive produce . Michael Sugar and Ashley Zalta also executive produce via Sugar23 Productions , along with Alex Goldstone for Anonymous Content and Darlene Hunt . The series is produced by Paul Lee 's wiip , Anonymous Content , and Sugar23 .
“ Dickinson ” will mark Steinfeld 's first regular role on a television series . The actress burst onto the scene at just 14 years old with her Oscar-nominated performance in the Coen brothers ' 2010 remake of “ True Grit , ” starring alongside Jeff Bridges and Matt Damon . She also starred in the “ Pitch Perfect ” film franchise , with “ Pitch Perfect 3 ” bowing last year . Her other notable film roles include “ The Edge of Seventeen , ” “ Barely Lethal , ” “ The Homesman , ” and “ Ender 's Game. ” Steinfeld has also enjoyed a successful music career , including her platinum-certified debut single “ Love Myself , ” double-platinum-selling “ Starving ” with Grey featuring Zedd , platinum-selling anthem “ Most Girls , ” and “ Let Me Go ” featuring Florida Georgia Line .
Smith was previously a writer and co-producer on Showtime 's “ The Affair , ” and was also a writer on the acclaimed HBO series “ The Newsroom . ”
Green 's most recent feature directing credit is the 2017 Jake Gyllenhaal drama “ Stronger. ” He has also recently directed episodes of the Amazon comedy “ Red Oaks ” and the HBO comedy “ Vice Principals. ” He is best known for directing films like “ Pineapple Express , ” “ Joe , ” and “ Prince Avalanche . ”
This also marks the latest series order for wiip . Former ABC Entertainment head Lee 's new studio is producing two shows for Facebook Watch : “ Queen America ” starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and an untitled high school girls soccer team drama executive produced by soccer icon Cristiano Ronaldo .
Sugar23 , founded in 2017 by Oscar-winning manager and producer Michael Sugar , has a first-look deal with Anonymous Content , the TV and film production company where Sugar formerly worked . In his time at Anonymous , he shepherded such TV projects as “ Spotlight , ” “ The Knick , ” “ The OA , ” and the upcoming “ Maniac ” on Netflix and “ One Day She 'll Darken ” on TNT .
Steinfeld is repped by CAA and Hirsch , Wallerstein , Hayum , Matlof and Fishman . Smith is repped by CAA and Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum Morris & Klein . Green is repped by CAA and Pryor Cashman .
CBS has quietly expanded the scope of its streaming and on-demand TV service , its own competitor of sorts to Hulu , to now include movies . The lineup at launch is fairly small with just 18 films becoming available , on top of its existing library of 8,500 on-demand episodes of current shows , prior seasons and classic shows from the network 's archive , as well as its CBS All Access original programming .
The movie selection includes a selection of “ Star Trek ” films , plus other titles like “ Up in the Air , ” “ Election , ” and some older movies , like “ Funny Face ” and “ Rosemary 's Baby. ” The titles were licensed from Paramount , the company tells us .
However , CBS says that it plans to add more movies over time , as the service grows .
The company 's streaming strategy so far has been to hold out on selling its content to larger , more popular services like Netflix and Hulu , to instead offer its programming on its own subscription product it calls CBS All Access .
The trouble with that strategy is that CBS only has a handful of top shows – like “ The Good Wife ” or “ Big Bang Theory , ” for example – when compared with how many quality shows are available on a rival service , like Netflix . And CBS won no Emmys last year for its programming – just a few “ Creative Arts ” awards – while Netflix and HBO cleaned up .
Asking cord cutters to pay for yet another subscription just to watch a couple of good shows is a steep request , especially when there are other ways to buy those TV seasons as a one-off – like through Amazon or iTunes .
Plus , several seasons of “ The Good Wife ” are included with an Amazon Prime membership , which makes CBS 's own subscription service less compelling .
But CBS has been expanding its focus beyond just what it 's airing on TV to round out its service for cord cutters . It recently wrapped its first scripted original series , “ The Good Fight ” – a spinoff of “ The Good Wife , ” which was met with praise from critics . And of course , CBS All Access will be the exclusive home in the U.S. to the upcoming new “ Star Trek ” series , arriving this fall , that should attract a good-sized audience of “ Star Trek ” super fans .
The hope is that the millions of existing fans will be willing to pay for CBS All Access primarily to be able to watch this one show . And once there , CBS is thinking about how to engage them in its service more broadly , as well as how to keep them around when the show is in between seasons or when it wraps .
In a recent interview , CBS said there are 20 million U.S. households without a cable TV subscription – the market it believes it can convince trying its streaming product .
However , for that service to be worthwhile , it needs to have a mix of content – meaning , more than just TV .
“ We 've begun to expand CBS All Access 's content offering to include a selection of film titles relevant to our audience , such as a number of films from the Star Trek franchise , ” explains Marc DeBevoise , President and COO of CBS Interactive . “ Our goal for CBS All Access is to provide and continually build a well-rounded service for our subscribers . ”
In addition to TV shows , CBS All Access Originals , and now movies , CBS 's bet on live streaming TV means its viewers can also watch live events , including sports , through the CBS All Access service . Live TV is an area where many of the newer live TV services are now competing for viewers , including Sling TV , DirecTV Now , PlayStation Vue , YouTube TV and soon , Hulu live TV .
The movie lineup at present is fairly unremarkable compared with the vast selections on Netflix and Amazon , but it signals CBS 's intent to be more than just a port of CBS television content to an over-the-top offering .
CBS did n't officially announce the addition of films , but the blog Cord Cutter News spotted them in the app . CBS confirms that they are indeed new , and hit the service on Thursday .
The company would not say how often it plans to add more movies , but its focus at launch is bringing the films to those who are watching on their iPhones and TVs . Initially , the movies will be available on iOS and Windows mobile devices and tablets , plus Roku , Xbox , PS4 , Android TV , Amazon Fire TV and Chromecast . In the coming weeks , they will also arrive on Android ( mobile ) and Apple TV .
Documentary filmmaker Bruce Brown , known for surfing movie “ Endless Summer , ” died Sunday in Santa Barbara , Calif. of natural causes , his official website reported . He was 80 .
Brown was born in San Francisco and grew up on Long Beach , Calif. before briefly moving to Hawaii where he began making films and worked with submarines for the U.S. Navy . Brown became a documentary filmmaker and released his first film “ Slippery When Wet ” in 1958 . He was Oscar nominated for the 1971 motorcycle racing film “ On Any Sunday , ” on which Steve McQueen was a producer .
The 1966 “ Endless Summer ” was narrated by Brown and starring surfers and board shapers Mike Hynson and Robert August .
Coming out at the height of the Beach Boys ' popularity , “ The Endless Summer , ” with its distinctive pink and orange pop art poster , turned surf culture into a sun-kissed dream lifestyle that swept the world .
In 1994 , Brown made “ The Endless Summer II , ” retracing the footsteps of the original surfers and looking at how the coastline had changed from California to South Africa . His surf films were staples
“ At the time , surfers were considered losers . You did n't want to tell anyone you were a surfer , ” Brown , a life-long surfer himself , said in an interview with the Orange County Register . “ It showed the general public we were good guys . ”
Bruce Brown , legendary filmmaker of The Endless Summer , inspired many to surf and follow their dreams pic.twitter.com/njRmY9Qzc9 — World Surf League ( @ wsl ) December 11 , 2017
In 2009 , Brown was inducted into the Surfers ' Hall of Fame and was awarded the first Surfing Heritage and Cultural Center Lifetime Achievement Award in 2014 . In 2015 , the Smithsonian Institute held an exhibit called “ Wave of Innovation : Surfing and the Endless Summer . ”
“ I think he helped shape our culture . He gave us all that idealized lifestyle , ” Barry Haun , creative director for the Surfing Heritage and Culture Center , told the Los Angeles Daily News . “ It 's always summer . You go , ‘ That 's what I want . I want it to always be warm and sunny and fun . ' I think that was the main thing , he made it look really fun . ”
As a professional juggler , Michael Rayner has a lot of work-related tax deductions each year , including $ 700 for the cheeseburgers he spins atop parasols , 30,000 travel miles and $ 220 for liability insurance , just in case one of the pins or flaming torches he flips into the air should somehow stray into the audience .
His wife , actress and voiceover artist Moira Quirk , also has a wealth of business-related deductions , the most significant of which is the 10 % commission she pays her agent . And they write off 25 % of the mortgage and expenses for their North Hollywood house for their respective home offices , which include a recording booth for her and rehearsal and juggling supply storage areas for him .
Now , the massive tax bills passed by the House and the Senate ( 429 and 479 pages , respectively ) earlier this month have thrown the future of these write-offs into question , casting a cloud of fear and uncertainty over the financial fates of Rayner and other workaday entertainment pros . The panic has been amplified by a widely shared Facebook posting erroneously asserting that deductions for unreimbursed business expenses were being eliminated for small businesses and the self-employed .
“ I 've already sent a letter out to my tax guy , ” says Rayner . “ I do n't think he even knows what 's in [ the bills ] yet . There are so many weird caveats once you get deeper and deeper . ”
From actors to art department draughtsmen , people in the biz count on business deductions to keep their personal books balanced , whether they 're traditional write-offs like phone , travel and lodging expenses , the cost of headshots , or the vintage Sylvester Stallone doll Rayner uses in his act , purchased on Ebay for $ 75 .
“ Our members do n't start on a level playing field with other middle- and working-class people to begin with because we spend anywhere from 10 to 30 % of our income on ordinary and necessary business expenses , ” says tax attorney Sandra Karas , the treasurer for Actors ' Equity , the labor union representing actors and stage managers . “ Some guy who works at Walgreen 's who makes $ 30,000 working full-time does n't have any [ of those ] expenses . ”
For Rayner , there 's good news and bad news , according to a group of entertainment business managers surveyed by Variety . Since almost all of his work ( save for things like a recent appearance on CBS ' “ The Late Late Show with James Corden ” ) is done as an independent contractor , his business expenses will still be deductible under the proposed new laws , which apply to income earned after Dec. 31 , 2017 . But most of Quirk 's work ( apart from audiobooks ) is done for film , TV and videogame productions , which hire her as an employee , and employees will no longer be able to deduct unreimbursed expenses – including agent fees .
There is a solution : form an S-Corporation ( a.k.a . a “ loan out corporation ” or a “ pass-through business ” ) that contracts with the studios for their work . With this set-up , people are technically an employee of their own corporation , not the studio or any other entity paying for their services , and are thus able to deduct business expenses .
Jack Gill says experienced stunt coordinators such as himself are typically hired via loan-outs , which will enable them to continue to write off the cost of rehearsal props ( rubber guns , rifles and knives ) and body pads , martial arts instruction , driving school and the occasional motorcycle and car used to practice stunts . But what about the up-and-comers without loan-out corporations trying to gain a foothold in the industry , for whom this equipment and training – and its affordability – is probably even more vital ?
Business manager Evan Bell of Bell & Co. says he used to recommend that individuals form loan-out corporations if they were making $ 125,000 a year or more . Now , he 's recommending it for all his show business clients .
It 's easy and relatively cheap – a person can go to web sites like LegalZoom.com and Incfile.com and establish a corporation for less $ 500 .
“ The drawback is that you 'll need two sets of books , and if you do it yourself , you 'll pay me for doing two tax returns – your personal and your corporate , ” says Bell . “ But , with the new law , all of my fees are still deductible if you have a loan-out. ” Otherwise , tax preparation fees will no longer be a write-off .
But studios wo n't hire execs , administrators and other traditional 9-to-5'ers through loan-out corporations , business managers say . The same goes for many below-the-line film and TV workers ( those in the crafts , grip and electrical departments and other production support roles ) , according to supervising location manager Ilt Jones ( “ Transformers , ” “ Kong : Skull Island ” ) .
“ In theory , if you pay someone as an independent contractor and that person flakes out and does n't pay their taxes , the studio could be held liable by the IRS , ” explains business manager Peter Mainstain , co-founder and managing partner of Tanner Mainstain Glynn .
“ This is iniquitous in my opinion because they are basically saying that people like high-priced actors and influential above-the-line people are trustworthy and the rest of us are not , ” says Jones .
In the TV news business , all but the biggest stars are denied the privilege of using loan-out corporations . So that means that , under the proposed tax laws , Bell 's media personality client earning a $ 4 million annual salary will no longer be able to deduct the 30 % they pay in commissions – 10 % agent , 10 % management , 5 % attorney and 5 % business manager – resulting in close to $ 700,000 in additional taxes , a 66 % increase over what they would pay under the current law . If an anchor or on-air personality pays a retainer for a personal publicist , that will no longer be deductible , either .
But even if someone is allowed to use a loan-out corporation , that does n't necessarily make it economically feasible , argues Karas . She says that in addition to the $ 2000 to $ 2500 annual cost of maintaining corporate compliance , there are likely to be additional business taxes and fees in the various cities and/or states people work in .
“ I just did a tax return for someone who had to file in four states in addition to her own , and she only earned 12k last year , all-in , from show biz , ” says Karas .
Also , while those with loan-out corporations pay into the unemployment insurance system , they ca n't collect for themselves when they 're out of work .
“ We have some members who live for more than a half a year on unemployment some years , ” points out Karas .
As the tax bill moves into the joint conference committee , Actors ' Equity is encouraging members to contact their representatives . Meanwhile , its sister union , SAG-AFTRA , is urging Congress to save the Qualified Performing Artist ( QPA ) tax deduction , which allows lower income performing artists to write off qualified business expenses , including advertising , travel , and agent and manager commissions , as an above-the-line ( non-itemized ) deduction .
To qualify , one must earn $ 200 or more in wages from at least two employers and have business expenses exceeding 10 % of their income from their work as performing artists . They must also have an adjusted gross income of $ 16,000 or less – a number that has n't changed since the QPA was enacted in 1986 – and not be married and filing separately .
The income limit on the QPA deduction may seem too like it 's too low to be feasible for all but the most work-famished of starving actors , but the biz can be boomed or bust even for veteran TV series regulars like Evan Handler ( “ Californication , ” “ Sex and the City ” ) .
“ Some years I earn in the [ top ] 1 % and some years I earn in the bottom of the middle class , ” admits Handler . “ I do n't have a business manager . I never have . I have an accountant who works in New Jersey that I 've never met . ”
Handler is relieved to hear that his loan corporation , created in 1998 primarily so he could establish a retirement plan , will allow him to keep his business deductions . But he 's still worried about how he 'll be affected by other changes in the offing , such as those for mortgage interest deductions , which differ in the House and Senate versions of tax bills .
It 's not all sunshine , yachts and roses for the 1 % , either .
“ If you 're a high-income taxpayer , you 're going to lose , ” says Mainstain .
One of Mainstain 's clients has stock options that will vest next year , incurring some significant state income taxes , which will no longer be deductible on his federal return if the new tax laws are enacted .
“ We 're talking a seven-figure difference in his net take-home pay , ” says Mainstain .
According to Bell , the new laws will also remove the ability to deduct “ activities ” to entertain business associates , which is a very popular write-off for many in the industry , including Bell , who pays $ 30,000 a year for his New York Knicks season tickets . However , 50 percent of the cost of client meals will still be deductible .
Handler says at this point it 's impossible for him or anyone else to know the full extent of the tax reform bills potential impact given their complexity , their haphazard writing-in-the-margins assembly and the need to reconcile the differences between the House and Senate versions .
“ What is clear to me is that I 'm screwed , ” laments Handler . But what concerns him more , he says , is “ the movement in the country in the last year away from any investment in inviting people in to establish themselves as future contributors to our culture . This is another step in that direction . ”
QUETTA , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Three suicide bombers attacked Pakistani police and paramilitary soldiers in the southwestern city of Quetta on Tuesday , killing six police and wounding 15 members of the security forces , officials said .
One bomber detonated his explosives near a police truck , provincial police chief Moazzam Jah Ansari said . Seven police officers were wounded in that attack .
“ It is a suicide attack , and we have a confirmation that six of our police officials are dead , ” Ansari told Reuters .
Half an hour earlier , two suicide bombers tried to attack a paramilitary checkpoint on the city 's outskirts , but troops deployed there engaged them , a paramilitary officer said .
He said the troops had opened fire at the attackers , who detonated their explosives , wounding eight soldiers . Both the suicide bombers died , he said on condition of anonymity because the army was due to issue an official statement .
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks .
Quetta is the capital city of the southwestern province of Baluchistan , which has been plagued by violence .
Islamist militants linked to the Taliban , al Qaeda and Islamic State have been operating in the province , which borders Iran as well as Afghanistan . It also has an indigenous ethnic Baloch insurgency fighting the central government .
Islamic State has created a branch in Pakistan and Afghanistan , mostly by recruiting among break away factions of other established militant groups . Its followers have claimed some of Pakistan 's most deadly recent attacks .
Six members of Pakistan 's tiny Christian minority community , four of them from the same family , and two people from the Shi'ite Muslim minority were gunned down in Quetta this month .
In December two suicide bombers stormed a packed church in southwestern Pakistan , killing at least 10 people and wounding up to 56 .
Pakistan a nuclear armed nation of 208 million people has for some time seen a decrease in militant violence , but the Islamists , who want to install their own harsh brand of Islamic law , remain potent .
SYDNEY , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - An Australian court on Friday dismissed a suit accusing Crown Resorts Ltd , the biggest listed casino operator outside China , and slot machine maker Aristocrat Leisure Ltd of giving gamblers misleading information on chances of winning .
The ruling , on grounds of lack of specific evidence , is a small but high-visibility win for Crown , controlled by billionaire James Packer , which has battled unproven claims of poker machine fixing and encouraging problem gambling at its flagship Melbourne casino .
Australian regulators have said they would investigate the claims , which Crown denies .
A Federal Court judge said Shonica Guy , who described herself as a former gambling addict , had raised important questions about how casinos treat problem gamblers but failed to prove the defendants ' misleading or unconscionable conduct .
“ My findings ... do not diminish the tragedies involved in the accounts given by Ms Guy and the other lay witnesses , ” the judge , Debra Mortimer , wrote .
“ However ... most of this evidence was not specific enough to contribute to proving the allegations made . ”
A spokeswoman for Crown had no immediate comment .
Guy was “ grateful for the opportunity to have had my day in court on behalf of all Australians who have been hurt by the pokies , ” she said in a statement issued by her law firm .
The firm , Maurice Blackburn , said it was “ proud that our case has been able to play a role in the conversation we must continue to have ” about problem gambling , but did not say if it would renew action in the courts .
Crown is especially reliant on keeping a positive reputation in Australia since the jailing of more than a dozen of its staff in China , for selling gambling holidays there , prompted it to quit all offshore interests and focus on its home market .
Guy had not sought damages but wanted instead court-ordered declarations that Crown and Aristocrat engaged in misleading conduct and a ban on a certain slot machine in its current configuration .
The filing said a slot machine called Dolphin Treasure at Crown 's Melbourne casino suggested its five “ reels ” had the same number of characters but one column had substantially more , lowering a gambler 's chance of a win .
But a reasonable gambler would get a realistic idea of the chances of winning “ as soon as she or he actually starts gambling and the randomness of the operation of the machine and the returns become apparent ” , Justice Mortimer wrote .
While Guy 's evidence was credible , she added , “ the absence of specific evidence from individuals claiming to have been exploited or victimised during gambling sessions at Crown Casino because of the identified features of the Dolphin Treasure ( machine ) substantially affected the strength of the applicant 's case ” .
In a statement , Aristocrat said it welcomed the decision and would continue backing “ balanced and fact-based harm minimisation initiatives ” . ( Reporting by Byron Kaye ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
2 days ago by Mark Kane
Interested in a Model S station wagon ? Here is your chance !
A recent episode of Fully Charged News highlighted a British project developing a Tesla Model S estate wagon – and not just for a one-off project , but possibly a 25 unit production run , provided others are also interested in such a thing .
Even former Lotus , McLaren and Jaguar folks are engaged in the project .
The completion of the first unit is expected in October or November .
Watch the video from 13:15 .
According to the build notes , a new composite rear end will likely both lower the weight of the Model S , and also improve aero ( which of course would give the S even more range ) .
We are not sure whether the wagon version will meet all expectations , as the Model S is already one of the most versatile and roomy cars on the market today ( EV or not ) , but we 'll give it a try !
The memo was released on Friday . And it proved … the Watergate Three were being laughably ridiculous .
The three men were talking about a then-secret memo , written by aides to Devin Nunes , chair of the House of Representatives ' intelligence committee , that alleges the FBI and Justice Department committed wrongdoing during their investigation of the Trump campaign 's links to Russia .
“ This is a scandal that will make Watergate look like a little spat in the kindergarten sandpit , ” said former White House aide Sebastian Gorka .
James Comey , director of the FBI during the period depicted in the memo , is not a disinterested observer here . But his assessment was right on the mark : “ That 's it ? ”
The most astonishing thing about the memo is not some shocking new fact . ( The memo contains none . ) It 's that a partisan document , written by pro-Trump Republicans and declassified by Trump himself , actually ends up weakening Trump 's case that the probe is tainted .
The four-page memo not only fails to reveal a titanic scandal . It reveals no scandal at all . And that is even if you take it at face value — even though the FBI says it contains “ material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo 's accuracy . ”
Here 's what the memo alleges .
When the FBI went to a special intelligence court seeking a warrant to conduct surveillance of Carter Page , a former Trump campaign adviser , an “ essential ” part of its application was uncorroborated information from the famous “ dossier ” produced by Christopher Steele , a former top British spy dealing with Russia-related matters .
Steele , the memo continues , loathed Trump and wanted him defeated , and he was being paid for his work by the Democratic Party . The FBI did not inform the intelligence court of the “ political origins ” of the dossier . FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe admitted to the committee that no warrant would have been sought without information from the dossier .
There are numerous reasons for suspicion of the memo 's claims .
Page , according to news reports , had been a subject of FBI interest for at least three years before the dossier came out ; a 2015 court case included intercepted 2013 exchanges in which Russian spies discussed efforts to recruit Page . It is unclear that the initial warrant application relied exclusively on the dossier — again , the FBI says the memo omits critical facts — let alone that applications for renewing the surveillance did so .
Further , Democrats on the House intelligence committee said Friday that McCabe never said what the memo claims he said . Nunes has a history of partisan distortion .
Read more :
Everything you need to know about that GOP memo Trump just declassified
Read the controversial GOP memo at the centre of Trump 's bitter fight with the FBI
Analysis | Donald Trump is in an extraordinary showdown with his own FBI
But even if the memo is believed in its entirety , it is nothing close to a bombshell .
Steele was already known to be opposed to a Trump victory ( on account of what he saw as Trump being compromised by Russia ) . The dossier was already known to have been funded by Democrats . Judges , of course , found the applications sufficiently convincing to grant warrants .
It is possible that the FBI should have disclosed that Democratic money was paying Steele . But , as explained by University of Southern California law professor Orin Kerr , there is a long history of judges in warrant cases not caring that informants may have had a bias .
“ In the world of actual law , there needs to be a good reason for the judge to think , once informed of the claim of bias , that the informant was just totally making it up , ” he wrote . “ What matters is whether , based on the totality of the circumstances , the information came from a credible source . ”
The memo itself notes that Steele had a “ past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters . ”
In fact , it is the credibility of Trump 's allies that takes the biggest hit from the memo .
Near the end , the memo says in passing that the FBI investigation was “ triggered ” by information from George Papadopoulos , the former Trump adviser who has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his communications with Russia .
Trump allies say the whole probe is poisoned because it started with a biased dossier . Nunes confirmed that this is not what happened .
The memo episode has dominated U.S. political media for much of an otherwise eventful week in American news . The blanket coverage is another testament to the oft-irrational power of the “ secret . ”
Had Nunes simply declared that he had evidence that the FBI asked for a warrant based on information from Steele , and that he had evidence Steele was no fan of Trump , he would have received little coverage . Only because the information was put in a classified memo , a memo framed as shocking by professional spinners , did it acquire mythical status .
It may , of course , end up being important despite its emptiness . Even as experts scoffed , Republicans continued to use it as a pretext for their attacks on special counsel Robert Mueller 's probe .
On Friday , Trump said “ a lot of people should be ashamed. ” Asked if he still has confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , he said , “ You figure that one out . ”
Firing Rosenstein would clear the way for him to fire Mueller .
Vanessa Marano and Danny Ramirez have been cast in the pilot of the upcoming anthology series “ DOT , ” Variety has learned exclusively .
The series hails from Gary O. Bennett and Alyssa Rallo Bennett 's Stonestreet Studios , with Gary serving as writer on the series and Alyssa directing . The 50 episode anthology series will tackle women 's issues across the United States . Each episode , without taking sides and inspired by real life news stories , will dramatize a personal story as it relates to the cultural , political and legal environment in each of the fifty states .
The pilot episode , “ Texas , ” introduces Milla Hart ( Marano ) , a high school senior who is a few weeks pregnant and living with her conservative parents in the heart of Texas . Her boyfriend , Lucas Cruz ( Ramirez ) , wants to be part of deciding what their future will be , but ultimately the two come to disagree on what to do . With the state antagonizing their options and beliefs , this young couple 's decisions do n't come easy . Production will begin July 17 in New York City .
Marano previously starred in the Freeform series “ Switched at Birth. ” She is also known for her roles in shows like “ The Young and the Restless , ” “ Gilmore Girls , ” and “ The Comeback . ”
Related Emmy Weekend : ICM 's Saturday Brunch at the Silbermann 's Emmys : 70 Actors , 12 Awards — Who Has the Best Odds ?
She is repped by Paradigm , Marano Entertainment , and Morris Yorn .
Ramirez recently starred in the film “ Assassination Nation. ” He has also appeared on shows like Fox 's “ The Gifted ” and the Netflix shows “ Orange Is the New Black ” and “ On my Block . ”
He is repped by Abrams Artists Agency and Industry Entertainment Partners .
Stonestreet Studios , founded in 1991 , is an independent film studio which houses the exclusive screen acting and production conservatory partner of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts Drama program . The studio has trained over 5,000 young actors , including Ramirez , who spent 2 years at Stonestreet and support the studio along with fellow alums including Miles Teller , Rachel Brosnahan , Camila Mendes , Beanie Feldstein , Jack Falahee , Idina Menzel , Selma Blair , and many others .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Ping An Bank Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT GETS BANKING REGULATOR 'S APPROVAL TO APPOINT XIANG YOUZHI AS CFO Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2E4dbfB Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Creative , The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc. , 31 Merrick Avenue , Suite 60 , Merrick , NY 11566 , Tel . 516-378-0800 . Form 3579 is requested . Second Class postage paid at New York , NY and additional mailing offices . Send address changes to Creative , 31 Merrick Avenue , Suite 60 , Merrick , NY 11566 or via E-mail .
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display , Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs . The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $ 30.00 in the United States and $ 50.00 in all other countries . The single copy price is $ 4.00 in the United States . The Annual Illustrated Guide is $ 20.00 .
When you consider the hallmarks of a quintessentially '90s childhood , a collage of first-generation Game Boys , Lunchables , and of course , classic pre-teen films probably comes immediately to mind ( bedazzled scrunchies included , obviously ) . But with the long list of Disney Channel original movies leaving Netflix in May , it 's time to get ready to kick your millennial nostalgia for everything fromThe Cheetah Girls to Wizards of Waverly Place into unapologetic hyperdrive .
After all , these are the iconic stories that first introduced us to some of pop culture 's most irresistible teen talents like Selena Gomez , Hilary Duff , Miley Cyrus , the Jonas Brothers , and Demi Lovato , among many others . So while it 's absolutely time to grab a ( spiked ? ) Hi-C , call your crew , and add every single one of these movies to your watch list as soon as possible , there 's no doubt these unforgettable hits will live eternally in the beating heart of the DCOM generation .
Ahead , find every Disney Channel original movie leaving Netflix on May 2 . And if this feels like losing a little , sentimental sliver of your youth , do n't worry . As the universe 's favorite love-crossed High School Musical crooners would sing , here 's hoping that even the saddest partings are always just the `` start of something new . ''
1 'Cow Belles ' tifferz12304 on YouTube Super-spoiled Taylor and Courtney Callum grew up getting everything they wanted from their widowed father . But when the family business is imperiled , it 's the girls ' mission to save family fortune — and to learn a classic Disney lesson about hard work along the way .
2 'Camp Rock ' DisneyMoviesOnDemand on YouTube Demi Lovato joins the Jonas Brothers at Disney 's unforgettable Camp Rock — a summer refuge for musically-talented teens to battle it out on stage . Just watch out for those Connect 3 boys .
3 'Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam ' DisneyMoviesOnDemand on YouTube Join Lovato and the JoBros for another summer at Camp Rock . When their retreat is threatened by flashy Camp Star , Camp Rock 's musical teens will have to save the place they love through a televised talent competition .
4 'The Cheetah Girls ' TCGvideos on YouTube Relive every childhood girl band fantasy with all three Cheetah Girls movies , which follow high-schoolers Galleria , Chanel , Dorinda , and Aqua as their group navigates sudden fame and its many rhinestone-studded pitfalls .
5 'Geek Charming ' disneychannel on YouTube Starring Sarah Hyland , Geek Charming captures what happens when Josh Rosen ( Matt Prokop ) starts filming a documentary about his school 's most untouchable Queen Bee — just as her world comes crashing apart .
6 'High School Musical ' Nevilleboy1 on YouTube East High School 's Troy and Gabriella seem like perfect opposites . Troy , played by Zac Efron , is a popular basketball all-star , while Vanessa Hudgens ' Gabriella is a quiet , nerdy outsider . But when the two meet at a New Year 's Eve karaoke party , cliques will collide — especially when the two find themselves cast together in the drama club 's big musical .
7 'High School Musical 2 ' WadUp5 on YouTube And once you 've finished the original , make a double-feature with High School Musical 2 . When Troy takes a summer job at Sharpay 's parent 's ritzy country club , he 'll have to weigh a tempting basketball scholarship against his love for his friends and his relationship with Gabriella . Playing alongside Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale , Efron never made the trials of young love look more heartbreaking .
8 'Jump In ! ' JumpInOfficial on YouTube Starring High School Musical alum Corbin Bleu , Jump In ! tells the story of Izzy — a double-dutch prodigy whose father dreams of his son carrying on the family 's champion boxing legacy . Though Izzy 's parents discover his secret love for jumping rope , he 'll have to learn to balance passion and talent against the burden of generational expectations .
9 'Princess Protection Program ' DisneyMoviesOnDemand on YouTube Gomez and Lovato star opposite one another in this classic Disney tale of rivals-turned-besties . After Princess Rosalinda María Montoya Fiore , played by Lovato , is whisked away from the turmoil of her own nation , she must hide out on a bait farm in Louisiana — the home of low-key high-schooler Carter Mason , who dreams of going to the homecoming dance with her crush . Buckle up for swapped identities , extravagant prom dresses , and an attempted political coupe or two .
10 'Read It & Weep ' Bohemian Babe on YouTube Based on Julia DeVillers ' novel How My Private , Personal Journal Became A Bestseller , 2006 's Read It & Weep tells the story of the accidental publication of Jamie Bartlett 's salacious high school diary . When fame and fortune cause her life to fall apart , Jamie must put it all right again , starting , of course , at the big school dance .
11 'Wendy Wu : Homecoming Warrior ' DisneyMoviesOnDemand on YouTube Wendy Wu is her high school 's favorite popular girl . But when a mysterious Chinese monk arrives to train Wu as an unbeatable kung fu warrior , she 'll have to learn to save the world from evil and win that homecoming queen crown .
12 'Cadet Kelly ' HilaryDuffLatinoA on YouTube In 2002 's Cadet Kelly , a fresh-faced Hilary Duff plays a city-dwelling fashion queen devastatingly sent off to military school in the country after her mom re-marries . A perfect re-watch for anyone who can remember feeling a little ( or a lot ) out of place during your teen years .
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
0:54 Lag putting
( Compares with analysts ' estimate , adds detail , share movement )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. refiner Phillips 66 on Friday beat analysts ' quarterly profit estimates , largely helped by higher refining margins .
The company said realized refining margins rose to $ 8.98 per barrel in the fourth quarter , from $ 6.47 a year earlier .
Excluding one-time items , the company earned $ 1.07 per share , beating analysts ' average estimate of 86 cents , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Phillips 66 's profit surged in the quarter as the refiner benefited from a $ 2.74 billion gain due to the recent changes in the U.S. tax law .
Refiners are likely to outshine other energy segments in 2018 as they benefit from a surge in U.S. oil production and rack up among the biggest gains from the recent corporate tax cuts , analysts said ahead of the earnings season .
Smaller rivals Valero Energy Corp and Marathon Petroleum Corp reported better-than-expected earnings on Thursday and said they expected strong global economic growth to spur demand for oil in 2018 .
Phillips 66 's consolidated earnings rose to $ 3.2 billion , or $ 6.25 per share , in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $ 163 million , or 31 cents per share , a year earlier .
The company 's shares were marginally up in light premarket trade on Friday .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Spain 's Caixabank :
* SAYS LOOKING AT OPTIONS FOR THE SALE OF STAKE IN BPI ‘ S BFA
* CAIXBANK HOLDS A 84.5 PERCENT IN BPI , WHICH HAS 48 PERCENT STAKE IN BFA Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Madrid Newsroom )
OROVILLE , Calif. ( AP )  California sheriff : Nearly 200,000 residents evacuated near dam can return home but should stay prepared .
Advertisement
Audio Interview John Embry Warns The Grand Illusion Is Starting To Unravel from King World News
After Friday 's nearly 700 point decline in the Dow , John Embry just warned the grand illusion is finally starting to unravel .
The Grand Illusion
February 3 ( King World News ) – John Embry : “ Let 's face it , the US economy is in big trouble , despite what people read and hear from the mainstream media .
John joined the $ 7 billion strong firm SAM as Chief Investment Strategist in 2003 , with a focus on the Sprott Gold and Precious Minerals Fund . He plays an instrumental role in the corporate and investment policy of the firm .
Audio Interview Here > > >
Sharing is caring !
President Trump has signaled a desire to reduce the burden caused by environmental regulations . An executive order issued Jan. 30 requires that two rules be identified for repeal for every new rule proposed . He issued another executive order Feb. 24 announcing that it is the official policy of the U.S. to alleviate unnecessary regulatory burdens . At the same time , though , the president has stated he wants to reinvigorate the manufacturing and oil and gas development sectors , while also shortening the environmental review process for major infrastructure projects .
Against this backdrop , both President Trump and Mr. Pruitt of EPA have stated that they want to refocus EPA on its core mission of ensuring clean air and water . But , as manufacturing , oil and gas , and infrastructure projects are constructed , the question arises as to how EPA will ensure -- and whether EPA can assure -- that its core mission of clean air and water will be achieved .
Some answers are found in a recent justification for its Fiscal Year 2018 budget submitted by EPA to Congress . Overall , the proposal reduces EPA 's budget to about $ 5.6 billion , down about $ 2.6 billion below 2017 . In the area of enforcing laws and assuring compliance , EPA provided details about enforcement and monitoring .
EPA will focus its compliance monitoring activities , such as field inspections , on those programs that are not delegated to states . As permitting and enforcement duties of most major environmental programs , such as the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act , are already delegated to the states , this seems to suggest that EPA does not plan to conduct many inspections in these areas in states with these delegated programs .
EPA will also focus its enforcement program resources on its direct implementation responsibilities and the most significant violations . Direct implementation responsibilities include programs that are not delegable or where a state does not have authority to implement a particular program . EPA provided examples of the Clean Air Act mobile source program and enforcement on tribal lands . Further , it will refocus efforts from areas where significant progress has been made to areas that address the most substantial impacts to human health .
If EPA does intend to focus its compliance monitoring and enforcement activities as just described , it would seem that the states will continue to conduct enforcement in delegated areas . But the budget justification document also points out that EPA plans to reduce grants to the states , much of which are used for enforcement purposes , from about $ 3.6 billion to about $ 2.9 billion .
A reduction in enforcement will possibly lead to at least two outcomes . First , citizen suits may increase . These are suits by individuals to enforce environmental laws , because the agency responsible for enforcement is not addressing violations . Historically , citizen suits have been successful in extracting injunctive relief and penalties from alleged violators while increasing transactional costs , such as attorneys ' fees . A second possible outcome is that citizens will consistently complain to an agency about a facility in an attempt to have the state agency conduct inspections . As most states have policies requiring an inspection when a complaint is filed , this tactic could be effective in generating some enforcement action by the state .
While many may cheer or at least support a reduction in burdensome regulations , many also do not want to roll back regulations that have been effective in ensuring clean air and water , nor do they want to see ineffective compliance monitoring and enforcement . Only time and a final budget will tell if EPA can reduce regulations and compliance efforts and still achieve its core mission .
John B . King is a partner with Breazeale , Sachse & Wilson LLP in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . His practice relates mainly to environmental regulatory permitting and compliance . Prior to joining the firm in 2003 , he served as chief attorney for enforcement for the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality .
For more information , visit www.Bswenviroblog.com or contact John B . King at jbk @ bswllp.com or ( 225 ) 381-8014 .
View in Digital Edition
On Tuesday , Shanghai-based food-ordering company ele.me announced that it had been granted a license to deliver food using drones , a first in the country .
So far , authorities have approved 17 drone-powered delivery routes over an industrial zone in Shanghai . Consumers will be able to order meals from 100 merchants via their smartphones . Restaurant staff will be responsible for placing the orders inside the drones at specific launch locations . When the drones reach designated delivery points , employees at those locations will be responsible for delivering the orders to customers .
Although human power will still be needed , delivering meals using drones is expected to decrease operating costs significantly . The drones will be used to deliver about 70 percent of all restaurant orders in about 20 minutes — 10 minutes fewer than the usual 30 minute-delivery time . Delivery personnel will also have to drive only 15 percent of their original routes .
​During a global unmanned systems conference in China last year , the company announced that their E7 drone model can reportedly carry up to six kilos of food and fly at a maximum speed of 65 kilometers per hour . It can also travel up to 20 kilometers when fully loaded .
`` The launch of drone delivery shows that the future of logistics has become a reality , and it also shows that logistics is shifting from a labor-intensive sector to one that is technology-powered , '' Kang Jia , the company 's chief operating officer , said in statement Tuesday .
— The Mixing Bowl ( @ Mixingbowlhub ) May 29 , 2018
​Ele.me has also recently developed autonomous food delivery robots , which will make their debut later this year .
`` The company aims to introduce its second-generation food delivery robots , which will cover more than 500 office buildings in major Chinese cities later this year , '' Ele.me chief operating officer Kang Jia said in a Tuesday statement .
I 'm fortunate . I work from home and I enjoy that benefit . If there 's a downside , it would be the noise or lack thereof . It can be energizing to have the subtle din of fellow workers sending emails , making calls , thinking out loud . You know…working .
As I sit in my shop , by myself , too often I 've succumbed to the deafening silence . While I could stream music from my laptop , I prefer to not tax my bandwidth . Playing music from my cell phone would work as well , but it is also serving as my primary office phone… and I do n't want to miss a call .
For those reasons , and more , I 've fallen in love with my Air Scan from Sporty 's Pilot Shop .
Depending on my mood , I can easily select any radio station ( AM or FM ) I care to listen to .
While my home is too far to reliably pick up communications from the nearest airports , I do occasionally pickup an airliner passing overhead on its way into or out of KSEA thanks to the Aviation Interrupt feature .
With Aviation Interrupt activated , the Air Scan continuously scans for aviation transmissions on up to 10 preset frequencies and breaks into those communications , then returns me to what I was listening to before the interruption . That is so cool .
In addition to AM/FM radio , I could easily plop it on the workbench at the airport and listen to CTAF while streaming music via Bluetooth . I can connect music via the aux-in jack or out to a surround sound system .
To be honest , the feature I like best are the Air Scan 's buttons . I appreciate the large buttons that make controlling the unit a snap . I love the sound of our family 's UE Boom wireless speaker , but it 's frustrating to pair it with my iPhone once my daughter and her friends have rung it out . Not so with the Air Scan . Easy is good .
Well done Sporty 's Pilot Shop .
The Air Scan package includes the Air Scan radio , 110V wall plug , telescoping BNC antenna , and is priced at $ 139.95 .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Steinhoff International Holdings Nv :
* ‍STEPHANUS JOHANNES GROBLER AND MARIZA NEL HAVE RESIGNED AS DIRECTORS OF COMPANY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​‍​
* LOUIS DU PREEZ AND FRANS JOHANNES GELDENHUYS , HAVE BEEN APPOINTED AS DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The markets review was spurred by President Donald Trump 's February executive order calling for a broad rethink of financial regulations . Photo : AP
Washington : The Trump administration is set to release its blueprint for overhauling regulation of US markets , an expansive list of priorities that touches on the stock , bond and derivatives trading that fuels Walls Street profits .
The report , being prepared by the treasury department , could come as early as Friday , according to people familiar with the matter . Rather than making specific demands , the document is meant to be a road map for agencies as they streamline rules , the people said .
While some of the changes would require congressional action , most could be accomplished by re-writing regulations , said the people , who requested anonymity because the study has n't been released .
The markets review was spurred by President Donald Trump 's February executive order calling for a broad rethink of financial regulations . Treasury issued a separate report on bank oversight reforms in June , and another on asset managers is set to be released in the coming days .
Opposition anticipated
While many of the suggestions in the markets study are likely to be embraced by the financial industry , Democratic lawmakers and investor advocates are expected to oppose the recommendations . They 've been critical of the Republican administration 's attempts to cut Wall Street regulations , especially those enacted in response to the financial crisis .
Still , the report wo n't seek a wholesale rollback . Instead , it will propose adjustments to rules stemming from two laws that tightened capital markets oversight , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 .
Two Trump appointees , Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Jay Clayton and Commodity Futures Trading Commission chairman Chris Giancarlo , will be charged with carrying out many of the recommendations , the people said .
Both agencies saw their oversight roles expanded by Dodd-Frank , with the CFTC being given responsibility for policing the massive over-the-counter derivatives market . The two chairmen appointed by Trump are aligned with the administration 's goal of dialling back some of those rules .
Clayton told lawmakers in March that he thought Dodd-Frank regulations should be reviewed to determine “ whether they are achieving their objectives effectively. ” And he has repeatedly said that he wants to stem a two-decade decline in the number of publicly traded US companies—a subject the treasury report will address .
‘ Unnecessarily complex '
Giancarlo reached out to the derivatives industry earlier this year for suggestions on how the CFTC could simplify and modernize agency rules that he said can be “ unnecessarily complex . ”
The report 's suggestions for the CFTC include changes to margin requirements , an easing of rules governing swaps ' trading venues and coordinating US regulations with overseas jurisdictions , the people said .
The treasury also plans to recommend that the CFTC and SEC work better together , particularly in monitoring derivatives markets . The report will likely make recommendations on each agency 's jurisdiction in that area , according to the people .
On the international front , the report will address the US role in setting global regulatory standards , they said .
Craig Phillips , a former BlackRock Inc. executive who was major fundraiser for Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign , has been leading the treasury 's regulatory review . He is now a senior adviser to Secretary Steven Mnuchin .
Spokesmen for treasury , the SEC and the CFTC declined to comment or could n't be reached . Bloomberg
Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - Insys Therapeutics Inc :
* INSYS THERAPEUTICS ADDRESSES NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL ‘ S COMPLAINT
* INSYS THERAPEUTICS - ‍INTEND TO CONTINUE WORKING COLLABORATIVELY WITH ALL RELEVANT AUTHORITIES TO RESOLVE OUTSTANDING GOVERNMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Shane Hessenberger 's Pick of the Week at Lanitza
Shane Hessenberger 's Pick of the Week at Lanitza Contributed
HARCOURTS COFFS HARBOUR PRINCIPAL AND SELLING AGENT SHANE HESSENBERGER 'S Property Pick of the Week is this rural escape .
Shane , tell us about this home :
Located at Lanitza , 127 Curlew Dr is a beautiful four-bedroom , two-bathroom homestead with more than 100 metres of Orara River frontage , all within easy striking distance of Grafton which is 15 minutes drive away , Woolgoolga is 25 minutes and it 's approximately a 40-minute drive into Coffs Harbour .
The location provides the rural hideaway with privacy , deep swimming holes , seclusion , fertile alluvial soils , water sources including a 4.5megalitre water licence and a myriad of potential uses .
What is your favourite feature of the home ?
It 's the location and the design of the home which provides views of the natural landscape from almost every room .
The ease of access to the river with sand platforms and swimming holes is a major bonus plus tar road access to the highway provides easy travel arrangements .
The wood-fire combustion stove provides a beautiful feeling of being in a country retreat with all the other homestead features such as the undercover verandahs with rural outlook .
Who will be interested in buying this home ?
Buyers seeking a rural holding that covers most bases with great swimming holes , water license , turnkey , large family home , shedding , horse paddock and stable , ability to profit from horticulture due to the land 's soils type , topography and water sources .
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Syrian government forces seized full control of the last major town in Homs province held by Islamic State , Syrian state media reported on Saturday , as the army and its allies press a multi-pronged advance into eastern areas held by the jihadist group .
Syrian state media cited a military source saying Islamic State militants had been killed and their weapons destroyed at the town of al-Sukhna , some 50 km ( 30 miles ) northeast of the ancient city of Palmyra .
The town is also located some 50 km ( 30 miles ) from the provincial boundary of Deir al-Zor province , Islamic State 's last major foothold in Syria and a major target for the Syrian government .
The jihadists have lost swathes of Syrian territory to separate campaigns being waged by government forces backed by Russia and Iran , and by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic ( SDF ) Forces , which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia . The SDF is currently focused on capturing Raqqa city from Islamic State .
Syrian government forces advancing from the west have recently crossed into Deir al-Zor province from southern areas of Raqqa province .
Islamic State controls nearly all of Deir al-Zor province , which is bordered to the east by Iraq . The Syrian government still controls a pocket of territory in Deir al-Zor city , and a nearby military base .
GREEN BAY , Wis. -- The Green Bay Packers hope that by the time they leave for Dallas on Saturday afternoon , receiver Davante Adams will be cleared to play Sunday against the Cowboys .
Running back Ty Montgomery might not be so lucky .
Adams has progressed through the stages of the concussion protocol since taking a helmet-to-helmet hit from Chicago Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan -- but as of Friday afternoon , Adams still had not seen the independent neurologist who needs to clear him . Because of that , he is listed as questionable .
`` Really , when you deal with the doctors and availability and scheduling , with it being an away game , I would say tomorrow by the time we get on the plane would be a fair deadline , '' Packers coach Mike McCarthy said Friday .
It 's possible the Packers could update Adams ' status on Saturday .
Adams practiced on a limited basis Wednesday and Thursday . Because he has not been cleared , he 's barred from talking to reporters .
If Ty Montgomery ca n't go Sunday , it will be an all-rookie running back group . AP Photo/Mike Roemer
Montgomery looks less likely to play after he did not take part in any of the 11-on-11 drills during Thursday 's full-pads practice . Montgomery sustained multiple broken ribs in last week 's game against the Bears . He was on the field Wednesday , wearing a protective vest under his jersey . He is listed as doubtful .
`` Ty Montgomery worked in the indoor portion of practice and did n't participate in the team periods , '' McCarthy said .
Montgomery declined to speak to reporters on Friday .
If Montgomery ca n't go , Green Bay will field an all-rookie running back group . Fourth-round pick Jamaal Williams , who injured his knee after Montgomery got hurt against the Bears , is good to go , and fifth-rounder Aaron Jones ( who carried 13 times for 49 yards and a touchdown against Chicago ) could see significant snaps .
The Packers could welcome back their two starting tackles , David Bakhtiari and Bryan Bulaga , who this season have not played a single snap at the same time . Bakhtiari has not played since he sustained a hamstring injury in the opener , and Bulaga has played only in the Week 3 game against Cincinnati , when he reinjured the right ankle he sprained in training camp . Both players are listed as questionable .
On the defensive side , the Packers appear likely to get back Mike Daniels , who had a dominant performance in Week 1 and then dropped out on the first series of the following game at Atlanta because of a hip injury , and cornerback Davon House , who also has n't played since he sustained a quadriceps injury against the Falcons . Both are listed as questionable , but Daniels insisted he would play and House practiced in full this week .
`` It feels good , '' Daniels said . `` I felt good at practice running around , felt strong . So I 'm just ready to roll . It 's been hard watching , you know what I 'm saying ? ''
Outside linebacker Nick Perry will have to wear a club cast on his right hand for the second straight week . He confirmed Friday that it 's his broken pinkie finger that required surgery to have a screw inserted .
Last year , Perry broke multiple fingers on his left hand and finished the season wearing a similar cast .
Manufacturing giant Foxconn has said it will make a major investment in artificial intelligence-based R & D as it looks for new business growth opportunities in a cooling global smartphone market , Nikkei reports .
“ We will at least invest some 10 billion New Taiwan dollars ( $ 342M ) over five years to recruit top talent and deploy artificial intelligence applications in all the manufacturing sites , ” said chairman Terry Gou .
“ It 's likely that we could even pour in some $ 10BN or more if we find the deployments are very successful or can really generate results . ”
Gou added that the ambition is to become “ a global innovative AI platform rather than just a manufacturing company ” .
Data put out this week by Strategy Analytics records a 9 per cent fall in global smartphone shipments in Q4 2017 — the biggest such drop in smartphone history — which the analyst blames on the floor falling out of the smartphone market in China .
“ The shrinkage in global smartphone shipments was caused by a collapse in the huge China market , where demand fell 16 percent annually due to longer replacement rates , fewer operator subsidies and a general lack of wow models , ” noted Strategy Analytics ' Linda Sui in a statement .
On a full-year basis , the analysts records global smartphone shipments growing 1 percent — topping 1.5 billion units for the first time .
But there 's little doubt the smartphone growth engine that 's fed manufacturing giants like Foxconn for so long is winding down .
This week , for example , Apple — Foxconn 's largest customer — reported a dip in iPhone sales for the holiday quarter . Though Cupertino still managed to carve out more revenue ( thanks to that $ 1k iPhone X price-tag ) . But this kind of creative pricing opportunities are n't on the table for electronics assemblers . So it 's all about utilizing technology to do more for less .
According to Nikkei , Foxconn intends to recruit up to 100 top AI experts globally . It also said it will recruit thousands of less experienced developers to work on building applications that use machine learning and deep learning technologies .
Embedding sensors into production line equipment to capture data to feed AI-fueled automation development is a key part of the AI R & D plan , with Foxconn saying earlier that it wants to offer advanced manufacturing experiences and services — eyeing competing with the likes of General Electric and Cisco .
The company has also been working with Andrew Ng 's new AI startup Landing.ai — which is itself focused on plugging AI into industries that have n't yet tapping into the tech 's transformative benefits , with a first focus on manufacturing — since July .
And Gou confirmed the startup will be a key partner as Foxconn works towards its own AI-fueled transformation — using tech brought in via Landing.ai to help transform the manufacturing process , and identify and predict defects .
Quite what such AI-powered transformation might mean for the jobs of hundreds of thousands of humans currently employed by Foxconn on assembly line tasks is less clear . But it looks like those workers will be helping to train AI models that could end up replacing their labor via automation .
The Team Rampage AAU basketball program has varsity head coaching positions available .
If interested , send an email to teamrampagebasketball @ gmail.com . This will be a volunteer position .
BEDMINSTER , N.J. ( Reuters ) - For President Donald Trump , this was the week when the real world began to intrude upon his presidency .
The violent clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , between white nationalists and counter-protesters confronted Trump with perhaps the first true domestic crisis of his young administration . And to some , even within his own Republican Party , he came up short .
It followed days of blustery threats toward North Korea that rattled some Americans and unnerved allies . Both are the kinds of white-knuckle challenges that define presidents - and which Trump largely has avoided during the first months of his tenure .
As images of rising tensions and a deadly car rampage in Charlottesville filled TV screens nationwide , the president was criticized first for waiting too long to address the violence and then , when he did so , failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee .
Marco Rubio , a Republican senator who was Trump 's rival for the presidential nomination , quickly suggested Trump 's initial response was inadequate .
On Twitter , Rubio wrote that it was , `` Very important for the nation to hear [ Trump ] describe events in Charlottesville for what they are : a terror attack by # whitesupremacists . ”
While Trump has had to deal with the pressures of the federal probe into Russian meddling in last year 's election , disarray in his White House , and conflicts with Congress over his stalled agenda , there are have been few external crises that have tested his presidential mettle .
By contrast , his predecessor , Barack Obama , inherited a severe economic downturn during his first year in office , and would go on to face , among other tests , a catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , Middle East upheaval , terror attacks in Boston , Orlando , and elsewhere , and civil unrest in Ferguson , Missouri and Baltimore , Maryland .
Trump has spent this week at his tony golf club in New Jersey , attempting to show the American public that he is indeed working and not vacationing . He held one event after the other , while answering media questions with an approachability he has n't shown for months .
Yet , when news of the situation in Charlottesville first started filtering out on Friday , Trump was silent . He first addressed the matter — through a tweet — on Saturday afternoon , after a planned white-supremacist rally had been dispersed , fights had broken out , and a state of emergency declared .
By the time Trump finally appeared before reporters at a staged bill-signing event at his club , footage of a car speeding up and slamming into a crowd of protesters had swamped social media and cable networks , raising the specter of domestic terrorism . At least one woman in the car 's path died and several people suffered critical injuries .
At a podium , Trump read a statement rebuking the violence , but without specifically mentioning or faulting the role of white nationalists .
“ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides , ” Trump said .
He also took the occasion to boast about declining unemployment and new corporate investment in the United States . Afterwards , he ignored shouted questions from reporters as to whether he would denounce white supremacism and whether the car incident constituted terrorism .
REPUBLICAN SENATORS QUESTION RESPONSE
Beyond Rubio , Trump 's response apparently also was not enough for Senator Cory Gardner , who chairs the Republican Party 's Senate-election effort . “ Mr . President , we must call evil by its name , ” he tweeted . “ These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism . ”
Republican Orrin Hatch , who has served as a senator for 40 years , referenced his brother , who was killed in World War II .
`` We should call evil by its name . My brother did n't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home , '' he said on Twitter .
Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said that Trump had not demonstrated moral leadership . “ There are NOT many sides to this , ” he wrote .
Trump tweeted several more times after the press event , offering support to the city of Charlottesville and the police but still declining to critique the violence in more explicit terms .
Both as a candidate and as president , Trump has met with charges that he has courted the support of white supremacists and nationalists , the so-called “ alt-right , ” as a key part of his passionate voter base .
He was forced at one point last year to publicly denounce the Ku Klux Klan and one of its leaders , David Duke . After Trump was elected , he installed Steve Bannon , a trusted figure in nationalist circles and former chairman of the hard-right outlet Breitbart News , as a top adviser in the White House .
The alt-right rally at Texas A & M University scheduled to be hosted September 11 by white nationalist Richard Spencer has been cancelled .
According to A & M spokesperson , 9/11 white lives matter event has been canceled . Story to come soon . — The Battalion ( @ TheBattOnline ) August 14 , 2017
In a press release Monday , the university cited safety concerns as the main reason .
“ After consultation with law enforcement and considerable study , Texas A & M is cancelling the event scheduled by Preston Wiginton at Rudder Plaza on campus on September 11 because of concerns about the safety of its students , faculty , staff , and the public , ” the university said in a press release .
Spencer was behind the white supremacy “ Unite the Right ” rally at the University of Virginia Saturday that ended in one person killed and 19 more injured after a participant ran his car into a group of counter-protesters .
Spencer had been invited to TAMU by Wiginton , a Texan with deep ties to white nationalist movements and the man who brought him there once before , in Dec. 2016 , according to The Texas Tribune . Spencer accepted the invitation and planned to speak at a “ White Lives Matter Rally ” at TAMU September 11 .
Wiginton , who briefly attended TAMU , said he and his lawyers will seek legal action regarding the cancelation , according to The Battalion , the TAMU student newspaper .
“ What they 've said is the first amendment does n't apply to white people , ” Wiginton told The Battalion . “ We are in a new era of civil rights , and it will be white people fighting for their rights . ”
Spencer used legal means to go forward with a speech at Auburn University last April .
Spencer is the self-proclaimed leader of the alt-right and has a dream of an all white “ ethnostate. ” He 's well known for his speeches espousing white nationalism , including one he made last December at an alt-right conference in Washington , D.C. , where talk of Trump 's victory was met with Nazi salutes and cheers .
And Spencer still has his sights set on visiting a university in September : the University of Florida . He is in talks with UF about a speaking event September 12 .
UF President Kent Fuchs sent an email to students Saturday about the possibility of Spencer speaking on campus Sept. 12 , the day after Spencer 's originally planned TAMU visit .
UF @ PresidentFuchs sends email about possible alt-right/white nationalist Richard Spencer holding campus speaking event . @ WUFTNews pic.twitter.com/3AvfkE8yOm — Ramsey Touchberry ( @ ramsberry1 ) August 12 , 2017
“ For many in the community , including myself , this speaker 's presence would be deeply disturbing , ” Fuchs wrote in a statement . He went on to say , “ While this speaker 's views do not align with our values as an institution , we must follow the law , upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space . ”
UF spokesperson Janine Sikes tells USA TODAY College they 're still in contact with Spencer 's organization , National Policy Institute , about the possibility of the event , and nothing is finalized . The university 's police department has been in contact with local , state and federal authorities about precautionary safety measures .
“ We 're basically grappling with the same things the public is grappling with : the whole idea of free speech and certainly safety and security for our students , faulty and staff , ” Sikes says .
Students at both TAMU and UF were swift to react on social media , creating protest events for each university within hours .
At TAMU , a protest was created on Facebook called “ BTHO Hate , ” which stands for “ beat the hell outta hate , ” and comes from a popular football chant students use against opposing teams .
IDK who this is but I saw it on fb & Ilysm & this is great . # BTHOhate pic.twitter.com/xo17Ttn7eN — Julie ( @ julieseguraa ) August 14 , 2017
Adam Key is a doctoral student and creator of the page . He tells USA TODAY College they will change their event from a protest to a rally in light of Spencer 's event being cancelled .
“ This space that white supremacists intended to use to promote hate will now be used to promote love of our fellow human beings , ” says Key .
While many people say the media and members of the community should ignore such events , Key says it 's important to challenge these ideas and speak out against them .
“ In times like these , it 's most important we speak out because the alt-right neo-Nazis like Richard Spencer want to change this country , ” Key says . “ If we do n't speak out because we 're afraid , they 've already won . ”
At UF , an Orlando resident named Mitch Emerson created the Facebook page “ No Nazis at UF ” 4 or 5 hours prior to Fuchs ' email to students . He 's now handed the group off to students and community activists at UF , but said if Spencer is approved to speak , he 'll be there protesting to come September 12 .
“ White supremacy is only going to go away if we stand up to it , ” Emerson tells USA TODAY College . “ It 's a violent philosophy that promotes the idea of hurting or attacking others . ”
Leaders like Spencer are turning to college campuses to recruit more and more .
According to a report released in March by the Anti-Defamation League 's Center on Extremism , white supremacists are channeling recruitment efforts towards students on college campuses more so than in the past — shifting their recruitment tactics from online to in-person .
The ADL tracked 104 incidents of white supremacist fliering on college campuses since last school year began in September 2016 , with an increase in activity in the beginning of 2017 , when 63 of the total incidents — 61 % — were reported .
Last spring , UF administration was forced to address several racially charged incidents across campus , including racial slurs written on classroom white boards , a man wearing a swastika armband on campus , a man banned from campus for confronting African-American studies employees and a Jewish studies sign that was vandalized .
@ UF students chanting `` Hate never wins '' after man appears on campus wearing swastika . pic.twitter.com/1mPuIZN1jh — Mandy Aracena ( @ TheMandyAracena ) January 26 , 2017
“ White supremacists have consciously made the decision to focus their recruitment efforts on students and have in some cases openly boasted of efforts to establish a physical presence on campus , ” Jonathan Greenblatt , ADL 's CEO , stated in a release accompanying the March report . “ While there have been recruitment efforts in the past , never have we seen anti-Semites and white supremacists so focused on outreach to students on campus . ”
Ramsey Touchberry is a University of Florida student and a USA TODAY College correspondent .
Discover the industry-leading Cat® 323F Hydraulic Excavator designed for jobsite performance and operator comfort . Learn about the daily maintenance checks and get your day off to the right start .
Usually , a bully is a down right awful thing — especially when it 's one who 's got his finger just inches away from launching a nuclear war with North Korea , or is so blatantly hypocritical that he can change his position on anything he once railed against in a matter of minutes . But while the orange ruffian in the White House is someone we 'd all love to see less of , the Bully coming out of Nashville is one we have n't seen in too long .
The band released their Feels Like debut to great acclaim in 2015 , but we have n't heard anything new from them since . Until today , that is , as Bully have contributed a new track called “ Right ” to the First 100 Days campaign . ( Go figure that such a detestable bully is indirectly responsible for the return of such a great one . ) The song is a speaker-splitting thrasher with squealing guitars and thundering drums pounding away under Alicia Bognanno 's screaming vocals . Take a listen below .
MOSCOW ( AP ) - Putin rejects British accusations of Russian involvement in ex-spy 's poisoning as 'nonsense '
BANGKOK , 17th April 2017 ( NNT ) – The Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board ( NESDB ) has guaranteed that the Thai economy will recover after 2017 , with money flowing into the pockets of its people along with vibrant tourism , exports , and agricultural activity .
NESDB Secretary-General , Porametee Vimolsiri disclosed today that towards the second half of 2017 , Thai people will start to experience a recovering economy and more money in their pockets due to continuous economic growth since the previous year . Factors contributing to economic improvement include an expansion of exports , investments by both the state and the private sector , and a rise in the price of agricultural products , resulting in a positive uptick in consumer confidence . The NESDB also expects household spending to rise during the second half of this year .
Full story : NNT
Reporter : Jettana Pantana
Rewriter : Rodney McNeil
Shemekia Copeland will release her new album , America 's Child , on August 3 . This will be Copeland 's ninth LP and first since 2015 's Outskirts of Love . The album was recorded at the Butcher Shoppe in Nashville , and will be released by Alligator Records .
America 's Child finds Copeland branching out from her typical blues formula , as it ventures into more Americana territory with elements of rock , soul and country . Produced by multi-instrumentalist and Nashville singer-songwriter Will Kimbrough , America 's Child features guest performances by John Prine , Rhiannon Giddens , Mary Gauthier , Emmylou Harris , Steve Cropper , J. D. Wilkes , Al Perkins , and members of the Time Jumpers .
Copeland will support the new album with a nationwide tour and a performance at the Americana Music Festival in Nashville in September .
America 's Child tracklist :
Ai n't Got Time for Hate Americans Would You Take My Blood ? Great Rain Smoked Ham And Peaches The Wrong Idea Promised Myself In The Blood Of The Blues Such A Pretty Flame One I Love I 'm Not Like Everybody Else Go To Sleepy Little Baby
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service . Picture : Nine News
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service . Picture : Nine News
A BUS carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames .
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus and they were told to get off , Nine Network reported .
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time .
There were no immediate reports of injury .
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir , about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire .
Australian tourists on their way to Gallipoli make lucky escape https : //t.co/Z0xkzIGEXo pic.twitter.com/YNS1sWTjIV — 3AW Melbourne ( @ 3AW693 ) April 24 , 2018
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle .
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames .
According to Nine , the Australian company organising the Dawn Service , Definitive Events , took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided .
Around 1200 people are expected at this year 's Anzac Day service at Anzac Cove . Picture : Frank Bessiere/News Corp Australia
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today 's dawn service .
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives .
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people .
More to come .
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - India 's consumer inflation is expected to have picked up in July after easing for three straight months , with food prices back on the rise , but is expected to remain well below the central bank 's target .
The consumer price index , the main policy target of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) , likely rose 1.87 percent in July from a year earlier , according to a Reuters poll of economists , compared with an increase of 1.54 percent in June .
The wholesale price index likely rose 1.3 percent in July , after four months of easing . In June , WPI rose 0.9 percent .
The wholesale price data will be released around 0630 GMT on Monday , followed by consumer prices around 1200 GMT .
Bountiful monsoon rains this year are expected to lead to another bumper harvest , further dampening food prices , which contribute near 50 percent of the consumer price index .
Retail food prices had contracted for two months through June from a year earlier .
RBI UNDER PRESSURE
Disinflationary pressures allowed the RBI to cut its main policy rate early this month by 25 basis points to 6 percent , the lowest since November 2010 .
Vendors wait for customers at vegetable stalls at a wholesale fruit and vegetable market in Mumbai , June 14 , 2017 . Danish Siddiqui/Files
It was the first easing by an Asian central bank this year . But the RBI retained its `` neutral stance '' and warned inflation could pick up again .
The RBI expects retail inflation could accelerate to 3.5 percent to 4.5 percent in October-December ..
The government called on Friday for more rate cuts as it flagged risks to economic growth and budget targets .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
In his mid-year economic survey , Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian said there were downside risks to the official growth forecast of 6.75-7.5 percent for the fiscal year to March 2018 .
India 's industrial output unexpectedly contracted 0.1 percent in June from a year earlier , data showed on Friday .
The launch of a national Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) in July has caused chaos on the ground as complex rules have left companies confused on how to price their products .
Combined factory and service sector activity slumped in July to the lowest since March 2009 , according to one private survey , though analysts believe the disruptions from the new tax will start to moderate soon and longer-term it will boost domestic trade .
Economists still expect the RBI could cut policy rates by 25-50 basis points this year .
In his report , Subramanian said there was a considerable scope for monetary easing as the inflation was undergoing a `` structural shift . ''
LONDON ( Reuters ) - In the absence of Kyle Walker , Kyle Walker-Peters played right back for Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday -- a sentence that does not contain a misprint .
By one of football 's most bizarre coincidences , the 20-year-old Walker-Peters made his Premier League debut in Spurs ' 2-0 win at Newcastle United by replacing his near namesake who was sold to Manchester City for 50 million pounds ( $ 65.06 million ) .
So assured was the new man that for long stretches fans struggled to notice any drop in quality on Spurs ' flank and Walker-Peters was named man of the match in a comfortable Tottenham win .
Walker-Peters , a product of the Tottenham academy , got his chance only because Walker 's natural replacement Kieran Trippier suffered an ankle injury and chairman Daniel Levy has yet to spend any money this summer .
Last week manager Mauricio Pochettino said Walker-Peters was not ready and the club were actively seeking a new right back .
`` We can not think that if Kieran is weeks out of the team that Kyle can replace him , '' said Pochettino after they played Juventus . `` I think we are working ( to get another right back ) . ''
Walker-Peters featured in all Spurs ' pre-season games in the United States and played more than 45 minutes last weekend against Juventus at Wembley Stadium .
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle , Britain - August 13 , 2017 Newcastle United 's Dwight Gayle in action with Tottenham 's Kyle Walker-Peters Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
With no replacement secured , Pochettino told Walker-Peters on Saturday that he would be in the side . `` I found out yesterday in training , '' the player said on Sunday . `` I was a bit nervy but nerves are good .
`` I was buzzing to make my Premier League debut , get three points and get man of the match . ''
Walker-Peters came from the academy that also produced midfielder Harry Winks and was a member of the England under-20 side who won the World Cup in South Korea this year .
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle , Britain - August 13 , 2017 Tottenham 's Kyle Walker-Peters in action with Newcastle United 's Ayoze Perez Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
He seldom looked out of place against Newcastle , days after Tottenham 's injured left back , Danny Rose , caused a storm by saying he would consider a move if an attractive enough offer came in because no-one was paid enough at Spurs .
Although Rose was soon forced into a public apology , his case for a pay rise will hardly have been strengthened by the presence of such obvious young talent coming through the ranks .
If Levy still has not opened his cheque book by next Sunday , and with Trippier unlikely to be fit , an even bigger test awaits Walker-Peters at Wembley next Sunday when Spurs play their first home game against Chelsea .
The signs are he is ready for it .
( $ 1 = 0.7686 pounds )
The British Army has completed the first firing trials of its new land-based medium range air defense missile system at a firing range in northern Sweden .
Video footage of the test of Land Ceptor , apparently taken in the wintertime , shows a test target taking off and being chased by one of the new air defense system 's missiles before being blown out of the sky .
The Land Ceptor missile , which is being developed under a £250m contract with @ byMBDA , has completed its first successful firing trial ahead of entering service with the @ BritishArmy in the early 2020s # Defence pic.twitter.com/YYJ5FarKTD — Defence Equipment & Support ( @ DefenceES ) 28 мая 2018 г .
Land Ceptor developer MBDA Missile Systems has boasted that the test was a `` milestone '' `` end-to-end system demonstration '' for the project 's development , and carried out at the Vidsel Test Range in Sweden .
© Sputnik / Vladimir Astapkovich WATCH Russian SU-57 Reportedly Launch Cutting-Edge Cruise Missile During Tests
The new system is expected to begin replacing the UK 's existing Rapier air defense system in the early 2020s , with a sea-based version ( called the Sea Ceptor ) tested last September and expected to be deployed aboard Royal Navy frigates .
Like Russia 's Pantsir-S1 combined surface-to-air missile and anti-aircraft artillery system , the Land Ceptor 's missiles are designed to detect , track and intercept aircraft and missiles at short and medium ranges ( stated to be between 1-25 km , compared with 20 km for the Pantsir ) . It 's worth noting that Russia is working on the Pantsir-SM , expected to be completed in 2019 , which will feature a missile with a 40 km range .
The British system , featuring the Common Anti-air Modular Missile ( CAMM ) itself , a mobile launcher and two support vehicles , is reported to have a deployment time of 20 minutes , compared with 5 minutes for the Pantsir system .
British Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson said that once deployed , the Land Ceptor `` will be a formidable battlefield barrier , '' protecting British forces from enemy aircraft . `` In the face of intensifying threats , it is vital that our Armed Forces have the capabilities to keep Britain safe , '' the official emphasized .
Read More : Top 3 Things to Know About Pantsir System That Helped Syria Repel Missile Attack
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors : Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
Carlos Correa crushes his first home run of the postseason to left field , as the Astros take a 2-0 series lead over the Red Sox . ( 0:34 )
HOUSTON -- Ever the optimist , Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell sat behind his desk in the visiting clubhouse here Friday morning and said he 's more likely to pitch Chris Sale in Game 5 of the American League Division Series than bring him back on short rest in Game 4 .
At this point , Farrell might as well just pencil in Sale for Opening Day .
Let 's just go ahead and call this best-of-five series what it is : A colossal mismatch . The Red Sox might have won 93 games and a division title , but they ca n't hang with the Houston Astros . Not even a little bit .
The Astros bash home runs and eschew strikeouts with equal proficiency ; the Red Sox have less power than any team in the league and often struggle to mount big rallies . The Astros have a right-left combination atop their rotation with Justin Verlander and Dallas Keuchel ; the Red Sox have a fatigued Sale and a good bullpen that rarely is handed a lead .
And the gap between the teams has been on full display during the last two games . On Friday , one day after opening the series with an 8-2 rout of the Red Sox , the Astros applied another 8-2 thumping that left a few marks , including the aggravation of a left wrist injury for Mookie Betts , Boston 's star right fielder and best all-around player .
George Springer celebrates after Jose Altuve scores in the sixth inning . Billie Weiss/Boston Red Sox/Getty Images
All that stands between the Red Sox and a second consecutive three-game Division Series sweep -- and , in turn , an AL Championship Series date for the Astros -- is 33-year-old right-hander Doug Fister , who was unemployed until the Sox claimed him off waivers in June and will start Game 3 Sunday at Fenway Park .
And so , the question of when Sale might pitch again is far less relevant than why the Red Sox 's core of young players has been so outclassed by their Astros counterparts .
Jose Altuve was a one-man wrecking crew in Game 1 , becoming the ninth player ever to hit three homers in a playoff game . In Game 2 , the Astros were powered by the full might of the top half of their batting order , the engine that drives an offense that might be historically prolific .
Carlos Correa and George Springer , held largely in check in the series opener , both homered against Red Sox starter Drew Pomeranz , who failed to record an out in the third inning . Correa added a two-run double in a four-run sixth inning that broke open the game and finished with four RBIs .
And once the Red Sox fell behind , they lacked the offensive firepower to come back . At one point , Keuchel retired 13 batters in a row . Before that , though , the Sox made him throw 30 pitches in the second inning and still came away with only one run , with Xander Bogaerts and Dustin Pedroia unable to deliver a big hit with two runners on base .
Houston 's dominance does n't come as a surprise . The teams closed out the regular season by playing a four-game series in Boston . With the Red Sox trying to clinch the AL East and the Astros looking to catch the Cleveland Indians for the best record in the league , three of the games were meaningful . Yet the Astros won three of four games , outscoring the Red Sox by a 22-13 margin .
Including the first two games of the Division Series , the Astros are 5-1 against the Red Sox in the last six games , outscoring them 38-17 .
Mercy .
The Red Sox are in danger of getting swept in the first round for the second consecutive year . With a young core of Betts , shortstop Bogaerts , left fielder Andrew Benintendi , center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. , third baseman Rafael Devers and catcher Christian Vazquez , the Red Sox have been no match for either the Astros or the Indians , the two best teams in the league .
HONG KONG , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - China is drafting a proposal to allow gambling on its southern resort island of Hainan , Bloomberg reported on Friday , a move that would allow betting on the mainland for the first time , sending shares of Hong Kong-listed casinos plunging .
Government agencies are said to be considering online gaming , sports betting or a lottery on Hainan , Bloomberg reported , citing people familiar with the talks .
The proposal , which is still at an early stage , could open the door to physical casinos over the long term , Bloomberg said .
The former Portuguese territory of Macau is currently the only place on Chinese soil where casino gambling is permitted .
Some casino shares plunged as much as 8 percent following the report , but pared losses by the close of trade with Galaxy Entertainment down 2 percent , Sands China down 1.4 percent , MGM China falling 1.5 percent and SJM Holdings sliding 2.6 percent .
In 2013 , Chinese authorities shut down a cashless casino bar in Hainan after a Reuters report drew attention to it .
The owner of the resort that housed the casino bar had told Reuters at the time that the government was monitoring the concept of cashless gambling .
Gambling revenue in Macau skyrocketed 36 percent year-on-year in January on strong demand from big whale gamblers , while mom-and-pop mass punters eager to play in the country 's only legal casino hub also drove up business .
2018 FIFA World Cup - Predictions for every Quarter Final match
Kartik Seth FOLLOW ANALYST Preview 1.13K // 04 Jul 2018 , 17:51 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Belgium fans will witness their side take on Brazil in the next round .
After 8 tremendous and breathtaking football contests in the span of 4 days , the 2018 FIFA World Cup will enter its 3rd stage , the Quarter Final matches , on Friday . As exciting as any other round of 16 World Cup stage , this round was full of surprises and world class performances .
Losses to Uruguay and France respectively ended the World Cup campaigns of crowd favourites Portugal and Argentina , and brought an end to the dreams of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . On the other hand , Russia produced a bigger upset as they upstaged title favourites Spain to book their maiden quarter final birth .
In what promises to be a slobber knocker round of world class football , the 8 best teams will fight to make it to the semi finals . While the final result will only depend on the performances of the teams in their matches , here are the predictions for every quarter final match of 2018 World Cup , based on the team performances so far .
France vs. Uruguay
France v Argentina : Round of 16 - 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
This is the first of the two matches in which two super giants of World Football will square off with each other , and the only one to feature two former World Cup holders in this tournament .
While France easily upstaged Argentina in their round of 16 match , Uruguay had their hands full in their 2-1 win over Portugal .
Even though both teams have had better tournament performances in the past , their performances in the past few matches have made them favourites for the title . France 's attack in the round of 16 match earned a lot of praise from the fans and the critics . Uruguay , on the other hand , did a splendid job of halting Portugal 's tremendous attack and were equally impressive on the attack , albeit not on the level of France .
Uruguay have done a splendid job so far in the tournament , but they have too play even better to upstage France . It will be a closely fought contest , but in the end , France will get the upper hand and move forward to the Penultimate stage .
Prediction : France to advance to the semi finals
Delivered on May 29 , 2018
Mr. Speaker , the Government of the Northwest Territories made a mandate commitment to implement a new NWT Energy Strategy that would include renewable and alternative energy solutions and actions that this government and its partners will undertake to meet targets for greenhouse gas reductions .
Earlier this month the GNWT publicly released its 2030 Energy Strategy , along with the Climate Change Strategic Framework and the NWT Petroleum Resources Strategy . Together , these documents define our long-term vision and approach to energy and climate change and will enable the NWT to transition to a strong , healthy economy that is less dependent on fossil fuels .
The 2030 Energy Strategy sets the course for a more secure , affordable and sustainable energy system , and contributes to the economic , social , and environmental well-being of the territory and its residents .
Mr. Speaker , this Strategy identifies six key strategic objectives designed to address the cost of living , energy reliability , and climate change . These objectives provide a firm basis with which to engage and empower communities to participate in finding energy solutions . The Strategy sets achievable sectoral targets , including a twenty-five percent reduction in diesel use in our remote communities . Other targets include increasing the share of renewable energy used for space-heating to forty percent , achieving a fifteen percent reduction in energy use for buildings , and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the transportation sector by ten percent .
Mr. Speaker , to achieve the objectives outlined in the Strategy the Government of the Northwest Territories through the Department of Infrastructure has developed a rolling Three-Year Energy Action Plan that identifies specific actions and initiatives that this government will undertake . The Action Plan identifies approximately $ 200 million to be spent by the Government of the Northwest Territories and its partners over the next three years . Investments will be made towards a variety of initiatives , including partnering with community and Indigenous governments in local renewable energy projects ; investing in a major wind turbine project in Inuvik ; enhancing Arctic Energy Alliance programs ; and supporting greenhouse gas emission reductions from industrial emitters through a new grant program .
To achieve success in these initiatives we must establish effective partnerships with the federal government , the NWT Housing Corporation , the Arctic Energy Alliance , and the NWT Power Corporation , as well as with communities , businesses , and industry .
Mr. Speaker , while we undertake these short-term initiatives , the 2030 Energy Strategy will also serve as a guide to develop a lower carbon economy over the long term . With these actions , the Northwest Territories will continue to do our part to help Canada meet its international commitments .
To achieve transformative reductions in our emissions , we will need substantial projects like the Taltson Hydropower Expansion . This project would increase power generation and connect our Snare and Taltson hydro systems , providing electricity consumers to the north and south of Great Slave Lake with plentiful clean and renewable energy . Transmission lines could ultimately be extended southward to join the continental electrical grid and northward to link to the vast resources of the Slave Geological Province . Hydropower and transmission line development will enhance energy security for present consumers , build capacity to serve future consumers , provide investment opportunities for Indigenous partners , and support local economic development and job creation .
Mr. Speaker , it is abundantly clear that we must reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and adapt to a changing climate . But we must balance this requirement with sustainable resource development and clean economic growth . The 2030 Energy Strategy is part of the Government of the Northwest Territories ' overarching approach to achieve this balance . By implementing the 2030 Energy Strategy in concert with the Climate Change Strategic Framework and the NWT Petroleum Resources Strategy , we will support innovative solutions to provide renewable energy to communities and industry and ensure the social , economic and environmental well-being of NWT residents now and into the future .
Thank you , Mr. Speaker .
focus zx1 Thoughts Increaser tablets helped me in staying focused on and mindful throughout the day extensive . '' Kim Suisse says , `` Nothing can be more testing than finding a thing that enhances your passionate wellbeing and that as well , regularly .
The Leafs fell five points behind the second-place Bruins , who have only lost once in regulation since November , piling up a remarkable 18-1-3 record in their last 22 games .
“ But the game is fair . I thought they were quicker , better , executed better , had more players going than we did , and it showed . ”
“ I thought they were better than us , and I thought they were quicker , ” said Leafs coach Mike Babcock . “ We were in a real good spot after the first period . We were n't great , but we were still tied 1-1 . We come out on the power play , hit the post .
The Bruins outhustled and outduelled the Leafs in a 4-1 win at the TD Garden , all the while showing why they are the hottest team in the NHL .
BOSTON—If Saturday night 's Bruins-Maple Leafs game was a playoff preview , then things do n't look particularly good for Toronto 's chances of playing in May and June .
The teams play a similar style , relying on speed to overwhelm the opposition and positional play to get the puck back . That led to some exciting hockey with end-to-end rushes , terrific defensive stick work and some highlight-reel goaltending , in particular from Tuukka Rask .
Mitch Marner scored for the Leafs , who saw a four-game win streak end . Kadri picked up an assist on Marner 's goal , stretching his point streak to five games .
“ After the first period , when the game was there ( for the taking ) and you have n't been great , it 's time for a push back and we did n't have a push back , ” said Babcock .
The Bruins played the better brand of hockey , capitalizing on Leaf mistakes thanks to a relentless forecheck .
“ They 're playing with speed , they 're playing fast , they 're not messing around with the puck and when they 're getting their chances , they 're putting them in , ” said Marner . “ ( Leaf forwards ) did n't help the defence enough . We did n't track back and get open .
“ We 've got to work to be successful . ”
Goalie Frederik Andersen lost to the Bruins for the first time in his career . He had been 9-0-0 dating back to his days with the Ducks .
“ They came ready to play and were right on top of us . We had problems getting out of our zone , ” said Andersen . “ They 're a good team . ”
The Leafs won the first two games of the season series and face the Bruins one more time — before the playoffs — on Feb. 24 at the Air Canada Centre .
Defenceman Morgan Rielly ( arm ) returned after a six-game layoff , while Ron Hainsey was also back after missing two games with the flu . They returned defenceman Justin Holl , who scored in his first two NHL games , to the AHL 's Marlies to make room .
The Leafs had been 5-1-0 without Rielly , prompting the defenceman to comment , “ The team has been playing well lately . My job is not to mess it up . ”
Also Saturday , a Hockey Night in Canada report suggested all was not well within the Leafs organization , with Josh Leivo and Nikita Soshnikov on the trade market and their camps unhappy about playing time . Leivo has played only 12 games this year and was a healthy scratch Saturday . Soshnikov is with the Marlies on a conditioning stint .
“ Neither guy asked me about that , ” said Babcock . “ Nikita , in fairness , he has n't been healthy one time this year . We could n't have played him if we wanted to . So I ca n't comment on that part . As far as Leivo , he has n't gotten a lot of opportunity to play . ”
It was hard to see the game as anything other than a playoff preview . The teams have been second and third in the Atlantic since Nov. 24 — although back then , the Leafs were in second . Unless one gets really hot and Tampa gets really cold , a Toronto-Boston first-round matchup seems inevitable .
“ That 's a ways away , but that 's the way it looks right now , ” said Rielly . “ Every game between now and then is important . When you get a chance to match up against a team like this , it 's important to come out , put our best foot forward and put forth a team effort we can be proud of . ”
Nazem Kadri has his sights set fairly high .
“ We want the No . 1 spot , ” said the Leafs centre . “ That 's what we 're working for . We want to be viewed as a team that is a No . 1 team . In order to do that , we have to put in some hard work and stay consistent throughout the next couple of months . We certainly have it in us . ”
Thomas Clayton
As of noon yesterday , restrictions on open fires for the unincorporated portions of Larimer County go into effect . These restrictions stay in effect until August 3 , 2018 . Also , in effect are restrictions on the use of fireworks , public firework displays and incendiary devices . This is not a fire ban .
Restricted today :
§ No open fires , including camp or cooking fires
§ Smoking in the open is not allowed , including on trails , and parks and open spaces .
§ No fireworks or firework displays .
§ No incendiary devices including sky lanterns , exploding ammunition , exploding targets , and
tracer ammunition .
§ No welding
Not Restricted :
§ Contained open fires in permanently constructed stationary masonry or metal fireplaces
specifically designed for the purpose of combustion .
§ The use of internal or external combustion engines with a spark arresting device properly
installed , maintained , and in effective working order and meeting published standards .
§ Fireplaces or wood stoves located inside permanent structures .
§ Fires in commercially operated wood and/or charcoal fired grills designed for cooking .
§ Charcoal fired grills when used at a private residence and located on a non-combustible surface
of at least 10 feet in diameter .
§ Fires such as those in camp stoves and grills using gas or pressurized liquid .
§ Welding and other torch work within an enclosed building
§ Outdoor welding and other torch work provided that :
• The area where the welding or other torch work is to be performed is free of vegetation
for at least 30 feet in all directions
• Wind speed is less than 10 mph .
• There is sufficient amount of fire suppressant immediately available to suppress and fire
that may be started .
§ Fires in air curtain burners .
The Sheriff may give limited exemptions from these restrictions based on his pre-approval and
inspection .
Any person who knowingly violates the restrictions can be fined . The Ordinance for the Regulation of
Open Burning in Unincorporated Larimer County can be found here :
https : //www.larimer.org/sites/default/files/fire_ban_ordinance.pdf
ISLAMABAD , July 4 ( APP ) : Chinese and Pakistani frontier defence forces conduct joint patrol at a mountainous region in Khunjerab in northwest China 's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region last week .
They were respectively assigned to a frontier defence company in Khunjerab under the PLA Xinjiang Military Command ( MC ) and the border police of the Pakistani Khunjerab Security Force ( KSF ) , a leading China 's defence journal ‘ China Military ' reported on Wednesday .
The Chinese and Pakistan frontier defence forces discussed Chinese-Pakistan border situation during the joint border patrol .
The troops from both Chinese and Pakistani frontier defence forces saluted each other prior to the patrol and also engaged in a friendly competition of arm wrestling during the short break .
A volunteer firefighter in southeast Iowa is accused of arson .
According to the Poweshiek County Sheriff 's Office , 20-year-old Chance Beres was arrested in connection with a structure fire in a rural part of the county Sunday night . The structure was destroyed and investigators say Beres is also a suspect in connection with a number of fires that have occurred in the county over the last five months . He 's currently charged with second-degree arson .
The Des Moines Register reports that Beres is an EMT with Midwest Ambulance in Grinnell and was also a probationary member with the Montezuma Volunteer Fire Department and EMS since April 18 .
JACKSON HOLE , Wyo . ( AP )  Unusually deep snow in Grand Teton National Park has made life dangerous for bison lumbering on the park 's only plowed highway and for motorists traveling the route .
The bison weighing up to 2,000 pounds prefer using the road instead of struggling through 3 feet of snow that accumulated recently .
Park officials say one bison was killed last Saturday after it was hit by a tractor-trailer .
Another bison reported hit by a vehicle in January was not found .
Advertisement
Cars that hit bison often suffer severe damage , risking injury to those inside .
Park officials recently escorted groups of bison along the road to make sure they would not get hit .
Snow has also been cleared by park plows to help the bison get to grazing areas without using the road .
___
Information from : Jackson Hole ( Wyo . ) News And Guide , http : //www.jhnewsandguide.com
GARRETT , Ind . ( AP ) – A prosecutor says two northeastern Indiana law enforcement officers acted in self-defense in an exchange of gunfire during a traffic stop .
RELATED : Deputy , suspect shot during traffic stop
DeKalb County Prosecutor ClaraMary Winebrenner said Tuesday that DeKalb sheriff 's Deputy Todd McCormick and Garrett Officer Alicia Castro will not face charges in the April 10 shooting that left 41-year-old Joshua D. Mumma of Garrett critically wounded . Winebrenner said Mumma is currently recovering from his injuries .
Indiana State Police have said both officers were involved in a traffic stop because of an equipment violation and at some point , gunfire was exchanged . It remains unclear what led to the gunfire .
Deputy McCormick was shot in a hand during the exchange in Garrett , about 20 miles north of Fort Wayne . He was released from a hospital the following day .
FRANKFURT , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Industrial workers in Germany started a third day of 24-hour strikes over pay and working hours on Friday , downing their tools at companies including carmakers Mercedes-Benz and Porsche and airplane maker Airbus .
The full-day walkouts , which are due to end late on Friday , are labour union IG Metall 's last warning shot before votes are cast on whether to take extended industrial action that could cost German companies hundreds of millions of euros in lost production .
Both the union and employers have said they are open to resuming talks on Monday next week , but they have each insisted that the other side show more willingness to make concessions .
Citing Germany 's fastest economic growth in six years and record low unemployment , IG Metall is demanding an 8 percent pay rise over 27 months for 3.9 million metal and engineering workers across Europe 's largest economy .
The union has also asked for workers to be given the right to reduce their weekly hours to 28 from 35 to care for children , elderly or sick relatives , and to be able to return to full time after two years .
This is IG Metall 's first major push for a change in hours since workers staged seven weeks of strikes in 1984 to help secure a cut of the working week to 35 from 40 hours .
Employers have offered a 6.8 percent wage increase , but rejected the demand for shorter hours unless they can also increase workers ' hours when necessary .
They have also dismissed the idea that they should make up some of the pay shortfall for workers who cut their hours .
Nearly 200,000 workers at more than 100 companies including truckmaker MAN and carmaker Ford staged rolling 24-hour strikes on Wednesday and Thursday , according to IG Metall .
By the end of Friday , that number is expected to rise to around 260 companies .
The DIW economic institute has estimated the strikes could cost companies a total of 62 million euros ( $ 77 million ) a day in lost revenue , assuming around 50,000 workers , or on average 200 per company , stop working for one day each .
In a separate dispute , IG Metall has also threatened to cripple car production at Volkswagen if top executives continue to block noticeable pay increases for German staff at Europe 's biggest carmaker .
After three rounds of fruitless bargaining , more than 20,000 workers at VW 's core Wolfsburg factory had walked off their shifts for two hours on Thursday , staging the first warning strikes at VW since 2004 .
One person is dead after a pre-Fourth of July shooting in the Del Paso Heights neighborhood .
According to a press release from the Sacramento Police Department , officers were called to the area of Fell Street and Harris Avenue just before midnight after reports of a shooting . Upon arrival , officers found a man suffering from gunshot wounds . The victim was eventually pronounced dead at the scene .
Homicide Investigation – Fell Street / Harris Avenue .
On Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , at approximately 11:26 p.m. , officers from the Sacramento Police Department were called to the area of Fell Street / Harris Avenue , regarding a shooting . # sacpd https : //t.co/Py6yehlhdz pic.twitter.com/fbq6oifIxN — Sacramento Police ( @ SacPolice ) July 4 , 2018
Police have not yet released the identity of the victim , or a description of the suspect .
If you have any information regarding this incident , call the Sacramento Police Department at 916-264-5471 .
© 2018 KXTV
Blockchain , cryptocurrencies and digital assets took center stage at the Code Conference today . During a panel , Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse said Bitcoin could end up becoming the “ Napster of digital currency , ” noting how Bitcoin “ showed us what 's possible , but in the end , it was Spotify and iTunes and Pandora that won the day because they engaged with regulators , ” he said on stage at the Code Conference today .
But it 's a bit of the wild west out there regarding blockchain and cryptocurrency . In terms of when we 'll see regulation around cryptocurrencies and the blockchain , it will be years , Kathryn Haun , a professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and board member at Coinbase and HackerOne , said at the Code Conference .
There are parallels between the early days of the Internet and blockchain , Haun said . In the early days of the Internet , for example , people called for a single regulator . That did n't happen , but now we 're seeing that happen with cryptocurrencies and blockchain , she said .
“ We do n't want regulation to outpace understanding , ” she said .
For example , if regulation were to have come out a year ago , it would already be outdated thanks to the rise of ICOs , she said .
She added , “ It 's important to wait and see how the technology developments . ”
ISLAMABAD , Aug 14 ( APP ) : President Mamnoon Hussain
Monday hoisted the national flag in a dignified ceremony held
here to mark the celebrations of 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan .
The ceremony held at the Jinnah Convention center was
attended by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi , Chinese Vice
premier Wang Yang , Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz
Sadiq , Chairman Senate Raza Rabbani , Chairman Joint Chief of
Staff Committee ( CJCSC ) General Zubair Mahmood Hayat , Chief of
the Army Staff ( COAS ) General Qamar Javed Bajwa , Chief of the
Air Staff Air Marshal Sohail Aman , Chief of the Naval Staff
Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah , a large number of
parliamentarians , diplomats , students and people from
different walks of life .
During the ceremony , national anthem and national songs
were played . Ustad Raees Ahmed also presented a blend of his
marvelous instrumental performance .
The Bridge School Benefit , the annual charity concert organized by Neil Young and Pegi Young , will not take place in 2017 . It 's future beyond that is unclear , as Neil Young will “ longer be hosting ” the event .
In a statement , the legendary songwriter cited “ personal reasons ” for his departure , but did not offer further explanation . It 's worth noting that he and Pegi ended their 36-year marriage in 2014 , though they did collaborate on two further installments of the concert . Earlier this year , Young was forced to cancel an appearance at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony due to an undisclosed health issue .
Young said he would “ continue in fund raising efforts ” for the Bridge School . He also thanked his former wife for “ coming up with the idea and pursuing it with such great dedication , working for the kids like our child Ben , young children with disabilities who needed more than our education system offered . ”
In her own statement , Pegi Young suggested the Bridge School will now look for alternative avenues to achieve its endowment goals .
The Bridge School Benefit Concert was begun in 1986 to raise money for the Bridge School , a non-profit organization which assists children with severe physical impairments and complex communication needs . Traditionally featuring acoustic sets , the concert has welcomed everyone from Metallica , to Roger Waters , to Arcade Fire over the course of its 30-year history .
Read both Neil Young and Pegi Young 's statements below .
Neil Young :
“ After thirty years of hosting the Bridge School Concerts , I would like to say thanks to everyone involved . Of course , I love the students most of all because the light in their eyes tells me we have been doing the right thing for the last thirty years . We have earned millions of dollars and the school is stable financially , able to go forward although we still need an endowment and would welcome one .
Thanks to Pegi Young for coming up with the idea and pursuing it with such great dedication , working for the kids like our child Ben , young children with disabilities who needed more than our education system offered . Our heartfelt thanks and appreciation go to the artists who have been so generous with their time and great performances . Certainly , my love and appreciation go to Executive Director Vicki Casella , who has given 100 % to skillfully support and guide the school over the years . Thank you to our wonderful staff , made up of the finest educators I have ever known . I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their dedicated efforts on behalf of our students and Bridge School mission .
My long-time friends , manager Elliot Roberts and agent Marsha Vlasic have been putting these concerts together and gathering the incredible artist line ups year after year . Thanks to you both and to Frank Gironda for all the work you 've put into the event . I would also like to thank Tim Foster and the crews he has ably led while handling production of the concerts and making everything so easy for us . Great job Tim .
The Bridge School Concerts would never have been possible without Bill Graham and BGP , as well as Another Planet Productions . Thanks to Jerry Pompili and all the people who worked for these production organizations and made our wonderful concerts so easy for everyone .
To the Bridge School Community , the folks who attend the concerts year after year bringing their wonderful enthusiasm and love , I say thanks and lots of love to every one of you . You are the soul that kept everything happening for all these years . I know the concerts have become part of the Bay Area Landscape and we were all there together . I appreciate being part of it .
Although I will continue in fund raising efforts , for personal reasons beginning this year I will no longer be hosting The Bridge School Concert . I wish everyone the best as the school heads into the future . My heart is with each and every child we have had the honor to serve and those we will continue to serve , and your parents , siblings , and extended families . Thanks to you all for the honor of serving such a great mission . Thanks to my incredible son Ben Young for being there at my side throughout these many Bridge School years . I love you buddy . The Bridge School would not have been possible without you . ”
Pegi Young :
“ The Bridge School Benefit Concert , traditionally held at Shoreline Amphitheatre , will not be held in 2017 . We want to express our sincere and profound thanks to all of you for your love and support , demonstrated by way of your attendance at 30 years of Bridge School Benefit Concerts . They have been truly memorable events and we have great appreciation for everyone who has been involved beginning , of course , with Neil Young and including all the many artists who have been so generous with their time and talent ; the production people who have made it all possible ; Elliot Roberts and the team at Lookout Management as well as Marsha Vlasic , who have been so instrumental in booking the shows all these years ; the Bridge School staff and families and last , but certainly not least , the audience to whom the show has brought such enjoyment over these many years .
Because our mission is of such great importance to so many , we proceed onward with optimism into the future . Stay tuned for updates as we begin to shape what the next steps will be in reaching our endowment goals .
On behalf of the Bridge School family , I wish to thank you again from the bottom of my heart for your love and support as we work to bring opportunities and “ participation through communication ” to our student population here at home and around the world .
With peace , love , and sincere gratitude . ”
Honda is extending its courtship of startups through its Xcelerator program with a new partnership announced Wednesday with DRIVE , a new startup hub in Tel Aviv , Israel that focuses specifically on smart mobility tech , including transportation and automotive solutions . The partnership will see Honda 's Silicon Valley Lab work directly with the DRIVE center , offering “ expertise , funding and rapid prototyping opportunities ” to some of the facility 's companies , with the understanding that in future these could “ evolve into additional business relationships . ”
Honda is n't the only partner on board for the new DRIVE center initiative – also joining as sponsors are Hertz Rent a Car and Volvo , among others . The launch of the facility by Mayer Group comes at a perfect moment in time in terms of capitalizing on the growing interest in the tech sector around not only automotive innovation , but also urban transit and automated transportation in general .
Honda has been keen to work with the startup community , and has used those partnerships to drive actual product development . In a tie-up with startup VocalZoom , Honda debuted a concept demo at CES this year that use optical sensors to offer better voice recognition – these sensors watch a speaker 's face to supplement data gathered by microphones .
Partnering with , and fostering promising startups is a smart strategy , and one that Honda 's global head of R & D activities Yoshiyuki Matsumoto told me at CES in January is part of the company 's overall approach to finding the best solution to any problem , whether that be through internal sourcing , external partnership or acquisition .
Featured Image : Honda
By Scott T. Sterling
Thomas Rhett and his touring crew had a moment of silence before a recent show in honor of the shooting victims at the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas .
Related : Artists Respond to Tragedy in Las Vegas
The moment happened as Rhett was preparing to perform at the North Charleston Coliseum in South Carolina last night ( Oct.5 ) , which he shared on Instagram .
“ Today we gathered for a moment of silence in the arena we are playing in tonight as a family , ” Rhett wrote next to a photo of his touring entourage gathered on the main floor of the empty arena . “ We have people on our crew that were on the side of the stage during the shooting in Vegas and some that were there working in other areas . It was very strange walking into an arena for a night of music after the horrible events that took place a few days ago , ” he continued .
“ We decided as a band and crew that we would not play this or the shows to come in fear , but rather in a spirit of love and joy that music is supposed to bring . We will never forget this tragic event but we will continue to celebrate the good in the world . Much love 🙌🏼 God bless . ”
See the post below .
A tonal shift in “ Logan , ” the final film in the “ Wolverine ” franchise , drew concerns internally that it would be too dark , according to Twentieth Century Fox Film chairman Stacey Snider .
“ Inside , there was real consternation about the intensity of the tone of the film , ” she said in a Q & A at the Recode Media conference Tuesday in Laguna Niguel , Calif .. “ It 's more of an elegy about life and death . The paradigm for it was a Western , and my colleagues were up in arms . It 's not a wise-cracking cigar-chomping mutton-sporting Wolverine , and the debate internally became , is n't that freakin ' boring ? Is n't it exciting to imagine Wolverine as a real guy and he 's world-weary and he does n't want to fight anymore until a little girl needs him ? ”
“ Logan ” is scheduled for release on March 3 with Hugh Jackman reprising his title role . The movie 's marketing machinery kicked into overdrive with a spot in the Super Bowl that kicked up a fresh wave of social-media chatter about the raw nature of the movie compared with its predecessors in the successful Fox franchise .
Snider also spoke out on behalf of the Fox Searchlight business , countering the conventional wisdom that the encroachment of Netflix and Amazon as buyers in the festival circuit has challenged consumers .
“ What Amazon did with ‘ Manchester By the Sea ' is remarkable , ” she said . “ But I was with my colleagues at Sundance this year also and they were able to secure two hotly pursued projects , ‘ Step ' and ‘ Patty Cake $ ' for less money than the competition was offering because when it comes to those films and curated , hand-carried approach to market , that comes with years and years of experience . “ It 's not to say it ca n't be modeled but the people who have been doing it with such incredible success with '12 Year a Slave , ' ‘ Wild ' and ‘ Grand Budapest Hotel ' speak an artistic language that is important to speak . ”
In addition , Snider spoke out strongly in support of the exhibition business , which she sees as the most important link in the distribution chain , albeit one that needs to be balanced with the growing demand for some kind of premium VOD release in homes .
“ If the supposition is that the movie business corners whatever market we have in creating huge global cinematic experiences , then then the last thing we want to do is commoditize it and make it feel interchangeable with the home entertainment experience , ” she warned .
Snider went so far as to suggest her studio was even more vulnerable than some of her rivals to a weakened exhibition business .
“ When I think about how Fox is situated compared to Warner Bros. or Comcast or Disney , we 're more dependent on exhibitors than any of the other companies , ” she said . “ It really does genuinely matter to us . ”
But she stopped well short of suggesting that some kind of alteration in film distribution was inevitable . “ It 's not about smashing the window , its about opening it up a little , ” she said . “ I do n't think It 's controversial to say for a business not to be able to sell what it makes for periods of time is anachronistic . ”
Accra , April 24 , GNA - A stage play titled “ Men Don Die ” , would be premiered on 28 to 29 April at the Accra International Conference Centre .
The play , a road safety campaign , will feature popular actors such as Adjetey Annan and Ecow Smith-Asante .
The play is two shows for each night , 1600 hours and 2000 hours .
This was contained in a statement signed by Latif Abubakar , the Producer of the play and copied to the Ghana New Agency in Accra .
The play is an initiative of Globe Production in partnership with Accra Presbyterian Senior High School 80th anniversary to educate the public on the negative effects of road accidents on the society and nation building .
It is sponsored by Endela logistics , Yomi Yoghurt , First Trust Savings and Loans and Veraldo drinks .
Mr Abubakar also the Director of Globe Production said the drama tells a story of two couples who set off on a long journey in an ‘ aro-glass ' vehicle , one for their marriage and the other on their way for a divorce , all happening in some few hours .
This becomes a doomsday event when their vehicle gets stuck in the middle of a road . What then becomes of their fate ?
Abandoned and lost , the ensuing events expose their characteristics and objectives in the play .
Mr Abubakar said the play sought to advocate a road safety campaign and has a theme : ‘ ' There is always light , no matter the situation ” which lays credence to the saying “ In thy light we shall see light ” .
The playwright promised the public of spiced-up performances and entreated all to attend with families and friends .
According to him , the mission of Globe Productions is to keep touching lives and making people happy and help them appreciate life by distressing themselves from the exigencies of the times . ”
Media partners are Graphic Communications Group , TV3 , TV Africa , GHONE TV , Citi FM , Citi FM Online , Graphic Showbiz and Ghanaian Times .
GNA
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bankers Cobalt Corp :
* BANKERS COBALT CORP . ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE INTERESTS IN SIX ADDITIONAL COBALT AND COPPER CONCESSIONS IN THE DRC
* BANKERS COBALT-‍ENTERED INTO AGREEMENT TO EARN UP TO 70 % INTEREST IN 6 ADDITIONAL CONCESSIONS IN SOUTHERN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO ( DRC ) COPPERBELT​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif
Today , I look back at my abruptly terminated first term as your Chief Minister in 1997-1999 , followed by over one year in various prisons across Pakistan , until I was ‘ forced ' against my will to board an aircraft into exile .
For a man driven at breakneck speed , in the service of his people for two years , these were for me a miserable ordeal as valuable time was wasted .
Two and a half years later in 2003 , I was diagnosed with a rare , aggressive cancer and had to be rushed from Saudi Arabia to the United States . It was a close-up encounter ofthe life with death .
But even as I was rolled into the operation theater , those present will verify , that I was only speaking of the nation building ; a vision that was ruthlessly disrupted .
As soon as the prognosis after surgery confirmed that the cancer had not spread to my lymph nodes , and a complete recovery was possible , I believed beyond doubt that Allah had ONLY bestowed me with a new lease of life to serve His people unto my very last breath . Through a miracle of Almighty Allah , I was returned to serve Punjab in 2008 , from where I had left it ; but this time , I was a cancer survivor .
From the above account , it will be easier for you to understand that I could only be your Khadim-e-Ala. A man in a hurry , to deliver , to get things done .
Our effort has not been in vain . Wherever I travelled recently in different parts of Pakistan , Karachi , Mardan or Mattiari , people spoke with one voice : They desire the same quality of honest , efficient governance that is present in Punjab so that like their fellow citizens in the Punjab , their lives can also be changed for the better .
I have now completed two terms of government . Today , on the 31st of May , 2018 , I shall no longer be your Khadim-e-Ala . I say farewell with deep respect to the people of Punjab . Thank you for giving me the opportunity to serve you with intensity of my heart and bring about a difference in your life .
I seek forgiveness from all the people I could not reach and all those who could not reach me . I seek forgiveness from all those who feel I did not serve to their expectations , and from those who did not benefit from my governance .
All of you know there are some things I never compromised on , since these are sacred to my core values : selfless service to the people , especially care for the common man , selection on merit , zero tolerance for corruption or incompetence , and protecting and promoting the interests of Pakistan .
If , by the grace of Almighty , people honour me with their vote to serve them as their Prime Minister , I shall employ all my abilities and expend even the last ounce of my energy to serve all our provinces equally , so that the rest of the federating units not only standat par with Punjab in terms of good governance and also raise our beloved motherland to the heights of glory as envisaged by our Founding Fathers , AllamaMuhammad Iqbal and the Quaid-i-Azam .
As you all have known me since the 1990s , my life is an open book . I have been a fighter all my life : Fighting cancer , fighting corruption , fighting ‘ qabza ' mafias , fighting false allegations , and fighting for common man 's right to dignified life .
I am now ready for the biggest fight of my life on July 25 , the fight for Pakistan and all its people , to build a better and prosperous tomorrow so that our children can live in peace and prosperity and realise their God-given potential .
Your prayers will be my reward ! May Allah be with you , always !
The writer is the chief minister of Punjab and the President of the PML-N
Twitter : @ CMShehbaz
Aug 14 ( Reuters ) - Australian rubber-products maker Ansell Ltd said on Monday its full-year profit fell 7.2 percent , missing forecasts , hurt by rising raw material costs and one-off charges from the sale of its condom business .
Net profit for the 12 months to June 30 fell to $ 147.7 million from $ 159.1 million a year ago . That compares with an estimate of $ 155.6 million according to 7 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
The company declared a final dividend of 23.75 cents per share , up from 23.5 cents a year ago . The company reports in U.S. dollars . ( Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru ; Editing by Chris Reese )
Amazon In-Car Delivery Option Enlarge Photo
Select Amazon shoppers now have a new option for delivery of their purchases : the trunk of their car .
Amazon announced the new service on Tuesday and it will roll out for owners of Chevrolet , Buick , GMC , Cadillac , and Volvo vehicles . The process is relatively straightforward and requires an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account . Users must then link the Amazon Key app with OnStar or Volvo On Call to take advantage of the service .
Amazon In-Car Delivery Option Enlarge Photo
From there , Amazon shoppers will see an `` in-car '' delivery option at checkout . Once selected , shoppers must then choose the delivery location . However , Amazon and the parcel service will only deliver to the vehicle if it 's in an open space ; the car must be accessible in a driveway , parking lot , or street parking . Do n't expect the delivery person to break into a closed garage to drop off a new set of sheets .
In-car delivery also works with same-day , two-day , and standard shipping . The service is offered at no extra cost to Amazon Prime subscribers .
It 's a first for General Motors , but Volvo has offered the service in Europe since 2015 . With GM vehicles , the car must be a 2015 model or newer to take advantage of in-car delivery .
Amazon will roll the service out today across 37 U.S. cities and surrounding areas , though the company has plans to add more locations in the near future .
When it comes to the early signs of multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , it 's always kept an eye out for any and all changes in your body . Not only is it always a good idea to be your own health advocate , but since MS is one of those conditions that 's better off caught early , the sooner you can begin treating symptoms as they appear , the better .
While it 's not incredibly common , `` it 's estimated that about 2.3 million people in the world have MS , and about 66 percent are women , '' Dr. Josh Axe , D.N.M. , C.N.S. , D.C. , founder of Ancient Nutrition and DrAxe.com , tells Bustle . `` [ It 's ] a disabling condition of the central nervous system that occurs when the immune system eats away at the protective covering of nerves , interfering with the brain-body connection . ''
And that 's why it often comes along with side effects like fatigue , tingling , dizziness , and numbness . `` It 's considered a type of autoimmune disease because the immune system attacks its own tissues , '' Dr. Axe says . `` It can sometimes take a long time to be diagnosed with MS because symptoms can be very similar to those caused by numerous other conditions , such as thyroid disorders , anemia , nerve compression , other more common autoimmune diseases , etc . ''
It 's important to keep in mind that these other issues that also cause things like fatigue and dizziness may be more likely , as are totally benign causes , such as lack of sleep . And yet , if any of the symptoms below are bothering you , you should definitely speak up . A neurologist will be able to perform a few tests , such as an MRI scan or spinal tap , and keep an eye on you in the years to come , to make sure you are n't developing the disease . And if you are , then they 'll be better able to treat you early , so you can manage your symptoms . Her are a few signs of MS experts say to know about .
1 Vision Changes Andrew Zaeh for Bustle `` Vision problems , such as ... blurry or double vision , loss of color contrast ( similar to color blindness ) , or even pain/straining while moving the eye , '' can all be early signs of MS , Dr. Axe says . `` This might first be noticed when working on a computer , reading , or driving [ and ] is due to inflammation of the optic nerves , or optic neuritis . '' Of course , it 's natural for your eyes to feel a bit blurry after staring at a computer screen all day , or after hours and hours of reading or driving — usually due to eye strain or dry eye . It 's also typical for eyesight to deteriorate a bit , as you age . But if your vision issues seem out of the ordinary , or do n't seem to be going away , it wo n't hurt to talk to a doctor , so they can figure out what 's up and how to treat it .
2 Tingling & Numbness Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you have ongoing tingling or numbness in any area of your body — but especially in your legs — it may be a good idea to speak with a neurologist , who can begin tests to see if it is MS. `` Multiple sclerosis is a disorder that can lead to significant nerve damage , '' Dr. David Greuner , of NYC Surgical Associates , tells Bustle , which is why you might notice a prickling or burning in your legs . It can also show up in the form of numbness in your face , or a prickling electric shock sensation when you turn your head , so be on the lookout for those symptoms , too . Of course , a numbness does n't automatically mean MS , but if it 's persistent , it 's best to get it checked out by your doctor .
3 Loss Of Libido Ashley Batz/Bustle Usually , decreased sex drive can be chalked up to tiredness , a headache , or a hormonal imbalance — among other things that have nothing to do with MS . But since it can also be an early sign of the disease , it 's not something you should necessarily ignore . `` Sexual problems including decreased sex drive , [ can affect ] both women and men with MS , '' Dr. Axe says . `` These can be due to loss of sensation [ due to nerve damage ] , insecurity , depression , and fatigue . '' All of which are common side effects of the disease . If you note substantial changes in your sex drive , talk to your doctor to get to the root of the cause .
4 Dizziness Hannah Burton/Bustle Ongoing dizziness may also tip you off to a problem , especially if it seems to hit you out of nowhere . `` Assuming you did n't just run up a flight of stairs or run around in circles , getting frequent bouts of dizziness could be a symptom of MS , '' author and lifestyle expert Jaya Jaya Myra tells Bustle . `` Look for other symptoms in conjunction , since dizziness can be due to other very normal , benign things as well . '' And if the dizziness is recurring , let your doctor know ASAP .
5 Depression & Mood Swings Ashley Batz/Bustle MS is associated with a `` higher risk for mood-related problems , including depression , mood swings , irritability , manic depression , and anxiety , '' Dr. Axe says , `` These are due to neurological changes and also usually associated with social withdrawal and having trouble coping with the diagnosis . '' If you have any of these symptoms , however , MS is n't the first place your mind should go . Only your doctor will be able to determine if MS is a concern , so speak with your primary care physician , or a therapist , if you are experiencing these changes .
6 Trouble Swallowing Ashley Batz/Bustle If your throat feels out of the ordinary , or you 're having trouble speaking or swallowing , let your doctor know . As Myra says , `` MS can cause problems in speech and even swallowing food . If you notice your speech is slurred , slowed , or generally just not the same , get this checked out . ''
7 Difficulty With Everyday Activities Andrew Zaeh for Bustle People with MS often notice that they start to have problems with simple things , like buttoning up their shirt . As Dr. Axe says , `` Difficulty with everyday activities , for example trouble walking , getting dressed , eating , and bathing , '' are all things you should watch out for . This is , again , due to the nerve damage associated with MS . But do not panic if you begin to notice these symptoms — speak to your doctor , and they will better be able to evaluate the problem .
8 Bladder & Digestive Issues Andrew Zaeh for Bustle OK , so everyone has the occasional upset stomach , or intense urge to pee , so do n't assume you have MS just because you have to run off to the bathroom . Do , however , keep an eye on ongoing symptoms , such as bladder of digestive issues that wo n't seem to go away . `` Bladder and digestive problems , including feeling like you have to go more often or like you ca n't totally empty your bladder , '' may be a sign of a problem , Dr. Axe says . `` Some also experience constipation . '' This can be linked to many other causes though , so be sure to consult your doctor if this becomes a problem .
9 Brain Fog Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Since MS affects your central nervous system , it can lead to difficulties with concentration and spaciness , otherwise known as brain fog . As Dr. Axe says , do n't ignore `` cognitive or speech problems , such as trouble concentrating , brain fog , poor memory , [ or the need ] to take long pauses between words . '' All of these symptoms might be a sign of MS , and the sooner you can seek treatment , the better .
10 Shaky Hands Andrew Zaeh for Bustle `` As multiple sclerosis [ begins to affect ] the myelin covering of your nerves , your brain 's signals get lost and weakened by the time they reach their intended destination , '' Caleb Backe , a health and wellness expert at Maple Holistics , tells Bustle . `` As a result , the loss of hand control is one of the most common symptoms of MS . Unfortunately , these compromised motor neurons can cause difficulty picking up objects , holding on to them , and even maintain steady hands . '' So if you feel shaky , talk to your doctor to help find out why .
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end .
Kaylie Ngo , president of London , Ont. , -based Hoppy Hearts , said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids .
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they 're about eight weeks old , Ngo said . But after a few months , their personalities start to shift .
“ They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things , ” she said .
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge , Ont. , said oftentimes , parents who buy the animals for their kids do n't understand what they 're getting into .
“ They 're really similar to cats and dogs , not like hamsters and gerbils , ” Haviva Porter-Lush said . They ca n't be kept in a small cage , for instance . Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves .
And they 're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize , she added .
“ When people see them in the store for $ 30 or $ 40 , they do n't realize that , say , 'in five or six months time , I 'm going to need to spend $ 300 to $ 700 getting my rabbit spayed . ” '
Ngo said that sometimes , a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners .
“ Despite being the third most popular pet in North America , they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians , and it can be really , really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit , ” she said .
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space .
“ It 's hard , because it 's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly , ” said Porter-Lush , adding that they 're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families .
In fact , Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it 's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies . Right now , she said , Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside .
“ Even if only temporarily , being put outside is a death sentence , ” she said .
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside , they act fast . Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen .
Then , they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns : dental issues , parasites and injuries . If it 's all clear , they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible .
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it 's less commitment , and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea said on Saturday that nearly 3.5 million workers , party members and soldiers volunteered to join or rejoin its army to resist new U.N. sanctions and to fight against the United States in the current geopolitical tension between Pyongyang and Washington .
Rodong Sinmun , North Korea 's official newspaper , said the volunteers had offered to join or rejoin the People 's Army after the Korea Central News Agency ( KCNA ) issued a statement on Monday condemning new sanctions imposed by the United Nations in retaliation for North Korean missile tests .
Earlier this week , nuclear-armed North Korea threatened to strike the United States and its Pacific territory of Guam .
KCNA said on Wednesday a mass rally was held in Pyongyang to support the government . North Korea has previously mobilised large crowds to show its resolve when tensions escalate .
In August 2015 , 1 million North Koreans offered to enlist or re-enlist in the army when a mine exploded in the demilitarised zone between the two Koreas , raising additional tensions .
North Korea warned foreign diplomats to leave Pyongyang in 2013 when it suspended work at a joint inter-Korean industrial park and threatened missile strikes on U.S. Pacific bases , notably in Guam and Hawaii .
HALIFAX—Jean Chretien has ignored a letter from Nova Scotia 's lobbyist registrar asking if he lobbied the premier about a port proposal during a recent closed-door session that drew a citizen complaint . The registrar of lobbyists , Hayley Clarke , asked the former prime minister about a March 21 meeting in Halifax with Premier Stephen McNeil and Transport Minister Geoff MacLellan .
Jean Chretien has ignored an inquiry from Nova Scotia 's lobbyist registrar over the former prime minister 's meeting with Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil . ( Justin Tang / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Chretien is an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners , which has been seeking investor support for the Cape Breton container port project . Chretien is not a registered lobbyist in Nova Scotia , and both McNeil and MacLellan denied he lobbied them or discussed the port project . Following a complaint from a retired union activist , Clarke sent Chretien a letter providing information about the province 's lobbying act , and asked for a response by the end of April . “ We ask they ( Chretien ) review their activities to ensure compliance and provide a response advising as to the results of their review within 30 days , ” says a March 29 letter to the complainant , John McCracken .
Article Continued Below
No response came , Clarke 's spokesperson told The Canadian Press . “ There has been no response to the Nova Scotia 's Registrar of Lobbyists inquiry of the Hon . Jean Chretien following a complaint received from a member of the public , ” Marla MacInnis said . The Canadian Press sent written requests to Chretien and to an associate who often arranges media interviews but received no response . Duff Conacher , the co-founder of Democracy Watch , said Chretien needs to clear up the issue before he resumes conversations with politicians in the province . “ He should be showing and documenting that he has not crossed the line that the law establishes that requires registration . If he 's not going to show the registrar , then the police should give him a call , ” said Conacher .
McCracken said Chretien 's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia 's lobbying law is “ toothless. ” He said his only option now would be to take his complaint about Chretien to the police , a move that he 's contemplating .
Article Continued Below
“ It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar , which was that they ( the registrar ) were going to contact him and he ( Chretien ) was going to laugh in their face , ” he said in an interview . The day before the meeting , Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about his role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners . When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he 'd market the Sydney container port to the premier , the former prime minister said he felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports . “ He ( McNeil ) said , ‘ He 's for the development and he wants development in Nova Scotia , ' and he 's the premier of all Nova Scotia . And there always competition between one city and another . But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia , but he is the premier of Nova Scotia. ” The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal , as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port . As the interview continued , Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal , and he replied : “ I hope so. ” When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port , Chretien replied , “ So what ? I 'm working for Sydney . I 'm not working for them. ” Read more : N.S . lobbyist watchdog receives complaint about meeting between Jean Chretien , Stephen McNeil Clarke has previously made clear there was little she could do to probe what had occurred . “ The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists . The Registrar is not an enforcement agent , ” MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press . A number of other provincial jurisdictions , including Ontario , and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations . Conacher said in an interview that he 'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien 's actions to the attention of police . “ He can say ‘ There 's this story , and there 's this law , can you please check into what the ( former ) prime minister 's been doing , ' ” he said . Conacher said in most jurisdictions , commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it 's considered a crime was potentially committed . He said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system . “ They often do the front-line investigation that police do n't have time to do , ” he said . Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $ 25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first . McCracken said he would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after his complaint , and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward . These include requirements such as documenting if he has lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of his client . Nova Scotia 's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant “ in an attempt to influence ” the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government . One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is “ an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client. ” A person who does this is required to disclose their name , address and the name of the company they 're lobbying on behalf of , and the “ subject matter ” of their lobbying and who they 've contacted .
Read more about :
Art can be a powerful ally in times of strife . After the violent demonstration by white supremacists and neo-nazis in Charlottesville this past weekend , many concerned citizens have been protesting , donating , and looking for other ways to combat bigotry . Well , here 's another one to add to your slate . Wilco has just released a new benefit single , “ All Lives , You Say ? ” , and all proceeds will benefit the Southern Poverty Law Center .
The song can be downloaded from Wilco 's Bandcamp page with a charitable contribution . Frontman Jeff Tweedy dedicated the song to the memory of his late father , Robert L. Tweedy . “ My dad was named after a Civil War general , and he voted for Barack Obama twice , ” he said . “ He used to say ‘ If you know better , you can do better . ' America — we know better . We can do better . ”
It 's a straightforward acoustic number , with gentle strums underscoring electric flourishes and Tweedy 's melancholy murmur . A response to those who countermovements like Black Lives Matter by crying “ All Lives Matter ” , the song finds Tweedy observing the bigoted hordes . “ I can see you are afraid , ” he sings . “ Your skin , so thin , your heart has escaped / All lives , all lives , you say ? ”
Stream the song below and pop over to Bandcamp to buy the single .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
From quaint country pubs to curry houses , we really are spoilt for choice in Gloucestershire .
With new openings popping up across the county it can often by difficult to decide where to go to for dinner .
Whether you 're planning your next date night or a chilled catch-up with friends , it 's the perfect opportunity to try something new .
Gloucestershire Live staff across the county and are often out and about eating and drinking at the region 's fantastic restaurants .
If you 're bored of your local , here are some new places to try in 2017
1 . Jenny Eastwood , Gloucestershire Live editor
Curry Corner , Fairview Road , Cheltenham
`` This unassuming restaurant from the outside is like Dr Who 's Tardis on the inside and what greets you is a fabulous welcome , amazing food and sumptuous setting to dine in .
`` It has been going for decades but it is still at the top of its game .
Aroma , Southgate Street , Gloucester
`` This Indian restaurant is so popular it had to extend to a whole other floor .
`` Its lamb biryani is to die for .
`` It does n't do takeaways , so a must one to visit . ''
2 . Tom Gibbon , web editor
Greek on the Docks , Gloucester
`` Amazing dishes , always bustling but always great service and the kind of place that ticks just about every box . ''
3 . Dan Chipperfield , weekend editor
Greek on the Docks , Gloucester
`` The staff are great , service is always top notch and the food has never failed to be anything other than amazing at this family-run restaurant .
`` Try the lamb orzo . ''
4 . Rachel Sugden , senior editor
Café 53 , Long Street , Tetbury
`` Tucked at the back of a 4-storey Aladdin 's cave shop of typical Tetbury antiques/homewares/eclectic gifts ( Domestic Science ) .
`` It 's got a fab decor , slightly industrial , and is very relaxed and informal – you help yourself to glasses of water from decanters at the back of the room and menus are stacked by the till on clipboards .
`` There are huge glass sliding doors on to a secluded terraced courtyard garden which is a great suntrap in good weather .
`` The lunch menu is good , the homemade cakes are awesome , but for me it 's all about the breakfasts .
`` You 'll struggle to choose between the big Tetbury ( with local black pudding ) or the big American ( with a stack of amazing fluffy pancakes ) or the avo-eggs on toast .
`` The portions are huge , and it 's not overpriced for the postcode .
`` Be warned though , this is a local 's favourite and at weekends it 's heaving with families , couples and old friends catching up over the papers and pots of tea , so getting a table is not guaranteed . ''
5 . Jenni Phillips , what 's on editor
Koj , Regent Street , Cheltenham
`` He 's a genius and his food is incredible . ''
6 . Robin Jenkins , news reporter
The Greatfield Pub , Up Hatherley , Cheltenham
`` It 's nothing fancy but they deliver good traditional British food at a reasonable price .
`` The staff are friendly and the pub is cosy but always modern , with regular refurbishments taking place . ''
7 . Ben Falconer , chief reporter
Dinner at Six , Union Street , Stroud
Bisley House , Middle Street , Stroud
Wild Garlic , Cossack Court Nailsworth
The Vault , Nailsworth
There are some excellent restaurants in the Stroud area .
8 . Conor Gogarty , news reporter
The Vine , High Street , Cheltenham
`` There are lots of great , not overly expensive options at this Thai restaurant .
`` My favourite has to be the delightful massaman curry with seafood . ''
9 . Mark Halliwell , sub-editor
Ask , Montpellier , Cheltenham
`` Nice atmosphere , good service and reasonably priced .
King 's Arms , High Street , Prestbury
`` Good value , especially the Sunday carvery , but can get busy so book first . ''
10 . Louisa Baldwin , what 's on reporter
Bottle of Sauce , Ambrose Street , Cheltenham
A trendy new gastropub in the town centre serving hearty burgers and delicious cocktails .
The perfect spot for weekend drinks and they also do a £5 takeaway pizza deal every Tuesday to Friday .
Students named to Oklahoma Baptist University 's academic honor roll for the fall 2016 semester . President 's Honor Roll Cheyenne : Mckenzie Bohannon Torrance , Lia Hillman ; Elk City : Hannah Christian , Jordan Jackson , Connelly Rader , Libby Unruh ;
You need to login to view the rest of the content . Please Login . Not a Member ? Join Us
ISLAMABAD , Aug 14 ( APP ) : Pakistan Cricket Gala was jointly
organized by Embassy of Pakistan in China and United Bank Limited in
Beijing to mark the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan .
The cricket match was played between Pakistan Embassy Team
and the Pakistani Community Team at Dulwich Cricket Ground Beijing ,
says a statement received here on Monday .
The match was well attended by Pakistani community and gave an
opportunity to display the cricketing talents of Pakistani young
players . Though the match was punctuated by intermittent spells of rain ,
however the spirits were not dampened , the statement added .
Ambassador of Pakistan Masood Khalid was the chief guest on
the occasion and presented trophy to the winning Pakistani community
team .
Jaguar Land Rover 's Special Vehicle Operations ( SVO ) wants North Americans to get acquainted with its most recent undertaking , the 2018 Jaguar XE SV Project 8 . To do so , the car will head to Pebble Beach this week to rub elbows with thousands of enthusiasts , many of whom are flush with cash .
This will be the first time the Jaguar XE SV Project 8 sets a tire in America and we 're more than excited to take a closer look at the 592-horsepower monster from Britain . Power comes from Jaguar 's familiar 5.0-liter supercharged V-8 engine , but SVO has massaged it to produce that substantial horsepower figure . In fact , its the engine 's highest power output rating to date and it also makes the XE SV Project 8 the most powerful Jaguar road car to date .
Power is sent through an 8-speed automatic , and it is then delivered to all four wheels via all-wheel drive . Jaguar says the 0-60-mph sprint happens in just 3.3 seconds and a top speed of 200 mph is possible .
The 2018 XE SV Project 8 absolutely has business being at Pebble Beach . It 's quite an exclusive project as just 300 cars will be built . It also has a very exclusive price tag of $ 192,000 . We 're guessing Jaguar will be happy to take orders on the spot .
Those attending Pebble Beach will find the Jaguar XE SV Project 8 prowling a few events in particular , namely the Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion ; The Quail , A Motorsports Gathering ; and Exotics on Cannery Row .
For more news from Pebble Beach , check out our dedicated hub .
ACCORDING to Office of the Afghan President , China has offered to mediate between Pakistan and Afghanistan to resolve difference between the two countries . In a statement , it said the Chinese Foreign Minister would visit Kabul to discuss the issue and how it could be addressed .
This is yet another manifestation of sincerity of Chinese leadership in extending a helping hand to restore peace in war-torn Afghanistan . In fact , this is in line with the overall strategy of China , which believes in development-oriented and cooperative diplomacy as is reflected by launching of historic initiative of One Belt , One Road . China and Pakistan are in advance stages of implementation of CPEC and peace , stability in Afghanistan could have positive impact on the overall situation . China is also part of the quadrilateral Afghan peace process , which currently is suspended , and there are reports that Chinese Foreign Minister would also discuss the possibility of revival of this process . However , much depends on the attitude of Afghan government and new US administration , which is close to announcing its Afghanistan policy . So far Afghan government is not reciprocating to cooperative and goodwill gestures from Pakistan side and is playing into the hands of India , which has its own axe to grind . As for US administration is concerned , Defence Secretary James Mattis has hinted that the new policy would take into account regional situation especially impact of rivalry between Pakistan and India on situation in Afghanistan . Pakistan has been sensitising Washington that India should not be given responsibilities of watchman in Afghanistan as it has no credentials to play the role honestly . It is using Afghan soil against Pakistan and evidence in this regard has been shared with the United States . In this backdrop , the only option to deal with the problem would be to increase cooperation between Pakistan and Afghanistan and President Ghani should respond positively to the Beijing mediation offer .
Related
The Ontario Energy Board will be holding a community meeting Tuesday in Ingersoll at Unifor Local 88 Union Hall .
Erie Thames Powerlines applied for an increase in electricity rates an average of $ 2.70 per month starting May 1 , 2018 .
The OEB will have the public meeting for people to ask questions and give their opinion on the possible rate increase . Customers of Erie Thames Powerlines can make brief presentations during the meeting and take part in a question and answer section . People interested in making a presentation can sign up by contacting the OEB at registrar @ oeb.ca , calling 1-877-632-2727 or visit www.oeb.ca/participate .
“ We control costs by reviewing and testing the requested rate change through an open and robust review process , ” OEB registrar Kristi Sebalj said in a media release .
“ We hold utilities to account , keeping rates as low as possible , while making sure utilities have what they need to keep the lights on , ” the release added .
A media release from the OEB wrote the increase “ relate to its ( Erie Thames Powerlines ) distribution business and do not reflect any credits or other changes resulting from the Fair Hydro Act , 2017 . ”
The release says the meeting is to inform people on Erie Thames Powerlines costs and rate application , how people can get involved in the OEB 's rate review process and offer comments to the OEB on Erie Thames Powerlines application .
The release noted the OEB has just started to look at the rate application , with the review process normally taking between six to nine months to allow all parties a chance to participate .
“ It 's up to the utility to prove to the OEB why it needs a rate increase to cover these costs , ” Sebalj said in the release . “ Utilities rarely get all they ask for . ”
The OEB has reviewed more than 130 major rate applications from 2009 to 2016 and reduced rate increase an average of about 40 per cent , the release said , and have held 30 community meetings since 2016 .
Erie Thames Powerlines serves customers throughout Oxford County , with their website saying Tavistock , Embro , East-Zorra , Ingersoll , Beachville , Burgessville , Norwich and Otterville fall in their territory of more than 18,000 customers .
The OEB is Ontario 's independent energy regulator for electricity and natural gas . The organization makes final decisions on energy rates after energy providers apply for changes in prices .
To read Erie Thames Powerlines application , visit : http : //bit.ly/ErieThames
What : Public meeting by the Ontario Energy Board
When : Tuesday from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m .
Where : Unifor Local 88 Union Hall at 364 Victoria Street in Ingersoll
Why : To hear from locals about a possible electricity rate increase by Erie Thames Powerlines
gcolgan @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/GregatWSR
Italian Serie A giants AC Milan have joined the race to to sign want-away Juventus star Kwadwo Asamoah , according to reports .
Calciomercato claims the Ghana international has already bought a house in Milan and seemed destined to join Inter but the Rossoneri can hijack the deal .
Asamoah is reported to have rejected a contract extension at Juventus and has already reached an agreement in principle with Inter .
The 29-year-old joined Juventus in 2012 from Udinese and has spent his whole senior career in Italy .
A move to either Inter or AC Milan would be a big boost for both clubs as they have had their defensive struggles over the season .
The Blade Z Max is a big phone with a 4,080mAh battery that does n't cost all that much .
Do n't turn your nose up at a budget device . For many smartphones users , that 's often the only kind they can afford , and they should n't have to settle .
The ZTE Blade Z Max is one of those devices that may seem like it skimps on features because of its comparatively meager price tag , but it 's a nice little big smartphone for those who consume content rapturously and do n't care too much about wielding the latest specifications . For $ 130 at MetroPCS , the Blade Z Max offers a whopper of a battery for those looking to get through an entire day without having to cart around an extra battery pack . It also comes with a dual camera setup that 's similar to what some of the flagships are offering .
Advertisement
Big body , big screen
I 've already had it slide off my desk twice .
The ZTE Blade Z Max 's 6-inch Full HD display hearkens back to the Nexus 6 days when large screens were still in vogue . I miss this form factor a bit , if only because it was easier to type on the screen with two thumbs . The Blaze Z Max is suitable for that , as well as displaying all your favorite video content . It 's outfitted with a 1080p display , and though its colors are n't as premium or as calibrated as what you 'd see on a Galaxy S8 , for example , apps like YouTube and Google Photos look just as they would on any other flagship device . The Blade Z Max also has Dragontrail Glass protecting the front . It 's essentially another version of Corning 's Gorilla Glass , though Japanese company , Asahi manufactures it . It 's also worth noting that while the display is pleasantly smooth to the touch , it slides around when placed face-down . I 've already had it slide off my desk twice .
The chassis design of the Blade Z Max is a little dated when spotted from afar , though the soft-ridged back side helps add a bit of that next generation design touch . It 's grippy , which is nice considering the front side is slippery . There 's a speaker grill on the back , too , as well as a headphone jack on the bottom . There 's also a comfortably placed fingerprint scanner on the rear , which is surprisingly fast and responsive for a smartphone this price .
Advertisement
The Specs
Category Spec Operating System Android 7.1.1 Nougat Display 6-inch Full HD IPS LCD
2.5D Dragontrail Glass Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 RAM 2GB Storage 32GB Expandable Yes , up to 128GB Battery 4,080mAh Charging USB-C
Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0 Water resistance No Rear Camera 1 16MP
PDAF Rear Camera 2 2MP
PDAF Front Camera 8MP Audio Dual-mic noise suppression
Dolby Surround Connectivity LTE 2CA
802.11 a/b/g/n dual-band
Bluetooth 4.2 Security Rear fingerprint sensor SIM Nano-SIM slot Network MetroPCS Dimensions 6.54 x 3.33 x 0.33 inches Weight 6.17 ounces
Inside , the ZTE Blade Z Max runs on a 1.4GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor and 2GB of RAM , which is worrisome if you 're considering playing mobile games of the sort , even the simpler ones . The memory standard for most mid-range smartphones these days is now 3GB of RAM . At least there 's 32GB of onboard storage in addition to a microSD expansion slot . The Blade Z Max also charges by USB-C , so you wo n't be stuck in an archaic charging ecosystem because you were on a budget . And if you 're finding that you 're often scrambling for a charging station halfway through the day , the ZTE Blade Z Max 's 4080mah battery should be very enticing .
2GB of RAM is worrisome if you 're considering playing any mobile games .
The Blade Z Max comes with Android 7.1.1 right out of the box and features the latest security patches . The interface is relatively tame compared to other versions of Android in the budget realm , though there 's a bit of configuration with the way the icons look . The settings panel also offers a few options that are n't typically available on other Android devices , like the ability to switch around navigation buttons . MetroPCS has bundled some of its apps , too , like Lookout Security & Antivirus , and you ca n't delete them . Still , you 'll have roughly 19GB of storage space to claim your own .
Dual Camera on a budget
In addition to a whopper of a battery , the Blade Z Max also offers dual rear-facing cameras . ZTE equipped this one with a 16-megapixel camera and a 2-megapixel camera . They work in tandem to help achieve bokeh and `` portrait mode '' effects , as well as a cheesy sort of mono-color effect .
The camera is pretty capable for a budget device . It also comes equipped with a time-lapse , multi exposure , and panorama mode , as well as a fully robust manual mode . Not only is there a helpful onboarding experience for newcomers to the manual camera experience , but you can also set up to 60-second intervals for continuous shooting . There are also built-in photo and video filters if you 're into that sort of thing , and the 8-megapixel front-facing camera comes equipped with a smoothing-out beauty mode .
Will the Blaze Z Max become one of those devices that allow you to leave your camera at home ? Not on the pivotal days of your life . But for recording confessionals and sharing them with social media , it 's pretty competent . The camera is n't as fast as other devices , but it offers some flagship-like features that you wo n't typically get at this price point .
How much is it again ?
The ZTE Blade Z Max will be at MetroPCS for $ 130 . It will replace the aging Z Max Pro , and ZTE is hoping this particular smartphone will help officially establish its mid-range lineup in the U.S . If you 're on a budget carrier , expect to see this particular series of devices to pop up in the future . We 'll have a full review of the device for you in the comings weeks , including how it works on the MetroPCS network .
See at MetroPCS
1967 — Bayern München wins 7th Europe Cup II at Neurenberg , Germany .
1975 — Fred Newman makes 12,874 baskets in a one-day basketball exhibition .
1983 — 37th NBA Championship : Philadelphia 76ers sweep Los Angeles Lakers in four games .
1985 — New Orleans Saints franchise is sold for US $ 70,204,000 .
1986 — The 1986 FIFA World Cup begins in Mexico .
1987 — Stanley Cup : Edmonton Oilers beat Philadelphia Flyers , 4 games to 3 .
1996 — FIFA decides to give the FIFA World Cup 2002 to Japan and South Korea , becoming the first World Cup with co-host countries in the history of the event , as well as the first World Cup in Asia .
1997 — Canadian Donovan Bailey beats American Michael Johnson in 150-metre race .
2002 — The 2002 FIFA World Cup begins , co-hosted by South Korea and Japan .
2008 — Usain Bolt of Jamaica sets a world record of 9.72 seconds in the 100-metre sprint at the Reebok Grand Prix at Icahn Stadium in New York .
A Clinton-area teenager accused of killing his parents has been found dead at the Clinton County Jail .
Eighteen-year-old Gavin Glasz of rural DeWitt was found early Sunday morning hanging by a bed sheet tied to the cell bars . He was found by a Clinton County jailer who was making his regular rounds . Clinton Fire Department paramedics attempted to revive Glasz but were unsuccessful .
Glasz was being held in the Clinton County Jail on two counts of murder in the first-degree . He was arrested on June 13 , 2017 in connection with the death of his parents . “ The homicide case against Gavin Glasz for the deaths of Brian and Michelle Glasz will be dismissed due to Gavin 's death , ” said Clinton County Attorney Mike Wolf .
An investigation into the death of Gavin Glasz is being conducted by the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation and the Clinton County Sheriff 's Office . “ There is no suspicion of foul play due to a note that was written by Gavin prior to his death , ” said Clinton County Sheriff Rick Lincoln . The cause and manner of death will be determined by the Iowa Office of the State Medical Examiner pending an autopsy .
( By Dave Vickers , KROS , Clinton )
Auston Matthews , now sporting a lion tattoo on his right shoulder and bicep , watched Sidney Crosby hoist the Stanley Cup with a bit of awe.Crosby and Evgeni Malkin , it seemed , got better as the playoffs got longer . The Pittsburgh Penguins ' best players played their best . And that was the difference. “ It 's no secret he 's the best player in the world for a reason , ” Matthews said . “ Watching — not only him but Malkin as well — when the Penguins needed a boost or a big play or a lift , it seemed to come from one of those two guys . That exemplifies their leadership and what they mean to that team. “ It was definitely different watching this year than years before , having played in the playoffs and wanting to be in that position . Definitely , there 's a lot to be learned. ” Matthews got an up-close look at Crosby 's desire to win when the two went head to head in an NHL skills competition at the all-star game . Crosby even played mind games with Matthews to try to get the better of the rookie.Article Continued Below “ He does n't like losing and he does n't want to take a backseat to anybody . He wants to be the best , ” Matthews said . “ And he 's been the best for however long he 's been in the league . That 's what separates those guys. ” The qualities he sees in Crosby are qualities Matthews hopes others see in him. “ If you want to be the best , those are the kinds of qualities you need , ” Matthews said . “ It 's the mindset you want to have to be successful individually but to help the team win as well . He 's been a pretty good example of that , his leadership qualities , and what he can do on the ice and off the ice as well , and how he is in that locker room . ”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has confirmed Birmingham have made a 'good offer ' to sign former Chelsea defender John Terry .
Terry will become a free agent on July 1 when he ends a memorable 22-year association with the Premier League champions .
The former England skipper has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs including Stoke , West Brom and Bournemouth while he has also been linked with moves to the United States and China .
But Redknapp is hopeful that he can persuade the 36-year-old to drop down into the Championship and become one of the leading figures at the Midlands club next season .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
Terry has already lined up under Redknapp this summer during Michael Carrick 's testimonial at Old Trafford and the Blues boss used the opportunity to have a good discussion with Terry on what Birmingham could offer him next season .
Redknapp , speaking on talkSPORT , said : `` I 'd love to have him at the football club . He 's a fantastic captain and great leader .
`` We 've made him a good offer and we have done the best we can . It 's up to John now , but we would love him at Birmingham .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` He played for me the other week in Michael Carrick 's testimonial . I had John at the back with Jamie Carragher and I would have them two together all day long . They were fantastic .
`` I had a chat with him and said to him come in - he 's doing his coaching badges - have a year or two and who knows what he wants to do in the future ? ''
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in .
College football will return to Chicago 's Wrigley Field in 2020 , when Northwestern hosts Wisconsin at the Friendly Confines .
The Chicago Tribune first reported the scheduling move , which ESPN has confirmed with sources . The game will be formally announced Tuesday at Wrigley Field .
Northwestern last played at Wrigley in 2010 when it hosted Illinois , a game best remembered for the teams using only one end zone because of safety concerns . Recent renovations to the ballpark will create enough space for a field with two usable end zones for Northwestern and Wisconsin on Nov. 7 , 2020 .
The Tribune reported that Northwestern selected Wisconsin as the Wrigley opponent over Illinois , which it hosts Nov. 28 , because the Wildcats did n't want to give any marketing advantages to their in-state rival .
Wrigley Field will be the second unique venue for Wisconsin that season , as the Badgers will face Notre Dame at Lambeau Field in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Miami Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria , center , walks by Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez , right , and Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado , during the unveiling ceremony of the official logo of the 2017 All-Star Game at Marlins Park . The ceremony took place before the Marlins-Phillies game on Wednesday , July 27 , 2016 . Pedro Portal pportal @ elnuevoherald.com
RIDING HIGH : Young riders compete in equestrian events last year at the Coffs Harbour Agricultural Show .
RIDING HIGH : Young riders compete in equestrian events last year at the Coffs Harbour Agricultural Show . Keagan Elder
Bleeding control of the injured
What : Lean what to do if you 're first on scene before an ambulance and gain vital skills , knowledge and confidence to control a life-threatening bleed .
Participants will learn about recognising a life-threatening bleed , direct pressure bleeding control , arterial tourniquets and wound packing .
Where : Park Beach Bowls Club .
When : Saturday from 10am-12.30pm .
Visit goo.gl/SEKqJp
The Grigoryan Brothers
What : For this performance The Grigoryan Brothers will be performing works from their latest release which sees a return to classical repertoire .
The album will include songs by composers such as Bach , Elgar , Dvorak , Rachmaninoff , Faure , De Falla and Ponce all masterfully arranged for them by their father Edward .
Where : Jetty Memorial Theatre .
When : Friday from 7.30-10.30pm .
Jay Hoad
What : Fijian-born multi instrumentalist Jay Hoad has spent the last ten years touring all over the planet performing his unique show with over 17 instruments on stage . Do n't miss your
chance to see him live and local .
Where : The Hoey Moey .
When : Friday from 6.30-9.30pm .
Bollywood beach market
What : A market with Bollywood flavour . Enjoy live music , local produce and more by the beach .
Where : Woolgoolga Reserve .
When : Saturday , April 28 .
Coffs Harbour Show
What : There 's cattle , fireworks , demolition derby , horses , an exhibition hall , poultry , showgirl competition , wood chopping , rides and sideshows , kids zone , farmyard animals and more to enjoy at the show .
Where : Coffs Harbour Showground .
When : Saturday and Sunday from 10am-10pm daily .
Bench Memorializes Former Brighton DDA Director
December 11 , 2017
A bench commemorating the man who was known as a visionary for what downtown Brighton has become has been installed in his memory .
The Brighton Art Guild worked with Hell Creek Forge on the project to memorialize former Downtown Development Authority Director Matt Modrack . Modrak came to Brighton in 2005 and was instrumental in helping shape the downtown area into what it has become . He was also known as an ardent supporter of the arts and as one who loved to sail . Modrack passed away in August 2016 .
Brighton Art Guild member Sarah Grusin said they were honored to take on this project as it would reflect well on their organization , the city , and the man . She said Modrack was very important to the arts in Brighton and that the guild wanted to show him that they appreciated his caring and devotion .
The bench is made of marble and stone , with wood incorporated from one of Modrack 's sailboats . A brass plaque graces it that reads , “ Sailor , Visionary , and Friend of the Arts. ” The bench was installed Wednesday by blacksmith James Roth on the east side of the building at 202 West Main Street in Brighton . It faces the Mill Pond so that visitors can sit and rest on it while overlooking the city that Modrack helped shape . ( Photo- James Roth , Facebook ) ( MK )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bajaj Holdings And Investment Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL SHARE OF PROFIT AFTER TAX OF ASSOCIATES 6.46 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 5.22 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL PAT 2.69 BILLION RUPEES
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 3.18 BILLION RUPEES
* CONSOL PAT IN DEC QUARTER LAST YEAR WAS 1.24 BILLION RUPEES ; CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS WAS 2.76 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2BOYGqG Further company coverage :
Vijender Singh vs Lee Markham insight and prediction
Shreyansh Ojha FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 14 // 04 Jul 2018 , 20:44 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Indian boxing star faces Lee Markham for his 3rd title .
What is it ?
Indian poster boy of professional boxing Vijender Singh will face Lee Markham for the vacant Commonwealth super middleweight title on 13th of July . Last time when Vijender fought against Ghana 's Ernest Amuzu in December 2017 he was not challenged much as Amuzu could not pose much threat to a technically superior Vijender .
This time he faces a British boxer who has been inactive for more than a year . The activity level of Vijender 's Singh 's pro career needs improvement . Super Middleweight category right now is lacking the momentum and after the retirement of Carl Froch , things seem to be moving slowly without making much noise . This is a blessing in disguise for Vijender Singh as he can quickly rise to the top provided He and Queensberry Promotion develop an enhanced risk-taking attitude .
Lee Markham ( 22M-17W-4L-1D )
The 31-year-old British boxer is not known as a ferocious puncher . After evaluating his record and the videos available on the internet , he seems to be technically sound and durable with a decent hand speed . Of all his losses , Lee has never been knocked out . He is capable of going the distance without losing much steam and since this time Vijender is fighting in Britain , it can prove to be a major hurdle as Vijender is going to need a knock-out more than his opponent does .
Lee lost his last match against another British boxer Joe Mullender and has been inactive since . Vijender will be looking to take advantage of the ring rust which Markham would have probably developed .
Vijender Singh ( 10M-10W-0L )
In India , Vijender Singh is a well-known athlete . After turning pro he has inspired a lot of Indian boxers to take up professional boxing including Commonwealth champion Vikas Krishan who has already expressed his desire to turn pro .
Vijender has been successful until now in his career but the real challenge has only begun to arrive . If Vijender wins this match then tough opponents including Rocky Fielding , Gilberto Ramirez , George Groves , Callum Smith , Rohan Murdock could be next . In his last fight against Amuzu , Vijender looked very sharp .
Vijender 's technical abilities are well known and his durability is beyond doubt . His stamina was also better in his last fight as he was trying to knock out his opponent until the last round . The only thing to worry right now is time .
Vijender will turn 33 in October and his peak years are not going to return . It 's better if team Vijender is able to manage bigger fights because the clock is ticking .
What to expect
This is not an easy fight but Vijender can not afford to lose at all as this is a make or break fight for him . Vijender has fought the previous four of his fights in India and hence the home advantage was definitely there but this time that will not be the case .
Going by the talent level of the two boxers 2008 Olympic Bronze medalist definitely has an edge but Vijender must try to win this fight via knockout or else the Judges may think otherwise .
Prediction
Vijender has the technical ability and the power to deliver a knockout . The author believes Vijender 's 8th knockout win is about to arrive .
Washington
CIA Director Mike Pompeo says Saudi Arabia is working directly with Israel on confronting “ challenges ” in the Middle East , suggesting that the two sides could go as far as setting up “ a joint military headquarters . ”
Speaking at the Reagan National Defense Forum in California , Pompeo cited Daesh , Iran and “ failed states ” as posing a challenge to both Saudi Arabia and Israel , advising the two sides to develop their relationship .
“ We 've seen them [ Saudis ] work with the Israelis to push back against terrorism throughout the Middle East , to the extent we can continue to develop those relationships and work alongside them – the [ Persian ] Gulf states and broader Middle East will likely be more secure , ” he said .
“ It is incredibly important that in the Middle East , where we have failed states , where you have ISIS , where you have Iran , that we have got to develop a stronger coalition of countries that are willing to work together to confront these challenges , ” he added .
Both Israel and Saudi Arabia are alarmed by the growing power of Lebanon 's Hezbollah movement which has been key to breaking the grip of Takfiri terrorists and other militants on territories in Iraq and Syria .
Pompeo called for building “ a strong coalition that can operate – frankly I think with a joint military headquarters that can… target the terrorists in that region , that can basically work together to try to provide stability . ”
Saudi Arabia 's closeness to Israel has come in the wake of Riyadh 's aggressive policies under its new rulers who have launched a destructive war on Yemen .
The kingdom has also ratcheted up its hostile rhetoric against Iran , threatening to draw a possible future conflict inside the Iranian territory .
Saudi Arabia has further been associated with Takfiri groups wreaking havoc in Syria and Iraqi for years . With Daesh almost eliminated , the US , Israel , Saudi Arabia and their allies are said to be shoring up Nusra Front terrorists in Syria .
Last month , Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz said Tel Aviv had had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia , in the first official acknowledgement of such relations .
“ We have ties that are indeed partly covert with many Muslim and Arab countries , and usually [ we are ] the party that is not ashamed , ” he said in an interview on Army Radio . Yaacov Nagel , who stepped down as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's internal security adviser earlier this year , said Saudi Arabia was ready to sacrifice Palestinians and their demands for closer ties with Israel .
“ They do n't like [ the Palestinians ] more than us or less than us , ” he said , adding the Saudis “ do n't give a damn ” about the Palestinians . Saudis ready to sacrifice Palestine : Ex-Netanyahu aide Yaacov Nagel says Saudi Arabia would approve of almost any agreement between Israel and Palestinians to further “ normalize ” relations with Israel .
Egypt and Jordan are the only two Arab governments that have official diplomatic ties with Tel Aviv and host Israeli missions .
The rest of the Arab governments have no open diplomatic relations with the Israeli regime .
Netanyahu , however , has said his regime had ties with the Arab world , and that the relations were improving.—Agencies
Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - Azurrx Biopharma Inc-
* Azurrx Biopharma Inc - ‍on August 7 , 2017 , Azurrx Biopharma , Inc entered into a sublicense agreement with Transchem , Inc. - sec filing​
* Azurrx Biopharma- ‍transchem granted co exclusive license to patents , patent apps related to helicobacter pylori 5'-methylthioadenosine nucleosidase inhibitors​ Source text : ( bit.ly/2vXjwFJ ) Further company coverage :
Fifa boss Gianni Infantino has told the BBC that he is sad no African team made it to the knock-out stages of the World Cup .
All five African teams – Egypt , Morocco , Nigeria , Senegal and Tunisia – exited this year 's competition in the group stages .
He told the BBC 's Piers Edwards in Moscow :
The World Cup is for the whole world and the African teams were very , very close at the end .
An Asian [ team ] made it – an African not – but I think they will be ready soon for the next one . ”
With regard to criticism over fair play rulings , the Fifa president said there would be a debrief after the tournament to see if anything could be done better .
After Japan and Senegal finished level on points , goals scored and goal difference , the Africans became the first team to exit a World Cup because of their disciplinary record .
Knowing the situation , Japan – for whom extra bookings could have resulted in elimination -played out the final 10 minutes of their game against Poland at walking pace despite trailing 1-0 .
The Senegalese Football Federation has written a letter of complaint to Fifa , saying teams should be punished for playing in a way which it says went against the principles of football .
NEW YORK ( AP )  A U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer tried to help two drug couriers sneak about 100 pounds of cocaine past screeners at Kennedy Airport , federal authorities said in court papers .
A criminal complaint , newly unsealed in federal court in Brooklyn , charges Fernando Marte with drug-smuggling conspiracy . Marte was in custody on Tuesday following his arrest last week .
Marte was on duty and in uniform when the couriers  a man and a woman traveling on a JetBlue flight from the Dominican Republic  arrived at JFK with two carry-on suitcases , according to court papers .
Security video shows Marte greeting the pair , escorting them past a primary inspection point and into the baggage claim area to get a cart for their bags , the papers say . Once they reached a secondary inspection point , Marte spoke to other customs officers there , investigators said .
Advertisement
After the conversation , the woman `` was not stopped , searched or otherwise interviewed '' before going outside with the bags , the papers say . But before her companion could leave , other customs officers stopped him and the woman . Both were arrested after the officers discovered bricks of cocaine wrapped in duct tape in the luggage .
The complaint says an informant told investigators Marte had also helped sneak another drug mule through airport inspection points last year . The officer has worked for U.S. Customs and Border Protection for about five years .
Robert Perez , director of the agency 's New York operations , said in a statement : `` We do not tolerate corruption or abuse within our ranks , and will aggressively investigate allegations of criminal or administrative misconduct by any of our personal , on or off duty . ''
There was no immediate response to a request for comment from Marte 's lawyer .
New Delhi ( ABC Live ) : Towards Pollution Free Planet : While pollution has considerably negative impacts on human health and ecosystems , it is controllable and avoidable through political leadership , high-level champions and commitments , as well with local level action , says a new report launched today by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) .
The report , Towards a pollution-free planet , was launched during the first Conference of Parties for the Minamata Convention , which addresses mercury issues and ahead of the annual UN Environment Assembly , to be held in early December .
“ Pollution is a universal challenge [ but ] the good news is that we already know what we need to do to prevent and reduce it , ” UNEP Executive Director Erik Solheim said , stressing that “ now the responsibility is on governments , businesses , cities and local authorities , civil society and individuals around the world to commit to act to beat pollution in all its forms . ”
Outlining the negative impacts pollution has especially on the poor and the vulnerable and its direct threat to human rights ; limited responses by governments , business and citizens to existing pollution ; and the challenges of the current actions , the report suggests five overarching actions .
A global compact on pollution would make pollution prevention a priority for all ;
Environmental governance needs to be strengthened at all levels ;
Sustainable consumption and production , through improved resource efficiency and lifestyle changes , should be promoted ; waste reduction and management must be prioritized ;
Investment in cleaner production and consumption will help to counter pollution ; and
Multi-stakeholder partnerships and collaborations are vital for the innovation , knowledge-sharing and transdisciplinary research needed to develop technological and ecosystems- based solutions .
Also proposed in the report are 50 concrete actions to curb pollution in various forms , with a call for strong high-level political commitment and engagement of local government , civil society and other stakeholders .
The report stresses that although some forms of pollution have been reduced as technologies and management strategies have advanced , approximately 19 million premature deaths are estimated to occur annually as a result of the way societies use natural resources and impact the environment to support production and consumption .
“ If consumption and production patterns continue as they are , the linear economic model of ‘ take-make-dispose ' will seriously burden an already-polluted planet , affecting current and future generations , ” the report 's foreword concludes .
Farmington Hills Harrison John Herrington is a win away from becoming the state 's all-time winningest coach . ( Photo : Steve Perez , Detroit News )
Farmington Hills — Legendary Farmington Hills Harrison coach John Herrington expected a physical , low scoring battle in the Oakland Activities Association White Division showdown with No . 14 Oak Park Friday night at the sports complex named in his honor .
Herrington was attempting to earn his 430th career win to match Al Fracassa as the state 's all-time winningest coach and more importantly take a step closer to earning a state playoff appearance after missing out on postseason play a year ago .
Meanwhile , Oak Park was looking to spoil his night to clinch at least a share of the division title .
Harrison ( 5-2 , 5-1 ) made sure Herrington got his record , intercepting Oak Park junior Dwan Mathis — a Michigan State commit — twice in the second half , getting a field goal off of one and ending a Oak Park scoring threat on another to power its way to a 17-14 victory in rainy conditions .
Herrington can own the record by himself with a Homecoming win next Friday against Berkley , which entered Friday night with a 1-5 record . Harrison also can clinch a playoff spot .
“ It 's great , but I was really more into getting this win to have a chance at the playoffs , '' said Herrington , who is in his 48th year as Harrison 's coach . `` It ( record ) means a lot , but getting that win means more .
“ They ( Oak Park ) are a great team , No . 1 in Oakland County and we had n't won a big game in a while . We 've been beating teams that were n't that good , but we had n't won a big game so it 's big for our players . ”
Oak Park ( 5-2 , 5-1 ) looked sharp on its first drive , moving into Harrison territory before Mathis came up a yard short of a first down on a fourth-and-9 play at the 34 .
Harrison advanced to Oak Park 's 17 on its first drive before Noah Hendricks was sacked by Desmond Cleveland and Justin Rogers , forcing a 43-yard field goal which was short .
Harrison had a short field to work with on its second drive after a short punt , starting at Oak Park 's 43 and taking advantage of the situation when Rod Heard scored on a 29-yard run in the opening minute of the second quarter .
Oak Park , which had outscored its previous five opponents 220-14 , answered with a 12-yard touchdown run by Cashual Goldsmith , which was set up by his 13-yard run on a fourth-and-2 from the 25 . However , Oak Park 's PAT fell under the crossbar , giving the lead to Harrison , 7-6 .
Hendricks led Harrison on a 64-yard touchdown drive in the final minutes of the half , finding Notre Dame-bound Ovie Oghoufo for a 36-yard pass to get into Oak Park territory at the 19 .
Hendricks scored on a 1-yard quarterback sneak on the final play of the half for a 14-6 cushion . He had hooked up with Oghoufo for a 27-yard completion on the opening drive .
Mathis was 2-for-5 for 21 yards in the opening half , then had his first pass of the second half intercepted by Jerrin Harvey , who stepped in front of the Oak Park receiver near the right sideline and returned it to the 11 . Harrison failed to punch the ball into the end zone , settling for a 36-yard field goal by David Hiser for a 17-6 cushion .
“ I saw an out and I let him ( receiver ) go a bit , just read it , jumped the pass and grabbed it , '' Harvey said . `` I got it and was trying to score , did n't score , but it set up that field goal which was huge . ''
Oak Park pulled with 17-14 with 4:23 left in the third on Gary Gayle 's 27-yard run , followed by Mathis ' two-point conversion .
Oak Park had a chance to take the lead early in the fourth when it looked like Mathis had scored on a 40-yard run on a fourth-and-1 , but a holding call brought it back , giving Oak Park a first down at the 18 .
Oak Park 's threat would end with an interception by Nik Cotton at the 6 .
Harrison then ate up more than five minutes with Hendricks running for 19 yards on a third-and-4 play from the Harrison 9 , then getting off a pooch punt on a fourth-and-4 at the Oak Park 45 , putting it at the 11 .
Mathis finished 3 of 9 for 38 yards and fumbled on a fourth-down pass from his own 24 in the final seconds that was forced by Harrison 's Caleb Sparks . Goldsmith had 105 yards on 17 carries with 92 coming in the first half .
“ Our defensive is unbelievable , '' Oghoufo said . `` I feel we 're the best in the state . Playmakers make plays and ( Sparks ) made a big play . ”
david.goricki @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/DavidGoricki
6:54 by ENCA Have your say : Court to rule if Grace Mugabe can be assault case respondent
PRETORIA - AfriForum and Gabriella Engels will hear on Friday whether Grace Mugabe can be added to their court application for a review of government 's decision to grant Zimbabwe 's first lady diplomatic immunity after she was accused of assault .
Attention nonprofits and NGOs ! Apply to showcase in Startup Alley at TechCrunch Disrupt SF on Wednesday , September 20th .
In 2014 , TechCrunch launched the Include Program to promote diversity within the tech world . As part of this program , TechCrunch invites select nonprofits and NGOs to exhibit in Startup Alley at TechCrunch Disrupt San Francisco . Showcasing in the Alley gives unprecedented access to investors , entrepreneurs and global press .
This year , TechCrunch will select and host three organizations to exhibit in Startup Alley on Wednesday , September 20th . NGOs and nonprofits qualify for the space if they are a registered 501c3 ( or have had equivalent status for at least three years ) , have not participated with TC Disrupt in 2017 and support underserved and underrepresented communities in tech . Preference is given to local organizations . Companies can apply here .
As part of their participation , organizations will receive two full conference passes , one demo/exhibit space , inclusion in the printed program guide and online program guide , branded table-top signage , power and Wi-Fi . Selected organizations will have the opportunity to network and engage with hundreds of entrepreneurs , investors and press from around the world .
Applications are open from now till August 21st . Groups will be notified of their participation status on August 23rd . If you have additional questions , please email startupalley @ techcrunch.com
A subset of smart locks made by Lockstate have been bricked after an update . The smart lock vendor is part of Airbnb 's Host Assist program , and integrates with the accommodation rental platform so , for instance , hosts can automatically generate and email one-time codes for their guests to use during check-in .
TechCrunch was alerted to the problem by a Lockstate customer , Ruffin Prevost , who forwarded us the email he had received from the company informing him of the “ fatal error ” following a software update .
Two models of Lockstate smart lock are apparently affected , one of which currently retails for $ 469 .
In the mass mailer email , which begins “ Dear Lockstate customer ” and summarizes its contents as an “ update ” pertaining to LockState 6i/6000i , affected customers are asked to wait as long as 18 days for a full replacement . Or up to a week if they choose to remove and send the back portion of the lock to the company for repair .
The email adds that Lockstate will pay for shipping and return “ within the continental US ” . And will provide affected customers with “ 1 year of free service for the LockState Connect Portal for these locks ” .
“ We hope that you will give us a chance to regain your trust , ” it concludes .
Airbnb offers a $ 50 discount code for purchasing integrated Lockstate products in its Host Assist program — where it describes the recommended smart locks as “ revolutionary ” and capable of withstanding “ high usage ” .
Prevost , an Airbnb host , said he owns two LockState 6i locks , which are used on two interior apartment doors that are rented out on Airbnb 's platform .
“ The firmware killed the locks mid-morning on Monday , when we happened to be cleaning rooms . We keep keys to both locks in a mechanical lockbox in the hallway in case of dead batteries or failures . So even though the keypads were n't working , we could still use those keys to open , close and lock the doors manually , ” he told TechCrunch .
As well as being understandably annoyed about the update bricking both locks , Prevost is critical of how the company has handled customer outreach and support .
“ The company is not making good use of social media to help stranded lock owners . They 're mainly trying to handle it all privately via email , ” he said , adding : “ I have had considerable problems with the locks and the company 's support in the past . ”
At the time of writing neither Lockstate nor Airbnb had not responded to requests for comment .
Several affected customers , including Prevost , took to Twitter to try to figure out how widespread the problem was . Prevost says he was eventually able to speak to a marketing manager at Lockstate , who told him about eight per cent ( or around 500 ) of the company 's locks are affected .
“ The company initially told me they had no extra locks to send me for a replacement and I 'd have to wait up to 20 days . After word started getting around late Friday about all this , the marketing director left me a message that they had now gotten some extra locks somehow . But I had already sent back parts of both my locks , ” he added .
“ When I asked why he did n't post a detailed notice explaining the problem and detailing how folks could send in their defective gear or otherwise jump-start and accelerate the support process through sharing information online , he said : ‘ Sometimes the best way is to reach out to them in mass through a vehicle like Twitter . But I 've got to sell new locks as well . Promoting that there is a problem with less than 8 percent of our locks does n't help that . '
“ That mindset is my biggest beef with Lockstate . ”
Lockstate 's terms of service include the following warranty disclaimer —
CUSTOMER AGREES THAT LOCKSTATE AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE ON AN “ AS IS ” BASIS . NEITHER LOCKSTATE NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE OR THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT , WHETHER EXPRESS , IMPLIED , STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE , AND LOCKSTATE ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS , MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
So , as is typical with Internet-connected devices , the buyer remains at the ongoing mercy of the company whose digital service is necessary to enable the paid-for hardware to function as intended — in this case for access control .
And also — as Prevost was using it — integrated into his Airbnb host customer service workflow with the aim of making it easier for him to manage guests by generating and sending one-time access codes ahead of time .
So faced with two doors having unresponsive locks for at least a week , what did Prevost do ? A lot of extra work , basically — manually replacing both dud locks with two non-Internet-connected-keypad alternatives that he had previously been using , and reprogramming those with the codes previously generated by the ( now ) dumb Lockstate locks .
“ Our Airbnb guests were never inconvenienced , ” he added . Clearly the same could not be said of Prevost .
Asked whether he intends to continue to use the product , he illustrated how much of a lock-in a tightly integrated connected device can represent , telling us : “ I have six months of Airbnb guest codes for advance bookings already set up and sent out to the guests via email , all as a function of how those locks operate . Manually reprogramming all of those codes or contacting each guest with new codes would be a big productivity loss compounded by this IoT failure . So I 'm taking the company at their word that they can fix the locks and have all my cloud data loaded back in . ”
“ At this point I 've ‘ de-integrated ' the locks from Airbnb so the cloud is n't generating new codes for those locks . We 'll see where things stand at year 's end when most of those pre-programmed guests have cycled through , ” he added .
Another lock-in evidently discouraging Prevost from switching to an alternative smart ( or dumb ) lock is a physical/aesthetic consideration — with specific holes having had to be drilled in the doors to accommodate Lockstate 's product . “ Removing the locks leaves a big hole that I have to patch or cover with some other similar size/shape lock , ” he noted .
Prevost says he 's now expecting the reprogrammed backplates back from Lockstate this week — having sent them to the company on Thursday .
“ It still has n't clearly explained publicly what happened , why , or how they will ensure this wo n't happen again . And word is getting out anyway , so any efforts to keep this under wraps have not worked , and have only been a disservice to the customer , ” he added .
“ They initially told me it would be 14-20 days for a new lock . But they did n't explain the degree of the problem , which would have helped us understand why the delay was so long . Many customers balked ( including me ) and said , ‘ No , send me a new lock right now . ' Rather than explain the magnitude of the problem ( 500 bad locks and apparently no inventory in reserve ) , the company appeared to ignore those of us complaining the loudest . ”
As a kicker , it 's not the first problem Prevost has experienced with Lockstate 's products either , after the initial locks he bought a year ago arrived with defective hardware .
“ They had to send me several new locks ( some of the new stuff was also defective ) to get up and running initially . So if I 've experienced problems with hardware , software and support . What else is there ? ”
PKL Auction 2018 : List of all players participating in this year 's PKL auction
A total of 421 players are set to go under the hammer in the auction
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST News 30 May 2018 , 13:55 IST 5.72K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Deepak Niwas Hooda is sure to earn a fat contract with his all-round prowess
The full list of players who will go under the hammer on the May 30th and 31st 2018 was released by the organisers , which will feature the likes of Anup Kumar and Rahul Chaudhari , amongst others .
A total of 422 players are set to be auctioned across the two days which will also see 58 overseas players and 87 youngsters from the Future Kabaddi Heroes programme in line to earn a contract with one of the twelve teams in the picture .
Ahead of the auctions , 21 elite players have been retained by nine franchises with U Mumba , Jaipur Pink Panthers and U.P Yoddha opting to release all their players in an approach to start afresh . The 'Final Bid Match ' card , which is set to add a new dimension to the auctions that also offers teams a chance to get back some of their players from the previous seasons .
Here is the full list of players , who will be going under the hammer divided according to their playing positions -- raiders , defenders and all-rounders . This list excludes the players , who have been retained by the franchises , and the New Young Players .
Raiders
Category A
Jang Kun Lee
Anup Kumar
Deepak Narwal
K Prapanjan
Kashiling Adake
Monu Goyat
Nitin Tomar
Pawan Kumar
Rahul Chaudhari
Rishank Devadiga
Shrikant Jadhav
Sukesh Hegde
Wazir Singh
Category B
Abolfazl Maghsodloumahali
Abhinandan Kumar
Ajay Kumar
Chandran Ranjith
Surjeet Singh
Darshan Kadian
Deepak Kumar Dahiya
GU Jothirlingam
Jasvir Singh
K Jayaseelan
Mahesh Goud
Prasanth Kumar Rai
R Shriram
R Suresh Kumar
Ravit Kumar
Rohit Baliyan
Sanjay Kumar
K Selvamani
Shabeer Bapu
Surender Singh
Tushar Patil
Vikas Kumar Daiya
Vikash Khandola
Vinod Kumar
Category C
David Mosambayi
Dong Geon Lee
Felix Opana
Khomsan Thongkham
Lal Mohar Yadav
Mohd Fatin Fuhad
Mohd Masud Karim
Md . Zakir Hossain
Milinda Chathuranga
Sulieman Kabir
Waheed Al Hasani
Abhinandan Chandel
Abhishek Kumar
Abhishek Nagar
Abhishek Singh
Ajvender Singh
Akshay Jadhav
Amit Nagar
Amit Rathi
Anand Patil
Anand V
Anil
Anil Kumar
Ankit Malik
Arjun Deshwal
Avtar Singh
Bhanu Tomar
Bhavani Rajput
Bodi Yadav
Divesh Tripathi
Gangadhari Mallesh
Gautam Kumar
Gulveer Singh
Gurwinder Singh
Harikrishnan
Kamal Jatt
Karthiyen P
Kuldeep
M Thivakaran
Maninder Singh
Manjeet
Manoj Kumar
Mohan Raman G
Mohd Bilal
Mohit Choudhary
Munish
Naseeb
Nitin Madane
P Varatharajulu
Paritosh Tewathia
Parvesh
Pawan
Pawan Kumar
R Arjun Kumar
Rahul Choudhary
Rakesh Narwal
Ravi Dalal
Ravindra Dhage
Rohit
Rohit Choudhary
Rohit Prajapat
Sachin
Sandeep Tomar
Sarang Deshmukh
Sateesh S
Satish Kumar
Shubam Palkar
Siddharth Desai
Sombir
Sultan Dange
Sumit
Sunil Jaipal
Sunil Siddhgavali
Sunny
Suresu Kumar
Umesh Mhatre
Vikas Kumar
Vikas Jaglan
Vikrant
Vineet Sharma
Vinod Kumar
Vinoth Kumar
Vinoth Paulyas
Vipin Malik
Virender
Vishnu Uthaman
Yogesh Hooda
Defenders
Category A
Abozar Mohajermighani
Fazel Atrachali
Sandeep Dhull
Surinder Nada
Mahender Singh
Parvesh Bhainswal
Jeeva Kumar
Mohit Chillar
Ravinder Pahal
Darshan J
Category B
Hadi Oshtorak
Ziaur Rehman
Farhad Milaghardan
Joginder Narwal
Kuldeep Singh
Santosh BS
Sunil
Prem Singh
Rakesh Kumar
Rohit Rana
Sachin Shingade
Viraj Landge
Ashish Kumar
Dharmaraj Cheralathan
Baldev Singh
Satpal
D Suresh Kumar
Rajaguru Subramanian
Ravi Kumar
Somvir Shekhar
Vishal Mane
Category C
Bassy Jonathan
Chaminda Mudyanselage
Filip Szczeski
Jae Min Lee
Jaepil Jo
Piotr Karnowicz
Young Chang Ko
Hadi Tajik
Khateravan Mariapan
Md . Sabuj Mia
Mugilan Batumalai
Piotr Sitek
Ranidu Chamara
Piotr Pamulak
Ajay Singh
Amit Sharma
Amit Chillar
Anil Kumar
Dharmendra Singh
Jawahar Vivek
M Sekar
N Renjith
R Aravind Raja
Rajeev Kumar
Sachin Kumar
Sachin Vittala
Sandeep
Sandeep
Sanket Chavan
Vijay Kumar
Vijender Singh
Virender Chillar
Anil Kumar
Anubhav
Babu M
C Manoj Kumar
Deepak Dhull
GS Manikandan
Gurvinder Singh
Jeeva Gopal
Manoj Kumar
Nitin More
Rajesh Manokaran
Ram Kumar Sah
Sanoj Kumar
Shashank Wankhede
Krushna Madane
Ruturaj Koravi
Shivraj Jadhav
Sushil Bhosle
Vinod Kumar
D Gopu
Adinath Gavali
B Suresh
Dinesh Tomar
Gurpreet Singh
Manoj Dhull
Nitesh BR
Pardeep
Prashant Chavan
Rahul Mawne
Raju Lal Choudhary
Ravinder
Ravinder Kumar
Sandeep Hooda
Sandeep Malik
Satish
T Prabhakaran
Virender Singh
Afzal Razak
Bajirao Hodage
Deepak Yadav
Mahender Dhaka
Muruthu M
Nitin Mavi
Pandranki Prasad
Prathap P
Rahul Kumar
Ravi Kumar
Rohit Kumar
Swapnil Shinde
Vignesh B
Vijin T
Vikas Kale
Mohit Gaur
Sandeep Chillar
Abhinav Singh
Amit Kumar
Naveen
All-rounders
Category A
Deepak Niwas Hooda
Kuldeep Singh
Manjeet Chillar
Ran Singh
Shrikant Tewathia
Category B
Bhupender Thakur
Rakesh Kumar
Sagar Krishna
Sidharth
Suresh
Category C
Chan Sik Park
Chia-Ming Chang
Chrispine Otieno Oketch
Dicki Candra
Dong Gyu Kim
Dong Ju Hong
Gyung Tae Kim
Hyunil Park
I Halus Suandana Wayan
James Obilo
Lahiru Bandara
Makoto Sawazu
Michal Spiczko
Mohammad Maghshoudlu
Mohammad Hossain
Ogak Odhiambo
Patrick Muvai
Sanjay Shrestha
Seong Kim
Taedeok Eom
Kono Takamitsu
Tin Phonchoo
Victor Obier
Wei Hung Lin
Ajinkya Kapre
Amir Dhumal
Amit
Ananth Kumar
Ankit Sangwan
Arun Kumar N
Arun Pandian
Ashwin
Awanish Kumar
Balbir Singh
Beesu Yakanna
Bhupender Singh
Chandan V
Chethan S
Dadaso Awad
Dalbir
Deepak Kumar
Dhruv
Durvesh Patil
Elangeshwaran R
Ganesh Raghuwanshi
Gurdeep
Hari Bhagwan
Jasmer Gulia
K Senthilprakash
Mahender Reddy
Mahesh Magdum
Mahipal Narwal
Mandeep
Manjeet
N Shiva Ramakrishna
Nagaraj Siddi
Narender Hooda
Naveen
Nitin Kumar
Parmod Narwal
Parveen Narwal
Pawan
Preetam Chillar
Raj Soheel Babu
Rajesh Narwal
Ramesh K
Rohit Kumar
Rupesh Tomar
Sandeep
Sandeep Kumar
Sanjay Kumar
Senthamzhiselvan
Sourav V
Sujit Maharana
Sunil
Suraj Gurjar
Suyog Rajapkar
Vikash
Vittal Meti
Yatharth Deshwal
Yogesh Subhash Sawant
Narender
Randeep Singh
Rajesh Dhiman
One of Central Europe 's top docu fests , known for cultivating art film and nonfiction work that explores genre boundaries , has adopted a suitably avant-garde look this year , thanks to the work of Jean-Luc Godard .
The 22nd Ji.hlava international docu fest , running Oct. 25-30 in the former silver mining town of Jihlava in the Czech Republic , is not mentioned in the moody one-minute clip posted on YouTube , although its logo appears in the last few seconds .
Instead , a disembodied hand runs a finger across a mobile phone screen menu of photographs , presumably from the life of an older man , murmuring in voiceover .
“ And even if nothing turned out how we 'd hoped , ” he intones , “ it would not have changed what we 'd hoped for . ”
The voice , Godard 's own , riffs on the French New Wave auteur 's habit of overlaying philosophical observations to complement his jump cuts and surreal imagery in films such as “ Alphaville . ”
The spot is the latest in a string of commercials made for the docu fest by the likes of Godfrey Reggio , Jan Nemec and Johann Johannsson and “ comes in the format of a short film , an intimate haiku , ” said Ji.hlava director Marek Hovorka . Noting the clip 's “ minimalist format , ” he added , “ Jean-Luc Godard remained loyal to his signature method of layering meanings and references . Each new viewing opens up new interpretations . ”
Related Jean-Luc Godard 's ‘ The Image Book ' Heads to Mubi Streaming Service in the U.K. Cannes Film Review : Jean-Luc Godard 's 'The Image Book '
The images flicking by seem to cover the history of art , which “ spontaneously alternates with his own memories , selfies and the perspective of a dog that gives the human position a different angle , ” added Hovorka .
Godard 's latest film , “ The Image Book , ” won a Special Palme d'Or in Cannes this year , taking home a prize created just for the uncategorizable work by the 87-year-old director .
The Ji.hlava fest screens more than 100 films in their world , international or European premieres , with competition sections including the Opus Bonum , the First Lights section for debuts , Fascinations , focusing on contemporary experimental film , and the Eastern European competition Between the Seas , this year extended with an additional student category .
The fest is also co-founder of the pan-European festival network Doc Alliance and the VOD portal DAFilms.com .
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting : 'We Dove For The Dugout '
A shooting at a congressional batting practice in Alexandria , Va. , injured several people . Sen. Jeff Flake , who was there , says after hearing shots , those on the field who could seek cover .
STEVE INSKEEP , HOST :
Here is what we know about a shooting directed at a group of lawmakers this morning . It happened around 7 o'clock in the morning . U.S . Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona tells us he was one of 25 or so lawmakers who regularly meet for batting practice .
RACHEL MARTIN , HOST :
Another was Steve Scalise , the No . 3 House Republican . They were on a baseball diamond in Alexandria , Va. , just outside Washington , D.C. Flake said he heard a shot , then another shot , then many more than 50 shots .
JEFF FLAKE : We dove for the dugout - those of us who were on the field still . And Steve Scalise went down and dragged himself off of the infield into the outfield about 10 or 15 yards and was laying motionless out there . But there was gunfire going overhead , so I could n't get out there . Another staff member with a leg wound , who was shot in the field , made it to the dugout and came in . And we put - got a belt and put pressure on his wound .
MARTIN : Senator Flake says the wounded Steve Scalise was unable to move , caught in the open as shooting continued . Local resident Katie Fullis ( ph ) was on the sidewalk nearby .
KATIE FULLIS : Somebody from the baseball team started screaming . And I heard really , really loud pops very close to me , so I started crying and laid flat on the ground with my dogs . I think the shooter was coming across the baseball field towards everyone . And the security person stepped out of the Suburban and had a handgun and yelled , drop your weapon . And the person shot that guard , and he or she fell in front of us ...
MARTIN : Did - you saw that happen ?
FULLIS : Yes . It was right in front of me as I was laying on the ground .
INSKEEP : That was Katie Fullis ( ph ) speaking earlier this morning . Now , what she was seeing was Congressman Scalise 's security detail . They were there . They were armed . They returned fire from beyond the dugout , where many of the lawmakers took shelter . The gunman was eventually wounded and arrested .
A total of five others were shot . Senator Flake , ultimately , was able to get out onto the field and help stop the bleeding of Congressman Steve Scalise . He described Scalise as OK , as conscious and talking - in any case - and called his wife to give her the news .
MARTIN : We 've been hearing from people who were there at the scene and nearby , among them , Joe Muscavige ( ph ) . He was at the local YMCA nearby this baseball field . And he joins me now . Can you hear me OK , Mr. Muscavige ?
JOE MUSCAVIGE : I can .
MARTIN : Thanks for being with us . What did you see ?
MUSCAVIGE : Nothing , initially . I was downstairs in the Y when someone ran down the stairs and said that there was an active shooter situation . Myself and several of the other people that were down there ran into the men 's locker room , where we waited for about 10 minutes or so , at which point , we left and came upstairs , where - the front of the YMCA overlooks the entire baseball diamond where the situation happened .
So , you know , we saw a large number of police , fire trucks , ambulances , unfortunately , two people being loaded on gurneys into those ambulances and then just a lot of kind of looking out the window at what was going on .
MARTIN : Yeah , were you - did you have any idea what was going on ?
MUSCAVIGE : For those first 10 or 15 minutes or so when we were downstairs , we just had heard that there was an active shooter . And we were talking amongst ourselves . It was maybe eight or 10 people in the locker room . And then people started to - you know , when I said , oh , I heard a number of shots - and from there , it was just trying to call people that we knew to let them know we were OK or what was happening .
MARTIN : Did police - had they shut the YMCA ? I mean , they were preventing people from going out ?
MUSCAVIGE : Yeah , yeah . We 're currently locked down still . I mean , I got here a little after 7 o'clock . You know , so I 've been here for over 2 and a half hours .
MARTIN : You 're still there ?
MUSCAVIGE : Yeah .
MARTIN : Thank you so much for making time to talk with us today . We so appreciate it . Take good care .
MUSCAVIGE : Thank you .
INSKEEP : That 's Joe Muscavige , one of those who witnessed the shooting today in Alexandria , Va. , where we 're told five people were shot and then a sixth person - the shooter - was hit by police or by the security detail that was guarding the wounded Steve Scalise , the No . 3 House Republican .
This is a good moment to remind everyone - including ourselves - that this is a situation where facts - apparent facts - will change . We 'll learn new information . Things we think we know will change . But let 's get up to date on what we do know and our best sense of what it means . Our White House correspondent Tamara Keith is here to help talk us through this . And one question on anybody 's mind , Tam , is who 's the shooter ? Let 's describe what little is known here .
TAMARA KEITH , BYLINE : We do n't know a lot about the shooter , other than that he is in custody . One of the congressmen who was there described him as a white male , kind of chubby . So that 's what we got . That 's not a lot of detail .
INSKEEP : And we should remind people that eyewitness descriptions can turn out to be wrong . It can be someone else who was seen . We do n't even necessarily know that that description is correct . But that 's what we have . We can presume that this was a heavily armed person , based on what we heard from Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona , who described a single shot that was in the clear , such that Senator Flake was n't really sure it was a gunshot .
Then there was a second shot . And then he knew - and then a cacophony of shots . Some people had said more than 50 shots . He said easily more than 50 shots .
KEITH : He also said that he did not see the rifle , but that others on the baseball team saw that there was a rifle . And then later , Flake described that maybe - maybe he had switched to a handgun of some kind . We 've seen other reports of that as well . Though , again , we are n't sure - we do n't have certainty on that .
INSKEEP : And then the next question we 'll have is , could these lawmakers have been targeted ? Could people have known that these people , who would not have necessarily looked like lawmakers in baseball clothes or baseball uniforms and so forth - kind of casual clothes - would somebody have known ? And it certainly does seem plausible that they would have known because Senator Flake says they met at that date , at that time and at that place very , very often .
KEITH : Yeah . According to a statement from Congressman Roger Williams , who 's a coach on the team - he was there . He was not injured . One of his aides was injured and is receiving medical treatment . According to that statement , they practice there every day at 6:30 in the morning at the Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria , Va .
So it was a known thing that they were practicing . The congressional baseball game is tomorrow night . And the Republican team practices regularly together in this location . The Democrats practice in a different location . The game is scheduled for tomorrow night to raise money for charity .
INSKEEP : Somewhere in the back of their minds , congressmen have to be conscious that something like this could happen at any time .
KEITH : Certainly . Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords was shot several years ago . They think about it , certainly .
INSKEEP : That 's NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith helping us work through the latest . And we 'll continue reporting on today 's shooting .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Notts County 4 Crewe Alex 1
Crewe Alex slipped to a fourth consecutive defeat – and to two points above the League Two drop zone – at Notts County on Saturday .
They lost a lead , provided by an early Shaun Miller strike , for the third game on the spin as they lost 4-1 at a packed Meadow Lane .
Elliott Hewitt bagged a double after Noor Husin had equalised to give the promotion-chasing hosts the points . Mason Bennett added the gloss with the fourth late on .
While they perhaps deserved more than just the one goal , they could have conceded even more in another woeful defensive display .
The Alex have now shipped 11 goals in their last three games .
Crewe went into the game looking to complete a league double over their promotion-chasing hosts , have won 2-0 at Gresty Road in October .
That bucked an alarming trend which had seen the Railwaymen fail to beat the Magpies in a dozen attempts . Indeed , their last win in Nottingham was in March 1997 , when Mark Rivers nicked a late clincher .
Neither side has been enjoying sparkling form , with the Alex having lost their previous three and County having been beaten in their previous two home league fixtures .
Both sides had plenty of support , though . Notts chairman Alan Hardy had slashed all ticket prices to just £2 to mark his first year anniversary at the helm , and a sell-out 1,450 away fans were amid a bumper 17,274 .
David Artell made changes , enforced and tactical . There were five in total .
Ryan Wintle , who had only managed two matches after returning from a three-month absence , suffered an ankle injury in training during the week and will be out for six weeks .
Zoumana Bakayogo was suspended , while keeper Dave Richards ( ankle ) ruled out . Charlie Kirk and Harry McKirdy were dropped to the bench .
Ben Garratt came in between the sticks , Harry Pickering deputised at left-back , and Tom Lowery was added to midfield .
Shaun Miller was handed his second full debut for the side in attack , while deadline day signing Jamie Sterry , of Newcastle United , started at right-back
George Ray , who had been tipped to start his first appearance of the season , was only amongst the subs after a training ground scare of his own on Wednesday .
Crewe also changed their formation , switching to 3-5-2 , while County struck with their familiar 4-4-2 , led by ex-Premier League strikers Jon Stead and Shola Ameobi .
Boss Kevin Nolan did make two changes , though , with Lewis Alessandra and Dan Jones coming in .
The Alex got off to a dream start , taking the lead on 11 minutes . A mistake in the County defence was seized upon by Jordan Bowery who saw his shot parried by keeper Adam Collin into the path of Miller who tucked home from close in .
But on 15 minutes it was 1-1 when Noor Husin picked the ball up 30 yards out and lashed an unstoppable looking strike into the top corner .
The Alex had a chance to reestablish their lead straight away , when Sterry floated a superb ball to Miller who chested the ball but then volleyed it over from an angle .
However , the home side were increasingly getting on top with their direct and pressurising game taking its toll .
They did not create many clear-cut opportunities , but went into the break 2-1 after taking advantage of some typically shoddy Alex defending .
Crewe failed to clear their lines as the ball was delivered first from the left , then sent back across goal from Stead . There was Hewitt with a scruffy shot which bounced down and looped up past Garratt .
Defender Richard Duffy flicked a header wide from a free-kick just before a half-time whistle the visitors were desperately in need of .
Pickering slid into deny Alessandra a tap in as Notts threatened soon after the restart , and Garratt was out quickly to make a good save from Ameobi .
That prompted Artell to make his first change , introducing Dan Barlaser in place of Lowery .
Crewe then enjoyed a little purple patch , with Jordan Bowery 's flashing header from a corner palmed away by the reflexes of Collin .
But the hosts soon restored order with their third on the hour mark . Stead had a hand in the move which saw the visitors carved open and Hewitt was on hand to slam in from the penalty spot .
McKirdy and Kirk were thrown on in fairly quick succession as the manager rolled the dice , and the two subs combined in the 78th minute to create a good chance .
A mazy solo run by McKirdy ended with Kirk teed up for a cross , and Callum Ainley 's downward header at the far post was scrambled off the line .
However , County had the final say when sub Bennett tapped in at the far post following an Alessandra strike which had been palmed out by Garratt .
And the striker rattled the bar in injury time when Crewe , playing more or less without a defence , crumbled .
Notts County ( 4-4-2 ) : Collin , Duffy , Hunt , Brisley , Jones ; Grant , Hewitt , Alessandra , Husin ( Noble 78 mins ) ; Stead ( Smith 88 mins ) , Ameobi ( Bennett 61 mins ) .
Subs not used : Pindroch , Milsom , Hall , Walker .
Crewe ( 3-4-3 ) : Garratt ; Nolan , Raynes , Walker ( Kirk 73 mins ) ; Pickering ( McKirdy 61 mins ) , Sterry , Lowery ( Barlaser 53 mins ) , Green ; Ainley , Bowery , Miller .
Subs not used : Ray , Finney , Reilly , Jaaskelainen .
Referee : 17,274 .
Attendance : Brett Huxtable .
Skai Moore to play in Senior Bowl
COLUMBIA , S.C. — University of South Carolina linebacker Skai Moore has accepted an invitation to participate in the 2018 Reese 's Senior Bowl , it was announced Monday . Moore will wear the Block C on his helmet one final time and look to impress National Football League scouts on Saturday , Jan. 27 , 2018 , at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in Mobile , Ala. Kickoff is scheduled for 2:30 p.m . ET , with live coverage available on NFL Network .
Moore 's Senior Bowl bid comes after a standout career in which the Cooper City , Fla. , native left his mark as one of the finest linebackers in Carolina history . His 348 tackles rank sixth in Carolina history , and he holds a share of the school record with 14 career interceptions . He earned First-Team All-SEC laurels from the league 's head coaches following his senior season .
This season , the 6-2 , 218-pounder leads the Gamecocks with 88 tackles and three interceptions . He returned an interception for a touchdown in a win over Arkansas and posted a career-best 15-tackle performance against Clemson , one of three double-digit tackle efforts he tallied during the season . He is poised to become just the 15th player in FBS history to pace his team in tackles in four separate seasons .
The Senior Bowl annually serves as the premier showcase for graduating seniors looking to jumpstart a career in the NFL . Over the last decade , an average of 84 Senior Bowl participants have gone on to hear their names called in the NFL Draft .
Moore will be the 36th Gamecock to take part in the Senior Bowl and the first since 2016 , when current New York Giants tight end Jerell Adams caught three passes for 49 yards .
Moore is the second member of the Carolina senior class to earn a spot in a postseason all-star game . Offensive lineman Cory Helms will suit up in the East-West Shrine Game on Jan. 20 , 2018 in St. Petersburg , Fla .
Before beginning his NFL journey , Moore will lead the Gamecocks ( 8-4 ) against Michigan ( 8-4 ) on Monday , Jan. 1 , in the Outback Bowl . Kickoff is scheduled for 12 p.m . ET in Tampa , Fla. , and the game will be televised nationally on ESPN2 .
USC Athletics contributed to the writing of this article .
LAS VEGAS ( AP )  Clark County official : Investigators still have not found a motive for the Las Vegas shooter 's attack .
Advertisement
The Jumia Bot works by asking customers what they 're looking for , and then using their answers to uncover the best offers .
True to its mission of expanding horizons , Jumia introduced on 2nd October Jumia Bot , Nigeria 's first e-commerce Bot . Using Jumia Bot , shoppers can order food , find fashion or electronic items and book hotels and flights by simply having an online conversation with the bot .
This innovation , powered and hosted by Facebook Messenger , was officially launched on 2nd October in Nigeria and will offer Nigeria 's 18 Million Facebook users the ability to get their own personal Jumia shopping assistant directly on Facebook Messenger . The Jumia Bot works by asking customers what they 're looking for , and then using their answers to uncover the best offers . For example , to get access to the best hotel and airfare deals on Facebook Messenger , a user can simply provide his or her preferred date and destination to the bot in order to see the top recommendations .
Once a user 's criteria is selected , Jumia Bot will remember and use the research for his or her next order . The bot , developed by Jumia with support from Facebook , uses Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) and natural learning process to hone in and learn users ' preferences over time in order to make recommendations that are personalized , timeline and useful to the shopper . The shopper 's post-order experience is also integrated into Jumia Bot . As a result , shoppers can track their orders and contact the Customer Service team for follow-up questions .
“ When we launched Bot for Businesses on Messenger , our goal was to help companies make meaningful connections with their customers in order to meet their business goals. ” said Emeka Afigbo , Head , Platform Partnerships , Middle East and Africa at Facebook . “ We are excited to be part of the story in providing technology solutions to one of Africa 's leading e-commerce websites . ”
In a statement on the significance of this new service , Juliet Anammah , CEO Jumia Nigeria said , “ Jumia Bot ( http : //APO.af/595ays ) has a very simple yet important objective : to help our customers get to personalized deals on Jumia Nigeria ( www.Jumia.com.ng ) . We are pleased to unveil this new dimension of e-shopping for the Nigerian customer , and excited about helping to pioneer the next wave of local content and tech tools within our ecosystem . ”
Published :
Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State has maintained that governors steal public funds because their salaries are not enough . Speaking on Channels TV , the outspoken governor said everyone in Nigeria was corrupt to a certain degree .
Okorocha also stated that seeking to stop politically-exposed persons from dipping their hands into the public treasury will amount to an exercise in futility .
He said : “ All men steal . There 's no man in Nigeria , from A-Z who will say he lives with the money you pay him monthly . The salaries of governors are N750,000 a month . “ So , if you do n't have a second office or something else to do , you must steal . Any political office holder who does n't have a second office , must steal , ” insists Okorocha .
Share This
SpaceX has successfully launched yet another rocket , this one carrying a Dragon capsule loaded with over 6,400 pounds of cargo destined for the International Space Station . That makes an even dozen for ISS resupply missions launched by SpaceX under contract to NASA , and this is the most significant thus far in terms of potential scientific impact .
CRS-12 's payload was over 75 percent committed to hauling equipment and material for experiments and scientific research , which is more than on any other previous mission . Typically , the Dragon is loaded down with a greater percentage of supplies for the astronauts on board ISS , but this was intended more to set the stage for a range of experiments to be conducted by researchers on board the ISS during this year and in 2018 . There 's even an AR system on board designed to help astronauts improve their general efficiency .
The rocket successfully launched from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center at 12:31 PM EDT , and Dragon deployed from the second stage as planned . Dragon will rendezvous with the ISS on August 16 for capture by the station 's Canadarm 2 robotic appendage , after which it 'll be attached to the rocket . After roughly a month , it 'll return to Earth after leaving the ISS with around 3,000 pounds of returned cargo on board , and splash down in the Pacific Ocean for recovery .
There 's another reason this launch was significant , aside from its experimental payload ( which included a supercomputer designed to help humans travel to Mars ) : SpaceX will only use re-used Dragon capsules for all future CRS missions , the company has announced , meaning this is the last time a brand-new Dragon will be used to resupply the ISS , if all goes to plan .
Today 's launch also included an attempt to recover the Falcon 9 first stage for re-use at SpaceX 's land-based LZ-1 landing pad . The Falcon 9 first stage returned to Earth as planned , and touched down at Cape Canaveral roughly 9 minutes after launch .
In an effort to educate and involve community leaders in the fight against litter in Louisiana , Keep Louisiana Beautiful ( KLB ) and 23 affiliates , including Keep St. Mary Beautifu , l participated in a statewide litter-thon on March 23 which ended with a press conference in Baton Rouge announcing the results .
Twenty-eight bags and 1,456 pounds of trash were collected by more than 76 community leaders at the third annual “ Leaders Against Litter ” event hosted by Keep St. Mary Beautiful . Leaders Against Litter is a signature event created by KLB and supported by Volunteer Louisiana that gives local leaders the opportunity to demonstrate their support for keeping Louisiana beautiful by leading the charge against litter in our community .
Local government officials , business and community leaders included St Mary Parish Government parish president and staff ; St. Mary Parish Sheriff and deputies ; City of Franklin Mayor Pro-Tern and staff ; City of Morgan City mayor ; City of Patterson mayor and staff ; Town of Baldwin mayor ; Franklin Chief of Police and officers ; Franklin Foundation Hospital ; Franklin Foundation Medical Center ; Pelican Waste and Debris ; Patterson Garden Club ; Do n't Trash Franklin Group ; Baldwin Garden Club ; Banner-Tribune ; KWBJ ; Agus Spa and Teche Talk . All joined Keep St. Mary Beautiful on the east and west side of Northwest Boulevard in the City of Franklin from La . 182 to the intersection of Yokely and Chatsworth Road , collecting various forms of litter to beautify the area in support of St Mary Parish and volunteerism .
Leaders used grabbers and wore event t-shirts to “ lead the way to a cleaner Louisiana. ” The leaders then collectively signed a Leaders Against Litter pledge confirming their commitment to speak up and spread the word that litter is not acceptable , to pick up litter whenever they see it , and to stand up and lead the way for a litter-free Louisiana .
The pledge board is now a traveling display appearing at different locations where other leaders and volunteers can sign the pledge , engaging even more individuals and extending the impact of Leaders Against Litter .
The Leaders Against Litter events kicked off the Great American Cleanup to be held in the months of March , April and May . Members of the community can become involved by contacting Keep St Mary Beautiful to learn about volunteering opportunities and cleanups at 985-518-1861 .
Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn joins The Paul Finebaum Show to talk about QB Jarrett Stidham and the challenges he has faced . ( 3:18 )
SANDESTIN , Fla. -- Auburn Tigers coach Gus Malzahn called the new NCAA rule limiting the number of people on headsets during games `` a joke '' that will have an impact on the quality of the game .
Earlier this month , the NCAA passed legislation that will cap the number of people on headsets to 20 , including 15 coaches .
`` The 20 headset rule is a joke , '' Malzahn said on Wednesday at SEC Spring Meetings . `` There 's no doubt about it . I think that 's got the ability to hurt our game . That 's a really big deal . ''
Malzahn 's comments came a day after Alabama coach Nick Saban questioned the rule as well .
Editor 's Picks Saban tired of taking heat for blocking transfers Alabama coach Nick Saban says he 's just following SEC policy when he blocks transfers within the conference , and he wonders why he 's taking all the heat . But Georgia coach Kirby Smart says he 's in favor of lifting the restrictions .
`` I do n't know who is driving all this stuff , '' Saban said , `` but to me it 's kind of like mouse manure when you 're up to your ears in elephant doo-doo . ''
According to Malzahn , the rule is aimed at the growing support staffs among some programs in college football . And , he said , `` any rule that 's put in place because of something else is not good . ''
The issue , Malzahn said , is that there is a disconnect between coaches and decision-makers .
`` We 've got a lot of people that are not football coaches making decisions for football , '' he said . `` I think if we had more football coaches involved in the decision making it would be better for our game . ''
Malzahn said the decision to limit the number of headsets will affect what a coach normally does during the course of the game . In the past , staff members could listen to play calls on headsets and chart plays accordingly . That information would then be relayed to coaches at halftime .
Now that whole process will be hampered .
`` I do n't care if you have 50 off-field guys or two off-field guys , most teams in college football are going to have off-field guys on a headset at least charting or doing something like that , '' Malzahn said . `` And then you talk about the signaling aspect . ... It affects the game . ''
Asked how many headsets Auburn employed last season , Malzahn said `` a lot . ''
`` Probably a whole lot , '' he added .
When prototype meets benchmark app , magic happens . Or something .
Russian mobile enthusiasts at Mobiltelefon have spotted Andy Rubin 's Essential Android phone at the GFXBench .
We saw a glimpse of the Essential FIH-PM1 in March . Today we get to see some of the things that might make it tick . According to the benchmark system information , there 's a lot to look forward to here . And some things that are very odd or just plain wrong .
For starters , we see everything we would expect to see in a phone being developed in April 2017 . We see Android 7 with a Snapdragon 835 , 4GB of RAM , and a 12-megapixel 4K camera on the back . If you want to sell a high-end Android phone , all of those had better be there . Then it gets strange .
The Essential FIH-PM1 ( FIH stands for Foxconn International Holdings , by the way ) will not have an 18-inch 2560x1312 display . Sorry to burst your bubble if you were looking for the love child of the Note line and a Dell monitor . It could have the crazy 80:41 aspect ratio ( for comparison , the G6 is 82:41 or 18:9 ) because Android now supports apps built for phones with a `` SuperWide screen '' . Blame the LG G6 and Galaxy S8 with their Long Tall Sally look .
It will also ship with more than 10GB of storage if it becomes a real thing you can buy . You can put the torches and pitchforks away and let Rubin build his dream phone .
What 's not mentioned at all , possibly because GFXBench has no idea how to classify them or they just do n't exist , are the fancy modular port thingies rumored to be at the bottom of the Essential and any mechanical 3D touch-like features in the display .
What this does tell us is that someone somewhere is testing a phone named the Essential . We reckon it 's probably Rubin 's team and look forward to hearing more .
Parliament okays new law
Manila
The Philippines moved a step closer on Wednesday to ending decades of conflict on its resource-rich island of Mindanao , after lawmakers approved a bill that will eventually allow self-rule for the country 's Muslim minority .
Lower house lawmakers voted 227 to 11 , with 2 abstentions , to pass the Bangsamoro Basic Law ( BBL ) , seen as key to forging lasting peace with separatist rebels and thwarting the rise of Islamist extremism in the nation 's poorest and most dangerous region .
The bill is the result of a 2014 peace deal between the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) and the government to end nearly 50 years of conflict that has killed more than 120,000 people and displaced 2 million .
It outlines the process to set up a self-administered territory in an area sometimes referred to as Bangsamoro ( nation of Moros ) , encompassing mountains , islands and jungles that is home to at least 4 million people , mostly Muslim .
President Rodrigo Duterte , who was the mayor of a city on the southern island for 22 years , has stressed the importance of getting the legislation passed and certified it as an urgent bill on Tuesday to get it approved before a house recess on June 2 .
The 22-member Senate has committed to Duterte to pass its counterpart version soon , before a panel of both houses combines both drafts in a version for the president 's final approval .
The previous administration met numerous hurdles and failed to pass the bill , fueling resentment and mistrust among many minority Muslims .
Duterte has warned that another failure could be disastrous and play into the hands of extremist groups like Daesh , which inspired a militant alliance to seize Marawi City last year for five months .
The battle for Marawi was the biggest the Philippines has seen since World War Two and stoked wider concerns that Daesh had ambitions to turn Mindanao into a base for its operations in Southeast Asia .
Hundreds of people were killed in Marawi , more than 350,000 were displaced and half the city was left in ruins . Martial law is still in force across Mindanao .
Though some militants who fought in Marawi were former MILF members , the group has denounced radical Islam and has a good relationship with Duterte .
Mindanao , an island the size of South Korea , is the Philippines ' most underdeveloped region , but is home to most of its nickel mines and biggest fruit farms , besides vast tracts of land the government wants to convert into palm oil plantations .
But its notorious clan wars , lawlessness and conflicts with Muslim and communist rebel groups have kept investors at bay . Once signed into law , Bangsamoro will have its own executive , legislature and fiscal powers , but the central government will continue to oversee defense , security , foreign affairs , and monetary policy . —Agencies
RABAT/MARRAKECH , Morocco ( Reuters ) - Moroccans risking their lives scraping coal from abandoned mines have listened to local officials , the mining ministry and a close royal ally since they began protesting five weeks ago . Now some of them want the king himself to intervene .
“ When they closed the mines they offered us new jobs and compensation but nothing has happened , ” said one former miner in the northern town of Jerada who declined to be named , fearing reprisal .
“ We will keep protesting until our lives improve . ”
The miners have been left behind by the economic liberalisation that won plaudits from the International Monetary Fund at a regional conference in Marrakech this week headlined “ Opportunity for all ” .
King Mohammed VI , the ultimate power in Morocco , has lifted living standards in urban and coastal areas and raised the country 's profile abroad , rolling out investment in the Ivory Coast and other sub-Saharan countries .
But public dissatisfaction is growing in some poor areas at a time when the government is implementing currency reforms and cutting subsidies to drive economic growth .
The Jerada protests have found common cause with dissent that has rumbled since 2016 in the Rif , also in the north , both groups spurred by the deaths of men desperate trying to make ends meet .
They are a far cry from the mass protests which rocked the North African country in 2011 when uprisings ousted rulers in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , but pose a challenge to a constitutional monarchy in which the king has far-reaching powers .
Stability in Morocco is important for Western governments as it is the only country in North Africa where jihadist groups have failed to gain a foothold . Rabat is also a key intelligence-sharing partner on Islamist militancy .
At least 10 million people visit its beaches and cities each year , some of them switching from Egypt and Tunisia after those countries suffered political turmoil and militant attacks .
CONTRAST
While Marrakech , an ancient city , is bustling with tourists and new buildings have gone up in the commercial centre Casablanca and capital Rabat , the changes have bypassed rural areas like Jerada in the remote northeast .
Protests there swelled in late December after two brothers drowned scavenging coal deep underground : one of them hacked through into an adjoining water well , flooding the shaft .
On Thursday , another miner , in his early 30s , was killed when a shaft collapsed , the interior ministry said . Activists issued a renewed call for protests .
Residents say the town has been neglected since the mines closed some 20 years ago and tensions with Algeria shut the nearby border at around the same time .
The miners say they sell a bag of coal for between 60 and 80 dirham ( $ 6.5- $ 8.7 ) to traders who pass it on for 600 dirhams to restaurants , hotels and public baths .
“ Influential people exploit the miners , who have no other jobs , and officials know about this , ” said Abdelwahab Hoummani , an activist in Jerada . “ We demand jobs , development and the prosecution of corrupt people . ”
A general view shows the second coal-fired power plant in the city of Jerada , Morocco , January 20 , 2018 . Picture taken January 20 , 2018 . REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
The mining ministry was not immediately available to comment , but Mining Minister Aziz Rabbah said in January the state had “ reacted positively ” to the town 's demands and a commission had been paying out compensation for closed mines .
Protests had rumbled against high electricity bills before the miners ' deaths , and Jerada residents say they will continue , even though dozens of leaders and members of the protest movement in Rif , Hirak al Chaabi , are now on trial .
KING
Police have set up checkpoints to monitor people 's movements to and from Jerada , where residents say miners gather every week in the main square to demand state aid and alternative jobs .
Some shout “ Hirak , Hirak ” , social media posts show , in solidarity with Rif , where protests began after a man was crushed to death in a rubbish truck trying to retrieve fish that had been caught illegally and thrown away by police .
No-one at the demonstrations calls for overthrowing the king , who heads the Muslim world 's longest continuing dynasty .
Slideshow ( 9 Images )
Many Moroccans are wary of the kind of instability rocking Libya and other parts of the region and criticise the government and king 's entourage rather than the monarch himself .
The government is investing in tourism , with a new airport for the main northeastern city of Oujda , 60 km ( 40 miles ) from Jerada , to bring tourists to equally new nearby coastal resorts .
It announced auto industry projects worth 1.23 billion euros ( $ 1.54 billion ) in December and hopes the currency reform will boost investment and help growth reach 3.4 percent this year , after 4 percent last year , when agricultural output was better .
Manufacturing jobs have been created , but not enough for a growing population and many young Moroccans have sought work abroad .
The king has called for more development , fired top officials in October after a state agency found inequality , and sent a close ally , Agricultural Minister Aziz Akhenouch , to Jerada late in January to talk to angry residents .
Akhenouch , one of Morocco 's richest men , announced agricultural investments worth around 28 million dirhams ( $ 8 million ) , local media said , but protests resumed the next day .
“ The king is probably the only one who can solve this , ” said Hoummani , the activist .
Geoff Porter from North Africa risk consulting said the government would find it hard to stick to its market liberalisation without alienating the rural poor .
At the Marrakech conference , Prime Minster Saad Eddine El Othman said the government was rolling out programmes to remove inequalities .
Abdelghani Ajjani from a Jerada commission negotiating with authorities , had yet to be convinced . “ The government has made the same promises they made when closing the mines , ” he said . “ There are people here who think the king should visit Jerada . ”
( $ 1 = 9.1822 Moroccan dirham )
( $ 1 = 0.7992 euros )
The British Pound Sterling recovered on Wednesday , May 30 , from the previous day 's six-month low , as currencies stabilized after Italy 's political crisis sent shockwaves through global financial markets this week .
The GBP edged 0.1 percent higher at $ 1.3293 after falling to its lowest levels since Nov. 20 on Tuesday . But it weakened against the euro by half a percent , to 87.46 pence , thanks to a broad-based euro bounce .
Hopes that Italy could avoid a new election helped European markets recover from one of their worst sell-offs in years on Wednesday , though markets remained wary .
Data last week showed sterling were still vulnerable to any weak economic data , with markets pricing in about one interest rate increase through 2018 .
May 's purchasing-manager index will offer some clues on how the economy is faring . A Reuters poll forecast the index would show growth moderated in April .
With monetary policymakers turning more cautious and data-dependent after a subdued first quarter , the PMI releases over the next two weeks deserve particular attention , Goldman Sachs strategists said in a note .
Currency derivatives tied to the outlook for sterling were trading near their lowest levels in nearly three months .
Risk reversals for sterling , a gauge of demand for options on a currency rising or falling , are holding near their lowest levels since early March , indicating that investors are looking to protect downside portfolio risk .
On a trade-weighted basis , sterling was trading at 78.73 , not far from a two-month low of 78.53 hit earlier this month .
Published :
Justice A . B. Mohammed of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory sitting in Jabi , Abuja , on Monday , July 2 , 2018 convicted one Bala Tangalu , a self styled native doctor , on the two counts of conspiracy and obtaining by false pretence brought against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission .
Tangalu was arrested and charged to court on February 22 , 2017 following a petition by one Dozie Ugonna that the defendant and his cohorts defrauded him to the tune of N2.5million . According to the petitioner , the money was meant for the purchase of materials to neutralize some harmful charms purportedly contained in a carton filled with US dollars .
The Offences are contrary to Section 8 ( a ) and punishable under Section 8 ( c ) and 1 ( 3 ) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Related Offences Act No . 14 , 2006 . In a judgment which lasted almost an hour , Justice Mohammed found Tangalu guilty as charged .
Citing Section 352 ( 5 ) of the ACJA , 2015 , the judge said , `` The suspect is hereby convicted on the two counts of conspiracy and obtaining by false pretence . He will be sentenced whenever he surrenders himself to the court or he is being arrested '' . The defendant and his counsel had in the course of trial abandoned the case after several adjournments , forcing the court to order the trial to continue in his absentia .
Justice Mohammed said the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubts adding that `` all evidence admitted before the court was unchallenged by the defendant and his counsel ” .
The judge said , `` based on all the evidences by the complainant ; confession by the suspect ; reports by the office of the Directorate of State Services , DSS ; and the EFCC ; the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubts '' .
Share This
The Myth Of Trump 's Economic Populism , As Proven By The Tax Bill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
Once upon a time , there was a group of conservative intellectuals who were agnostic about Donald Trump .
Politics Will The Tax Overhaul Help The Working Class ? Will The Tax Overhaul Help The Working Class ? Listen · 4:48 4:48
They were not `` Never Trumpers , '' but they were n't Trump superfans either .
They thought Trumpism might offer something new for the GOP . Since Trump was n't tied to the orthodoxies of either party he could , theoretically , offer a more populist path toward the future for Republicans .
Conservative writer Henry Olsen , at the Ethics and Public Policy Center , looked to the tax plan to reflect this new vision , but it was n't there .
What gets them riled up and active is the embrace of the culture-war issues — that Trump has shown himself perfectly happy to fight in a way that Republicans in a lot of other positions have been unwilling to traditionally .
For now , Olsen said , `` Trumpian populism remains a tantalizing promise for people who are interested in it . ''
Olsen expected the tax plan to include some of Trump 's populist campaign promises — that the rich would pay more , the forgotten working class would pay less , and special interest loopholes like the carried-interest provision for hedge-fund managers would be gone .
But the tax bill ended up instead being traditionally Republican in its focus on cutting taxes for the well-to-do but barely touching the working class and not helping the middle class to a significant degree .
`` That 's not what Trump promised , '' Olsen said . `` And it 's not what Trump 's voters thought they were getting . ''
Whatever happened to Ivanka Trump 's child-care tax credit ?
One of the biggest disappointments for conservatives who believed that Trump could have offered a new , more reform-minded populist economics was the failure of the expanded , child-care tax credit offered by Republican Sens . Mike Lee and Marco Rubio .
It was an actual populist idea , geared to the working class , because it was refundable against payroll taxes . But not only did the Republican leadership oppose it , they made sure it failed by requiring it to get 60 votes , unlike other amendments .
Not populist , but very conservative
The tax bill might not be the kind of populist piece of legislation Trump promised during the campaign , but it does have a lot in it to make conservatives happy . Obamacare is unraveled ; there are more tax breaks for people who home-school their kids or send them to religious schools , and there are tax hikes for graduate students , university endowments and voters in high-tax states . In other words — Democrats .
Maybe economic policy is n't the point of Trumpism at all
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
Maybe the most important thing Trump offers his supporters is n't economic policy or any policy at all — it 's his racially charged Twitter feed and the cultural grievances it directs at immigrants , Muslims and millionaire black athletes .
Sure , Trump 's followers like the idea of having fewer tax brackets , said conservative Ben Domenech , publisher of TheFederalist.com , but , `` What gets them riled up and active is the embrace of the culture-war issues — that Trump has shown himself perfectly happy to fight in a way that Republicans in a lot of other positions have been unwilling to traditionally . ''
There have always been two parts to the Republican party 's message : conservative social issues for its white , blue-collar , evangelical base ( think school prayer , abortion , gay marriage , immigration and crime ) and a supply-side , trickle-down economic message for the rich and corporations . Trump has taken this two-pronged approach and put it on steroids .
His tax bill is much more tilted to the wealthy than the tax bills of Ronald Reagan or George W. Bush . And his white-identity politics is much rawer and more central to his persona .
It 's as if the Chamber of Commerce , Wall Street and the wealthy get the policy , while Trump 's blue-collar base gets the Twitter feed .
What happens to this tension over time ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
In the long run , Olsen does n't think this Trumpist combination of trickle-down economics and white-identity policies offers a viable path for the GOP .
He 's not even sure it 's sustainable for Trump . And he disagrees that the basis of Trump 's appeal was racial .
`` There is a lingering discontent in the country that is much more than racial resentment , '' Olsen said . `` The working-class voters who voted for Obama and then for Trump were not motivated only by race . ''
Olsen said voters generally give their presidential choice a long leash . But if the person does n't deliver on what they really want in the end , voters will turn against him . And then , the culture wars on Twitter wo n't be enough .
But in the short term , this tax bill just might be the kind of win Trump and his party need .
To the extent it has any impact at all , in the first year or two , it will probably be a positive one for most people . Their taxes will go down , and they 'll be able to keep more of their own money .
That 's because the tax bill is front-loaded ; the goodies come first . The regressive , non-populist part of the bill , where taxes for the middle class actually go up — kicks in later , well after the next election cycle .
Max Scherzer fans 12 over eight scoreless innings to pick up his 9th win , and the Nationals shut out the Orioles 2-0 . ( 0:49 )
BALTIMORE -- This just in : Max Scherzer is good at pitching .
The Washington Nationals ace steamrolled the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday , allowing two hits while striking out 12 over eight shutout innings , to lead Washington to a 2-0 win and a road sweep . Scherzer 's performance , in which he induced a season-high 29 swings-and-misses , was as dominant as any he has had all season . And that 's saying something .
Editor 's Picks Real or not ? Jose Ramirez keeps pushing his ceiling higher Already exceeding expectations from his minor league days , the Indians ' Jose Ramirez has added a power surge to his ever-improving game .
Nationals finally vault into first place in the NL East -- temporarily While the Nationals ' hold on first place in the National League East lasted only a few minutes , Washington is playing well despite countless injuries . 1 Related
Entering Wednesday 's series finale at Camden Yards , the two-time defending Cy Young winner was 8-1 with a 2.13 ERA . He ranked either first or second in the National League in wins , innings , strikeouts , WHIP , batting average against and hits per nine innings . His 2018 dossier already included a shutout against the Braves and a gem against the Phillies in which he fanned 15 batters in six-plus innings . But his beatdown of the O 's on Wednesday was just as good if not better than either of those . For that , Scherzer has the Marlins and Dodgers to thank .
In his previous two outings , a road win against Miami and a no-decision at home against Los Angeles , the veteran hurler had n't been happy with his heater .
`` The past couple of starts , I had n't felt great about being able to execute fastballs where I wanted to , '' he said .
While the four earned runs he yielded against the Dodgers and the eight baserunners he allowed against the Marlins ( both season highs ) would n't alarm most hurlers , Scherzer was spooked . So the notoriously meticulous righty went back to the drawing board and made a minuscule mechanical tweak .
`` Changed my positioning of my hands , '' he explained after carving up the O 's . `` Took my hands a little bit lower and away from my face a little bit more , and I felt like that put me online . I was really able to work the glove-side fastball tonight . I felt like that really allowed me to get strikes , and work ahead in the count . ''
It did n't hurt that Scherzer 's gas had a little extra giddy-up .
Max Scherzer is off to a better start this season than in either of the two previous seasons , both of which he won the NL Cy Young in . pic.twitter.com/IewuEFHt7s — ESPN Stats & Info ( @ ESPNStatsInfo ) May 31 , 2018
According to ESPN Stats & Information , the 33-year-old ace averaged 95.2 mph with his fastball against Baltimore , a season high and his best mark over the last two seasons . Between that and his mechanical tweak , the free-swinging Orioles , who entered the game with MLB 's fourth-highest chase rate ( 29.8 percent ) and fifth-highest swing rate ( 48.3 percent ) , did n't stand a chance .
Against Scherzer 's cheese , the Birds posted a 29 percent swing-and-miss rate that was more than double the 13 percent he had posted against the Dodgers and Marlins combined . Of course , the fastball was n't the only thing Mad Max had working on Wednesday .
`` His slider was really , really sharp , '' manager Davey Martinez said .
How sharp ? Of the 25 sliders that Scherzer spun , 20 of them went for strikes , including a season-high nine swings-and-misses .
For the game , Scherzer induced 29 swing-throughs on 111 pitches for a 26.1 percent rate . That 's the third-highest clip of his 333 career appearances ( regular and postseason ) and his best mark since his record-setting 20-strikeout game against the Tigers in 2016 . In other words , Scherzer brought his A-game on Wednesday . Unlike the B-game or C-game that he felt he had brought the past couple of times out .
`` Oh , it 's always a battle . Any pitcher can tell you that , '' said Scherzer , who worked through a consistent mist at Camden Yards to pick up his MLB-best ninth win , getting a little help from Bryce Harper ( NL-best 18th home run ) , rookie Juan Soto ( RBI single ) and closer Sean Doolittle ( 13th save ) . `` If hitting is the hardest thing to do in sports , I 'd say pitching is the most complicated .
`` It 's one of those things you 're always trying to tinker with . Everybody uses video and video can sometimes be a crutch . Sometimes you have to rely on your instincts and your feel , what you feel out there and know what type of adjustments you need to make in between starts . That 's something over the years I really can dial into -- when I know things are right and things are wrong . ''
When things are right for Scherzer , like they often are and like they were on Wednesday , he 's as filthy as any starter in the game .
`` Whenever he goes out here that fifth day , he 's always competitive and one of the best pitchers in baseball , '' Harper said . `` Ca n't say enough about him . Slider , heater , changeup , everything worked tonight . Really special . ''
Iron Mountain announced today that it 's acquiring the U.S. data center assets of IO Data Centers for a cool $ 1.3 billion — and the price tag could potentially go higher .
With today 's purchase , Iron Mountain gets some serious assets , including four state-of-the-art data centers in Phoenix and Scottsdale , Arizona ; Edison , New Jersey ; and Columbus , Ohio . The four buildings in total encompass 728,000 square feet of data center real estate with 68 megawatts of capacity . Iron Mountain also reported there is room for expansion at the Arizona and New Jersey facilities with the potential for an additional 77 megawatts of capacity .
Iron Mountain , which has mostly been known for digital and physical records management , including storing and shredding of physical documents , has been quietly expanding its business this year to include physical data centers . In fact , today 's news follows the acquisition of the Fortrust data center in September and the previously announced acquisition of two Credit Suisse data centers in London and Singapore , which are expected to close next year .
Iron Mountain president and CEO William L. Meaney said purchase is part of a strategy to move beyond its core records management business into the increasingly lucrative co-location facility market . Instead of using a public cloud service , a company could rent out space in a co-location facility and run dedicated servers inside the facility . The building owner provides cooling , power , bandwidth , physical security and overall management of the building .
“ We continue to experience strong demand and growth in our data center business with a focus on establishing a presence in the largest global markets for colocation and enterprise customers . Our strategy includes organic expansion within our existing footprint , greenfield development in the largest U.S. markets such as our newly opened campus in Northern Virginia , and targeted acquisitions of properties with customer profiles that closely mirror our own , ” he said in a statement .
The transaction is expected to close next month and could potentially include up to $ 60 million of potential additional payments , according to the company .
Featured Image : Smith Collection/Gado/Getty Images
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Athletics : Manangoi can run world record , says Kenya 's beaten Kiprop
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017 , 09:22 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men 's 1500 metres semi-final – London Stadium , London , Britain – August 11 , 2017 – Asbel Kiprop of Kenya and Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
By Isaack Omulo
LONDON ( Reuters - Kenya 's new world 1,500m champion Elijah Manangoi can break the 19-year-old world record for the event , Asbel Kiprop said after losing his title to his younger compatriot on Sunday .
“ I see Elijah as a fresh talent , a new guy , who will take the event to the next level , '' Kiprop told reporters after failing in his attempt to win a fourth consecutive 1,500 gold medals at the World Championships . `` He is new , young , strong and smart ; he is the guy to run under 3:26 . ”
Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj set the world record of 3:26.00in Rome on July 14 1998 .
Kiprop , 28 , finished ninth on Sunday , more than three seconds behind Manangoi 's time of three minutes 33.61 seconds , and said he would now move up to the 5,000 metres .
“ I used a wrong tactic and used a lot of energy in closing the gap . When the race settled , the pace had become too hot for me .
“ I will move to the 5,000m to fill the void being left by Mo Farah and to try and bring the title back home , ” he said .
The last Kenyan to win the world 5,000 title was Benjamin Limo in 2005 in Helsinki .
Manangoi , who finished ahead of fellow Kenyan Timothy Cheruiyot , thanked Kiprop for mentoring him but was coy about his world-record ambitions .
“ I thank everybody who made this possible , '' Manangoi , 24 , said . `` It is like a dream . I particularly thank Asbel for mentoring me . As for the world record , let 's not talk about it . ”
( Editing by Clare Fallon )
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Line-ups for the third and final Test between Sri Lanka and India on Saturday in Pallekele , Sri Lanka India won toss and decided to bat Sri Lanka : Dimuth Karunaratne , Upul Tharanga , Kusal Mendis , Dinesh Chandimal ( capt ) , Angelo Mathews , Niroshan Dickwella , Dilruwan Perera , Malinda Pushpakumara , Lakshan Sandakan , Vishwa Fernando , Lahiru Kumara India : Shikhar Dhawan , Lokesh Rahul , Cheteshwar Pujara , Virat Kohli ( capt ) , Ajinkya Rahane , Ravichandran Ashwin , Wriddhiman Saha , Hardik Pandya , Kuldeep Yadav , Mohammed Shami , Umesh Yadav Referees : Richard Illingworth ( Umpire ) , Rod Tucker ( Umpire ) , Bruce Oxenford ( TV umpire ) , Richie Richardson ( Match referee )
Damascus , SANA- Temperatures will remain around or slightly above average as the country is affected by a superficial seasonal low air pressure accompanied by western airstreams in the upper layers of the atmosphere . The Meteorology Department expected in its Monday bulletin that the skies will be .... Sana-en 11:32:00 AM CEST
On Aug. 21 , people in North America will have the chance to witness a solar eclipse — a total eclipse for those who live in or venture to the states through which it will pass , or partial for those staying home in New England .
The path of the eclipse stretches from Lincoln Beach , Oregon , to Charleston , South Carolina .
During this time , the moon passes between the sun and Earth and blocks all or part of the sun for up to about three hours , according to NASA .
In New England , the moon will obscure 60 to 70 percent of the sun , leaving a crescent of sun .
The last time the contiguous U.S. saw a total eclipse was in 1979 .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Logan Bailey , Athlete of the Week , Scranton Prep basketball
The Scranton Prep senior scored 31 points and had 11 steals in two games , leading the Cavaliers to their fourth consecutive Lynett Memorial Tournament championship .
Age : 18
Family : Father , Todd ; mother , Margi ; younger brother , Dawson
Athletes you admire : Kevin Durant , Kawhi Leonard , Jimmy Butler . Kevin Durant for his love for his family , and for his love for his mother , especially . Kawhi Leonard and Jimmy Butler , their hard work and work ethic .
Sports teams you follow : Cleveland Cavaliers . I was a Cavaliers fan before LeBron ( James ) came back to make that clear . I was always liked Kyrie ( Irving ) . He was from New Jersey and I grew up there . I always followed him throughout his career .
Any game day rituals or superstitions ? I always have a chocolate Tastycake with vanilla filling .
Most famous person you 've met ? J.R. Smith . My dad was his jayvee coach at St. Benedict 's in Jersey City .
He used to practice his dunks with a trampoline ? He said all of his dunking ability came from jumping off the trampoline and dunking on his basketball hoop , which hung over his trampoline at his house .
Most famous person 's number in your cell phone ? My brother Dawson . He 's a rapper and he 's already had four concerts , the latest of which was Dec. 28 at Levels .
Three people you 'd like to have dinner with . George Lucas , Sophie Turner , the actress from Game of Thrones , and Martin Luther King .
Opponent you wish was a teammate ? I would say Ky'Ron Harbin from Scranton .
Best opponent you 've guarded or had guarded you in an AAU tournament ? Tyus Battle , who 's now at Syracuse . This was back in sixth grade , but he was breaking me down . He had like 30 against me . Obviously I was upset about it . It made me work harder . Or Quadi Green ( Neumann-Goretti ) . He 's going to Kentucky next year . We played him in states .
Does Tyus Battle remember you ? I do n't think so , but maybe he remembers my two points . He might , I do n't know .
Toughest venue you 've ever played in . West Scranton . ( The fans are ) right on the court , but it 's a good one . I love it .
Where do you hope basketball takes you down the road ? Rather than a level , I hope it creates opportunities for me . So , even if it 's not playing in college , playing professionally or at the next level , it 's meeting new people and being able to have basketball in common .
What major are you hoping to pursue ? I 've always been interested in the medical field , so I 'd like to be a doctor or do one of the sciences .
Playing Division I basketball could be quite a challenge for someone studying pre-med . I 've talked to Coach Carl Danzig at the University of Scranton , I 've worked their camp a few times , and they have a great medical program . So that 's always an option . I 've talked to the Gettysburg coach , a couple of Division IIs , East Stroudsburg and Bloomsburg , and I was talking to Lafayette and a few other schools . Life comes first , and career .
Most important lesson you 've learned in your years on varsity . You have to come out and compete . You have to work hard every day at practice and you have to earn your spot .
Who 's the most improved player on your team from last year to this year ? Brett Para . He had a really good spring and summer , jumping high , running fast , scoring a lot .
Where do you sense the team is now in terms of where you want to be ? We 're not at our peak yet , which is great . We still have room to improve and when we have to be at our best , we will be . Which is going into states and the playoffs .
In its 67th season , the ATHLETE OF THE WEEK appears every Monday in The Times-Tribune . A radio interview with Bailey will air on a future “ In The Zone ” with Joby Fawcett on NEPA 's ESPN Radio 630 and 1240 AM and 96.1 and 100.1 FM . To see more of
Bailey 's interview , visit the High School Sports Blog at thetimes-tribune.com/sports .
FILE - In this Sunday , Jan. 28 , 2018 file photo , Turkish troops try to take control of Bursayah hill , which separates the Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin from the Turkey-controlled town of Azaz , Syria . Syria 's Kurdish militia is growing frustrated with its patron , the United States , and is pressing it to do more to stop Turkey 's assault on Afrin . Their complaints reflect the differing agendas . The Kurds want to ensure their self-rule , while the U.S. wants them to focus on governing the territory they wrested from IS militants . AP Photo , File )
NEW YORK ( AP )  The latest on developments in financial markets ( All times local ) :
4 p.m .
Stocks are ending mostly lower , ending the longest winning streak in four years for the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .
Technology stocks managed to post some gains , however , leaving the Nasdaq composite slightly higher and setting another record .
Advertisement
Elsewhere , it was largely down arrows . Energy stocks slumped along with a steep decline in the price of crude oil . Chevron lost 1.3 percent .
Consumer-focused stocks also fell . Wholesale club operator Costco sank 6 percent .
The S & P 500 index fell 2 points , or 0.1 percent , to 2,549 .
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 1 point to 22,773 , and the Nasdaq composite edged up 4 points , or 0.1 percent , to 6,590 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.37 percent .
___
11:45 a.m .
Stocks are fading from their record highs , putting the Standard & Poor 's 500 index on track to break its longest winning streak in four years .
Energy stocks posted some of the biggest declines in midday trading Friday as the price of oil fell . Chevron fell 1.2 percent .
Consumer-focused stocks were also falling . Wholesale club operator Costco sank 6 percent .
The S & P 500 index fell 7 points , or 0.3 percent , to 2,544 .
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 37 points , or 0.2 percent , to 22,738 , and the Nasdaq composite fell 9 points , or 0.1 percent , to 6,576 .
Bond prices fell slightly . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.36 percent .
___
9:35 a.m .
Stocks are opening slightly lower on Wall Street as technology and phone companies take losses .
The declines early Friday threatened to put an end to the longest winning streak in four years for the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .
Wholesale club operator Costco sank 5.2 percent .
Bond prices fell , pushing yields higher . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.40 percent .
The higher yields send banks higher . Citizens Financial rose 1.4 percent .
The S & P 500 index fell 4 points , or 0.2 percent , to 2,547 .
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 21 points , or 0.1 percent , to 22,753 , and the Nasdaq composite fell 9 points , or 0.1 percent , to 6,576 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Drones are becoming more and more common , now they 'll even take your dog for a walk .
The £1,999 DJI Phantom 4 Dog Drone has been launched to give lazy or time-pressed owners a way to give their dogs a bit of exercise without having to venture out themselves .
It features a built-in retractable dog lead that connects to your pooch 's collar while the drone follows a pre-programmed GPS route around your local park .
And there 's a built-in camera that 'll live-stream the entire walk to your mobile phone .
( Image : Ehang )
The drone will stay airborne for 30 minutes , has a range of up to 2km and features automatic collision-avoidance technology .
“ Following the success of our Cat Drone , we did n't feel it was fair to forget our canine friends . The launch of the innovative Dog Drone is a great alternative for pet owners who lead busy lives by giving the option of hands-free walking , '' said Mark Kelly from online store Drones Direct .
`` This handy piece of tech means dogs have a companion by their side whilst getting the exercise and enjoying the fresh outdoor air they so desperately need on a daily basis . ''
( Image : Getty )
Of course , the only problem with outsourcing Fido 's walkies to a quadcopter is that new regulations mean any drone over 250g has to be registered with the Civil Aviation Authority .
It 's already illegal to fly them above 400ft ( 120m ) or out of the user 's line of sight . Many areas , such as London 's Hyde Park , are also designated no-fly zones for drones .
Just like the good old days , Tom Brady found Randy Moss for the perfect pass while warming up before his Monday Night Football matchup against the Miami Dolphins .
Brady was going through his pregame warmups , and Moss was on air during his pregame analysis for the game . Moss found the time to gravitate towards the sideline and catch a pass from Brady — it was a dime .
Moss was a huge part of the historic 2007 season when Tom Brady set a record 50 touchdown passes , and Moss caught 23 of them . He had 50 total touchdowns , and 3,904 yards in four seasons with the Patriots .
Brady also hung out with Moss , Charles Woodson , and Matt Hasselbeck beforehand and made sure to catch up with the former players .
Tom Brady talking with Matt Hasselbeck when Randy Moss comes over . # WBZ pic.twitter.com/0LQKZHWnDi Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Patriots Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ? — STEVE BURTON ( @ STEVEBURTONWBZ ) December 11 , 2017
March wish list We 've selected our favourite products to ease you into springtime , to treat yourself or for someone special this Mother 's Day . Enter now and you could win the lot ! Beautify Pink Two Drawer Jewellery Organiser Store your accessories , make-up and jewellery in this faux-leather organiser with soft velvet lining . £12.99 , domu.co.uk Hepburn MK II Digital Radio This DAB/FM Bluetooth Radio in Emma Bridgewater 's stunning Wallflower pattern makes an ideal gift , or a treat for yourself – just because you love it ! emmabridgewater.co.uk and myvq.com
Tall Patina Vases
Add colour to your lounge with bright floral vases in a choice of beautiful shades . £7.20 each , zaliwanaaccessories.co.uk
Multi-Panel Canvas 
Customise your favourite snaps to create a timeless keepsake for all the family with this top-quality canvas print . From £35.98 , cewe-photoworld.com
Landon Tyler Diffuser in Pink Cashmere
Discover your signature scent with a choice of 12 enticing fragrances – a new perfume for every month ! £10 , boots.com
Flower Pop Poppies Canvas Tote
Brighten your day with this vibrant bag from a range by artist Sally Mackness . £25 , sallymackness.co.uk
CARLSBAD , N.M. ( AP )  The U.S. Energy Department expects shipments to the nation 's only underground nuclear waste repository to resume in April .
Officials said Tuesday they have plans for nearly 130 shipments from laboratories and other national defense sites over the next year . Those sites must demonstrate that they 're ready to load the radioactive waste and that it meets new safety requirements .
The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant was forced to close in February 2014 after an inappropriately packed drum of waste ruptured , contaminating part of the underground facility in southern New Mexico . Some operations resumed in December after an expensive recovery effort .
Over the last three years , tons of waste left over from decades of nuclear weapon research and development has stacked up at sites around the country , hampering the government 's multibillion-dollar cleanup program .
COVENTRY , R.I. — Police say a woman in Rhode Island had taken out a gun to investigate a noise when she accidentally shot herself .
Coventry police say the woman slipped Friday night and the gun she was carrying discharged , striking her . She had been looking into a noise she heard from behind her home .
WJAR-TV reports the woman was taken to Kent Hospital to be treated for injuries . Her condition was n't clear .
A police investigation confirmed it was an accidental , self-inflicted gunshot wound .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Trump administration plans to nominate Admiral Harry Harris , the head of the U.S. Pacific Command who has already been nominated to be the next U.S. ambassador to Australia , to fill the long-vacant post of ambassador to South Korea instead , two senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday .
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Navy Admiral Harry Harris Jr , head of the Pacific Command , attends at a Fullerton Lecture on `` Challenges , Opportunities and Innovation in the Indo-Asia-Pacific '' , in Singapore October 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Edgar Su
Another source with knowledge of the situation said President Donald Trump 's nominee to be secretary of state , Mike Pompeo , had asked Harris to take the post in Seoul , which has been vacant since Trump took office in January last year .
“ He is a good officer and was asked directly by Pompeo to fill this ambassadorship hole , ” the source said .
Two senior U.S. officials confirmed the plan to nominate Harris . The sources spoke on condition of anonymity and there was no immediate comment from the White House .
Trump nominated Harris , who is known for his hawkish views on China 's military expansion , to serve as the American ambassador to Australia in February , but filling the key post in Seoul post has become even more of a priority as diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea 's nuclear weapons have intensified .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is due to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in a summit on Thursday and Trump has said he will hold an unprecedented meeting with Kim himself in May or June .
Pompeo told his Senate confirmation hearing this month that filling the Seoul post and a handful of others required “ immediate attention . ”
“ I will find what I believe to be the best fit to execute America 's diplomatic mission around the world , ” he said .
The White House said in February it was no longer considering Victor Cha , a former official who questioned the wisdom of a preventative military strike on North Korea that was being mulled by the administration as a possibility earlier this year .
Harris told the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee last month the United States could not be overly optimistic about the outcome of a Trump-Kim summit and must go into it with “ eyes wide open . ”
He said he was encouraged by the prospect of a summit , but that North Korea remained the biggest security threat in the Asia-Pacific region .
Harris said he believed Kim would like to see a reunification of the Korean peninsula under his rule , and sought respect , status and security through the possession of nuclear weapons .
Solano County officials want more women to open businesses here , and for the women-owned businesses already here , to thrive , so they 've devised a program designed to inspire and support female entrepreneurs , Solano County Library officials announced .
Women Mean Business , a comprehensive approach to inspiring and supporting women-owned businesses , debuts in March at Solano County Library branches .
“ The series includes inspiring speakers , financial workshops , and a collection of new books especially chosen for women considering the start of a new business , ” Solano County Library spokeswoman Ann Miller said . “ The new books , with titles covering the gamut of women entrepreneurship , from ‘ Million Dollar Women : The Essential Guide for Female Entrepreneurs Who Want to Go Big ' to ‘ The Women 's Small Business Start Up Kit , ' will be on display at all Solano County Library branches . ”
Funded by the Women 's History Luncheon Committee and the Solano County Library Foundation , the program seeks to support women who are embarking on business ownership as well as those who are growing an existing business .
“ Attendees will be hearing stories from some of Solano 's finest glass ceiling breakers and will be inspired by how challenges and successes can grow small businesses . All women can obtain economic empowerment . We want women to find out how at these six event series , ” said Deb Sica , branch manager of Vallejo 's John F. Kennedy and Springstowne Libraries , who developed the program .
“ Workforce readiness is a priority for the county and helping women start and grow their businesses is good for everyone , ” Miller said . “ Less time commuting , more time with family and more connection with the community. ” Sica called the program “ a great opportunity to get free advice and ask any question you might have about starting a business in a safe place . ”
Women seeking to share and promote their own businesses at these Saturday events are encouraged to sign up for a reserved spot in the networking area . These spaces are limited and free . Reserve a spot for Women Owned Business by contacting Sica at libraryannouncements @ solanocounty.com or by calling 1-866-572-7587 .
The speaker lineup includes three women who tell their stories of struggles and successes .
In the same spirit , on the first three Thursdays in March , the library will partner with Travis Credit Union to present a Woman and Money series , organizers said .
These free evening presentations will run from 6-8 p.m. and will help attendees learn how to manage their finances by addressing the specific financial challenges women often face .
The Travis Thursday programs are :
• March 2 : Fairfield Cordelia Library , 5050 Business Center Drive .
Advertisement
• March 9 : Rio Vista Library , 44 South Second St .
• March 16 : the Suisun City Library , 601 Pintail Drive .
All events are free and open to the public .
For more information , visit http : //www.solanolibrary.com for call 1-866-572-7587 .
Contact Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at ( 707 ) 553-6824 .
TORONTO — Ontario 's Liberal Party meets today to hear from Premier Kathleen Wynne , who is expected to deliver a `` rally-style '' speech to party members for the last time before the coming spring provincial election .
The gathering in downtown Toronto , which enters its second day today , will focus on campaign preparedness , volunteer training and recruitment .
Wynne 's speech , expected late Saturday afternoon , is one of two keynote addresses at the weekend event .
Also delivering a keynote address is Grey Cup-winning coach of the Toronto Argonauts , Marc Trestman , around noon .
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members .
Ontario 's general election is June 7 .
On Friday , Wynne again stressed her campaign themes of creating fairness and opportunity for all Ontarians , as she has for months leading up to the election .
`` We 're entering into a very interesting period , '' she said , laughing . `` Is that fair to say ? And I 've got a great team behind me . We 're here to talk about the values that are the Liberal values that drive us . ''
Touting policies such as the provincial minimum wage increase and free post-secondary tuition , Wynne also said she believes that government should help people do things they ca n't do for themselves .
`` We 're not a business , '' Wynne said . `` We 're a caring society and our government has to be an expression of that . ''
COLOMBO , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The Sri Lankan rupee hit a record low for a second day running on Friday due to dollar demand from banks and importers , but remittances and greenback sales by exporters checked the fall , dealers said .
The spot rupee ended at 154.30/35 per dollar , surpassing the previous low of 154.28 hit on Thursday , when it closed at 154.15/20 .
The currency fell 0.4 percent this week , surrendering a 0.2 percent gain made last week .
“ Some foreign banks were on the ( dollar ) buying side . There were some sizable remittance flows but the demand was heavy , ” said a currency dealer .
Dealers expect a 2-3 percent depreciation in the rupee and higher volatility this year on account of debt repayment by the government .
President Maithripala Sirisena 's administration must repay an estimated 1.97 trillion rupees ( $ 12.85 billion ) in 2018 - a record high - including $ 2.9 billion of foreign loans and a total of $ 5.36 billion in interest .
Foreign investors bought 5.9 billion rupees worth of government securities this year up to Jan. 30 , central bank data showed .
The rupee fell 2.5 percent last year and 3.9 percent in 2016 .
Sri Lanka 's stock , bond and foreign exchange markets are closed on Monday for a special holiday . Markets will resume trading on Tuesday . ( $ 1 = 153.6500 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
( Reuters ) - Brighton and Hove Albion 's record signing Jurgen Locadia has begun training with the first team after shaking off a hamstring injury but is unlikely to play in Saturday 's Premier League clash with West Ham United , manager Chris Hughton said .
“ He 's been training ... which is good news for us , ” Hughton told the club 's website ( www.brightonandhovealbion.com ) of the 24-year-old Dutchman , who arrived from PSV Eindhoven on a four-and-a-half-year deal .
“ It 's not early enough to consider him for the game this Saturday because he 's been out for around six weeks . ”
Locadia , who has 45 goals from 82 Eredivisie starts and 45 substitute appearances and nine in 15 league games this season , is in line for a return to action when 15th-placed Brighton take on Stoke City in the league next weekend .
( $ 1 = 0.7013 pounds )
CHATTANOOGA , Tenn. ( AP )  A county commission in Tennessee has decided to keep a bust of a Confederate officer on its courthouse lawn .
The Chattanooga Times Free-Press reports the Hamilton County Commission voted 6-2 Wednesday to keep the bust of Lt. Gen. Alexander P. Stewart .
After the meeting , the NAACP 's Chattanooga President , Dr. Elenora Woods , said that things will have to change and that voting out the commissioners who opposed the removal of the bust is a key order of business .
Last week , Commissioner Greg Beck introduced legislation to seek the state 's permission to remove the bust , which was erected in 1919 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy . Commissioners Greg Beck and Warren Mackey , the two black members of the commission , were the only votes to remove the bust .
Rapper Meek Mill was released from prison on bail Tuesday after a ruling from Pennsylvania 's highest court , according to NBC10 in Philadelphia . In a highly dramatic scene , the rapper was driven from the state prison in Chester , Penn. , on Tuesday evening directly to a nearby parking lot , where he and his friend , Philadelphia Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin , boarded a helicopter and flew to the nearby Wells Fargo Arena to attend the team 's fifth game of the NBA playoffs .
“ I feel great , ” Mill told a NBC10 reporter as he entered the arena .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered his release Tuesday after a controversial ruling in November in which the rapper was sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating his probation .
“ We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail , ” lawyer Joe Tacopina said in a statement . “ As we have said all along , Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail . ”
# Repost @ meekmilly215_ 😊😊😊😊😊 # meekmill A post shared by Meek Mill ( @ meekmill ) on Apr 24 , 2018 at 4:55pm PDT
In the decision , the court questioned cited the credibility of Mill 's arresting officer , Reginald Graham , who was since been included in a list of possibly corrupt Philadelphia police officers .
Meek 's case rallied multiple celebrities , with Rev . Al Sharpton , New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft and even Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney all visiting the rapper in prison . Jay-Z wrote an op-ed in the New York Times last November in which he said , “ “ What 's happening to Meek Mill is just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day . ”
Related Judge Denies Meek Mill 's Bail Request , Calling Him a 'Danger to the Community ' Jay-Z Writes Op-Ed on Meek Mill 's Prison Sentence : ‘ Our Justice System Entraps and Harasses Black People '
After Mill 's release , he issued a new statement saying : “ Today , Meek Mill , a son of Philadelphia , is a free man . He was incarcerated unjustly and caught in a probation trap for years by a broken system . Now we can celebrate his release . We thank every individual that has supported and fought alongside Meek every step of the way ”
In November , Meek Mill 's bail request was denied by Judge Genece Brinkley , who said he is a “ flight risk ” and a “ danger to the community , ” according to court documents obtained by TMZ .
Brinkley also questioned the accuracy of the rapper 's clean drug tests , claiming that he may have used a substance called “ Fast Flush ” to clean out his system .
Brinkley sentenced Mill ( born Robert Rihmeek Williams ) to 2 to 4 years prison on Nov. 6 , citing a failed drug test and unapproved travel , stemming from a 2008 gun and drug case . She said she had given him multiple chances but he had n't complied . According to evidence from probation officers , the musician tested positive for narcotics numerous times . The sentence was unexpected as prosecutors recommended Mill not be imprisoned for the probation violations , mentioning he 's been drug-free since January and has complied with most requirements of probation .
Mill was arrested in March at St. Louis International Airport and charged with misdemeanor assault after an altercation with two airport employees . In August , he was stopped for reckless endangerment while driving his motorcycle in New York City . Both cases were dropped after he agreed to fulfill community service requirements .
“ Democrats are doubling down on their campaign trying to turn House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) into political villain in advance of next year 's midterm election , using themes that could hurt his image with staunch conservatives in addition to liberal activists , ” the Washington Post reports .
“ House Majority PAC , a super PAC affiliated with the leadership team of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) , is launching the new round of digital ads throughout the country highlighting the health-care fight . Additionally , the group is trying to brand Ryan with an elitist tag , through a new website that it is launching called ‘ Fancy Paul Ryan . ' ”
( Reuters ) - At first glance , U.S. Representative Mo Brooks seems exactly the kind of candidate President Donald Trump would love to see win Tuesday 's Republican primary election for Alabama 's open U.S. Senate seat .
The 63-year-old Republican is a Freedom Caucus member and an immigration hardliner who calls opponent Luther Strange `` Lying Luther , '' echoing Trump 's penchant for bestowing insulting nicknames on his political foes . Strange , 64 , is the former state attorney general who was appointed to fill the Senate seat left vacant after Jeff Sessions became U.S. attorney general .
`` Trump would like to drain the swamp ; Brooks would like to blow it up , '' said Larry Powell , a professor of communication at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . `` But their goals are the same . ''
Yet it was Strange , not Brooks , who earned a coveted prize last week in a race that could measure Trump 's influence in a state he carried easily in last year 's election , despite recent indications that his support among Republicans may be softening .
Trump took to Twitter to offer Strange his `` complete and total endorsement . ''
The tweet came as something of a surprise . Known as `` Big Luther '' thanks to his 6-foot-9-inch ( 2.1-meter ) frame , Strange has a close alliance with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , who is under fire from Trump for failing to push his agenda through Congress and refusing to eliminate a filibuster that gives Democrats veto power over many key bills . Strange agrees the filibuster should remain in place .
In a telephone interview , Brooks noted that Trump followed his endorsement of Strange with a barrage of Twitter criticisms aimed at McConnell , which Brooks called `` extraordinarily baffling . ''
`` Any Alabama voter who wants to see President Trump 's legislative agenda pass the United States Senate would be much better served to vote for Mo Brooks than Luther Strange , '' Brooks said . `` President Trump 's entire legislative agenda is dead so long as the Senate 's 60-percent rule requires President Trump to get the consent of Democrat leader Chuck Schumer to pass it . ''
Both Brooks and Strange may be losing to the third viable candidate in the nine-way race . Former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore , 70 , has led in several voter surveys , though polling in the race has been limited .
The Moore and Strange campaigns did not respond to requests for comment .
Assuming no candidate reaches 50 percent of the vote , the top two finishers will go head-to-head in late September , with the winner a heavy favorite against whoever emerges from the Democratic primary .
U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks before signing the Veterans Affairs Choice and Quality Employment Act at Trump 's golf estate in Bedminster , New Jersey , U.S. August 12 , 2017 . Jonathan Ernst
THE TRUMP FACTOR
For weeks , Strange and Brooks have lobbed attacks at one another as insufficiently committed to Trump .
Advertisements from supporters of Strange highlighted Brooks ' endorsement of Texas Senator Ted Cruz for president last year , as well as criticism Brooks made of Trump at the time .
Brooks , a founder of the House of Representatives ' far-right Freedom Caucus who survived the shooting attack on Congress members at a softball practice in June , has fired back by attacking Strange for his close ties to Senate leadership .
Strange and Brooks have largely ignored Moore , though Strange backers have run some anti-Moore ads in recent days .
`` I think both assume that Moore is going to make the runoff , and whoever gets to the runoff will likely beat him , '' Powell said .
Moore made his name in 2003 by refusing a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state Supreme Court building and losing his position .
After winning another term in 2013 , he was suspended in 2016 and later resigned after directing state judges to defy the U.S. Supreme Court and continue to enforce a ban on same-sex marriage .
The former judge is popular among religious conservatives but had trouble expanding his base in previous campaigns for governor .
Each contender would likely serve as a reliable Republican vote in the Senate , with little daylight between their policy positions .
`` All three of these candidates are different intensities of the same flavor , '' said Steven Taylor , a political science professor at Troy University in Alabama .
A special investigation by the State Auditor 's Office finds a tangled mess of interaction between the Appanoose County Conservation Department and the Appanoose Conservation Foundation .
Auditor Mary Mosiman says the report found operation did n't follow the proper guidelines . “ The foundation was established to support the department 's efforts . Instead , the department appears to be financially supporting the efforts administered by the foundation , ” Mosiman explains . She says the found nearly $ 74,000 that was improperly spent .
“ Various employee benefit payouts to the former Appanoose County Conservation Department director , such as vacation payout and termination payouts , ” according to Mosiman . “ We also had concerns regarding commingling of transactions involving property between the department and the foundation as well as things like rent collections on one of the county properties that went to the foundation instead of to the county . ”
Mosiman says the issues arose during the tenure of former Conservation Department director Mark Hoffman . The audit found Hoffman maintained a significant role in the foundation after being fired by the county . She says land issues were a big part of the concerns — and cites the sale of one piece of land as an example .
Mosiman says in one case the county sold land to the foundation and the document of the sale amount was zero , but within a week the land was sold by the foundation for $ 280,000 . Mosiman says relatives of Hoffman were allowed to live on county property without paying rent during and after the time they worked for the county . The report finds other nepotism issues in payments made to the relatives of Hoffman by the foundation . Mosiman says Appanoose County leaders are working to address the concerns raised in the report and says it will take some to work to turn things around .
“ The lines have been blurred here for several years between the foundation and the county department . That 's what this report details — all the various ways in which that commingling takes place , ” Mosiman says . Mosiman says the report has been turned over to the Appanoose County Attorney Attorney General 's Office , and the Division of Criminal Investigation for their review to determine if there are any criminal charges .
Here 's the investigation report : Appanoose-County-Investigation-PDF
AMMAN ( Reuters ) - Warplanes have hit a convoy of civilians fleeing along a major Syrian highway , rescuers and a witness said on Saturday .
It took place in an area where Syrian and Iranian-backed troops were pushing , with air cover , towards a rebel-held town in northwestern Idlib province , they said .
Syrian soldiers and Iranian-backed militiamen were now around twelve kilometres from Saraqeb , advancing towards the Damascus-Aleppo highway under cover of heavy Russian air strikes , two opposition sources said .
Rescuers said at least seven civilians were pulled out of the wreckage of cars after the air strikes on Friday .
“ We believe two Russian planes struck the convoy of civilians on the highway and left at least seven killed and twelve injured , mostly elderly and children , ” said Ammar al Adnan , a civil defence worker from Saraqeb .
Activists ' videos on social media showed rescuers extinguishing fires on the route , used by thousands of villagers fleeing areas south of Aleppo now overrun by the Syrian army and its allies .
Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the footage .
Russia 's defence ministry regularly says it is attacking hardline Islamist militants . It denies opposition and witness accounts that its planes target civilians , marketplaces , medical centres and residential areas away from frontlines .
Syrian media made no mention of the strikes .
A major Syrian army offensive , begun earlier this year in southern Aleppo and eastern Idlib , has allowed it to take control of a large amount of territory from rebel forces .
The advances have caused an exodus of thousands of civilians to the relative safety of territory further north towards the Turkish border .
Air raids have struck several cave hospitals and exacerbated a refugee crisis along the Turkish frontier , where camps now house tens thousands of displaced people .
The army confirmed new gains on Saturday , saying it had seized a string of villages from al Qaeda fighters , state television said , quoting a military source .
Product Management is a skill that many companies are looking for these days as they bring new products to market , test new ideas , and figure out which direction to go . In today 's world , things change so fast that you 've always got to be ahead of the curve or you get left behind quickly , and no one wants that . Would n't it be cool to get involved with the next big thing , before it is the next big thing ? Well , you can with the right skills .
Master these new skills for $ 45 ! Learn More
The complete Product Management bundle will help get you started with the skills you need to jumpstart your new career path . From learning the basic skillsets you need to shift your career to mastering the interview and becoming a Product Manager , you 'll get it all . With 7 different courses and nearly 500 lessons , you 'll get a whole lot of information at a huge discount here . The courses include : Skillsets to Shift Your Career to Product Management - $ 45 Value
The Complete Product Management Course - $ 35 Value
Master the Product Manager Interview - The Complete Guide - $ 35 Value
The Non-Technical Person 's Guide to Building Products & Apps - $ 30 Value
Become a Product Manager | Learn the Skills & Get the Job - $ 35 Value
Product Management : Product Market Strategy - $ 20 Value
Buyer Personas for Your B2B Business - $ 20 Value
Take a chance at a new career for 79 % off ! Learn More
PORTLAND , Maine ( AP )  The parent company of Poland Spring water is asking a judge to dismiss a lawsuit that accuses it of providing water that 's not actually from springs .
The filing Friday says the matter was already litigated in 2003 in Illinois and that a federal court ca n't pre-empt a state court ruling . It also says the plaintiffs should be taking up the matter with the Food and Drug Administration instead of turning to the courts .
The original lawsuit filed in Connecticut and a similar one in Maine contend Poland Spring water comes from wells or municipal sources .
FDA rules allow a bottler to call its product `` spring water '' if it is drawn from the same source as a natural spring and meets certain requirements for chemical composition .
Advertisement
Poland Spring is owned by Nestle Waters North America .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) -
* UK AND CHINA SIGN MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ON MEDICINE AND DEVICE REGULATION , UK ‘ S MHRA SAYS
* UK/CHINA AGREEMENT COVERS EXCHANGE OF LEARNING FROM ACCELERATED ACCESS REVIEW AND HOW TO REGULATE TRADING OF MEDICINES ONLINE
* NEW AGREEMENT EXPANDS ON A PREVIOUS MOU SIGNED IN 2014 WHICH FOCUSSED ON THE EXCHANGE OF SAFETY INFORMATION ( Reporting by UK bureau )
President Uhuru Kenyatta has once again fired a warning to leaders looting public funds to do so at their own peril .
In a televised address to the fifth annual devolution conference in Kakamega delivered from State House Nairobi , the president asked county governors to join him in delivering his big four agenda and deal ruthlessly with graft saying Kenyans want results not waste .
Equally warned were civil servants as the president announced the roll out of his universal healthcare plan and a 50bksh injection by the national govt to the counties for infrastructure improvement .
ALBANY , N.Y. ( AP )  Child advocates say New York 's marriage law that allows children as young as 14 years old to wed can trap minors in sexual abuse and domestic violence .
Democratic Assemblywoman Amy Paulin on Tuesday introduced a bill to raise the minimum age for marriage to 17 .
New York is one of three states that allow 14-year-olds to marry with parental and judicial consent . Twenty-seven states have no minimum age in state statute .
Paulin says between the years of 2000 and 2010 , 3,850 minors were married in New York . Eighty-four percent of those children were minor girls married to adult men .
Advertisement
Child advocates say children have no escape from forced marriages because minors have limited access to legal services and domestic violence shelters .
Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are house hunting .
The 33-year-old reality TV star and her basketball player boyfriend , 26 , are reportedly expecting their first child together and the pair are looking for a place to raise the baby .
A source told PEOPLE : `` Khloé is looking for a home with Tristan Thompson , and she 's thrilled they 've taken this next step together . The whole family is being super supportive of each other . ''
This will be Khloe 's first baby but Tristan welcomed son Prince Oliver Thompson , in December 2016 with his ex-girlfriend Jordan Craig .
Khloe 's sister Kylie Jenner is also expecting her first baby with boyfriend Travis Scott and she and Khloe are planning their nurseries together , along with their family , including sister Kim Kardashian West - who will welcome a third child with her husband Kanye West via surrogate .
The source said : `` Khloé and Kylie are both starting to plan out their nurseries , and Kim and Kourtney are also involved in the process . All the sisters are super excited , and Kris has been helping as well . ''
Meanwhile , Kylie , 20 , is reportedly planning to maintain a low profile throughout her pregnancy .
The insider added : `` Kylie still wants to keep a low profile and prefers to stay home at the moment . Even though this is a very exciting time for her , she wants to be more private for now , and is doing her best to stay out of the public eye .
`` She feels good , but her body is changing . She does n't want to be photographed . At the moment , she wants more privacy . She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company . She is very excited about the baby though . She talks about the baby nonstop . She is already shopping like crazy . ''
University of Iowa senior linebacker Josey Jewell and junior defensive back Josh Jackson have been named to the Associated Press All-America team on Monday .
This is the fourth straight year Iowa has had an Associated Press All-American , ( Desmond King , 2015-16 ; Austin Blythe , 2015 ; Brandon Scherff , 2014 ) and third time in four years that player was named to the first team .
Jewell , a native of Decorah , Iowa , was named a Walter Camp first-team All-America and was recipient of the Lott IMPACT Trophy and Jack Lambert Award . Jewell earned first-team all-conference honors by Big Ten coach and media and Associated Press . He leads the Big Ten and ranks third nationally in tackles ( 125 total , 11.4 per game ) . Jewell is a finalist for the Senior CLASS Award and was a finalist for the Bronko Nagurski Trophy . In addition , he was a semifinalist for the Bednarik and Butkus Awards .
Jewell is the third Hawkeye in program history to have three seasons with at least 115 tackles ( Larry Station 83 , 84 , 85 ; Abdul Hodge 03 , 04 , 05 ) . Jewell has led the team in tackles in each of the last two seasons ( 126 in 2015 , 124 in 2016 ) .
Jackson , a native of Corinth , Texas , is tied as the national leader with seven interceptions and earned all-conference recognition for the first time and was named a Walter Camp first-team All-American . He leads the nation with 25 passes defended and is tied for second in interception return touchdowns ( two ) , and pass break-ups ( 18 ) . He ranks third in interception return yards ( 163 ) . Jackson 's seven interceptions rank fourth best for a single season at Iowa , just one from tying Iowa 's single-season record ( Desmond King , 2015 ; Lou King , 1981 ; Nile Kinnick , 1939 ) .
Jackson tied Iowa 's school record with two interception returns for touchdowns ( B.J . Lowery , 2013 ) at Wisconsin , covering 43 and 52 yards . The previous week , Jackson tied Iowa 's school record with three interceptions in Iowa 's 55-24 win over No . 3 Ohio State . Jackson also had a forced fumble at Wisconsin , and a blocked field goal in a win over North Texas . He has started all 12 games this season and recorded 47 tackles . Jackson was a finalist for the Jim Thorpe Award .
This week , luxury retailer Mulberry are giving away free Grayson Perry designed Balloons to the public from their Bond Street Flagship store .
The Balloons depict Perry 's childhood teddy bear 'Alan Measles ' , designed , created and distributed in order to celebrate the opening of Grayson Perry 's 'The Most Popular Art Exhibition Ever ! ' at the Serpentine Galleries in London from 8 June to 10 September 2017 .
There are limited numbers each day and there is only one week left to secure your own unmissable disposable art piece from the eccentric artist . The Mulberry Bond St opening hours are Monday-Saturday 10:00-17:00 BST and Sunday 12:00-18:00 BST .
Do n't miss these beautiful gifts !
Related Projects
Amazon has dropped a new action-packed trailer for their upcoming spy thriller “ Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan . ”
Entitled “ Presidents , ” the trailer is bookended by quotes from Bill Clinton and John F. Kennedy Jr. , making it a timely release for this fourth of July holiday .
“ Though our challenges are fearsome , so our strengths , ” Clinton 's quote begins the action , with the titular hero ( played by John Krasinski ) shown in his comfortable CIA cubicle . But the imagery that follows proves just how complicated his life will become soon enough in the series , as building explode , armed forces perform ops in night vision , and he gets shot at and is forced to grab a gun and fire back .
A rendition of “ All Along the Watchtower ” performed by Devlin featuring Ed Sheeran plays under the trailer , which ends with Kennedy 's promise that “ we stand today on the edge of a new frontier ” as the premiere date flashes .
This new trailer launches ahead of San Diego Comic-Con , where Amazon will be unveiling a “ Jack Ryan ” fan experience that allows attendees to take part in virtual reality and escape room challenges to train being a spy and earn show swag .
Related John Krasinski Has Seen 'The Devil Wears Prada ' Over 70 Times Twitch Prime Members Get Free Games Daily in Lead Up to Amazon 's Prime Day Sale
Amazon 's version of “ Jack Ryan , ” which comes from Carlton Cuse and Graham Roland , focuses on an updated version of the classic Tom Clancy-novel icon , previously played Alec Baldwin , Harrison Ford , Ben Affleck and Chris Pine in film adaptations of the character . It 's an origin story of sorts , starring Krasinski as a younger , up-and-coming Ryan during his first operation tracking down a network of terrorists after discovering a pattern in their communications .
Joining Krasinksi in the series is “ The Wire 's ” Wendell Pierce as deputy director of intelligence James Greer and Abbie Cornish from “ Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing , Missouri ” as Cathy Muller . Academy award-nominee Morten Tyldum directed the pilot , and the show is executive produced by Cuse and Roland who also serve as showunners . Platinum Dunes ' Michael Bay , Andrew Form and Brad Fuller executive produce , alongside Daniel Sackheim and Skydance 's David Ellison , Dana Goldberg and Marcy Ross . Lindsey Springer and Allyson Seeger co-executive produce .
The show is co-produced by both Paramount Television and Skydance Television .
“ Jack Ryan ” will be available on Amazon Prime Video on August 31 , and will be the first time the character has been onscreen since “ Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit ” in 2014 .
Watch the new “ Jack Ryan ” trailer below :
On Sunday 's “ Last Week Tonight With John Oliver , ” the host returned to one of his favorite on-air pastimes — trolling the Trump administration .
This time , his target was Vice President Mike Pence , who has been criticized for his stances on LGBT issues , especially when he was governor of Indiana . Oliver admitted that there was one thing he still liked about Pence , which is his pet rabbit named Marlon Bundo , which the comedian said was “ an objectively good name for a bunny . ”
“ Marlon Bundo is the most likeable thing about an otherwise unlikeable man , ” Oliver said during the segment . “ Like how George W. Bush is a perfectly fine painter , or how Bill Cosby raised Americans ' awareness of pudding or how Roger Ailes is dead . Sometimes you ca n't deny that there 's one thing you like about someone . ”
He went on to reveal that the Pence family was publishing a children 's book based on the rabbit , titled “ Marlon Bundo 's A Day in the Life of the Vice President , ” written by Pence 's daughter Charlotte and illustrated by his wife , Karen . In Oliver 's view , the book “ even managed to ruin Marlon Bundo , ” as the book tour includes a stop at Focus on the Family , a group that supports gay conversion therapy .
Related John Oliver Victorious : Coal CEO 's Defamation Suit Dismissed And Now This : John Oliver Just Might Be a Journalist
That was when the host revealed his joke , saying , “ It turns out in a complete coincidence , we also wrote a book about Mike Pence 's rabbit that has also been published . In fact , while his is out tomorrow , ours is released right now . ”
“ There are a few small differences between the two books , ” he added . “ You 'll notice right away that our rabbit has a bow tie , so there 's that . Also , our story is about Marlon Bundo falling in love with another boy rabbit because our Marlon Bundo is gay , just like the real Marlon Bundo. ” An audiobook of the story , titled “ A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo , ” is also available , featuring voices from Jim Parsons , Jesse Tyler Ferguson , Jeff Garlin , Ellie Kemper , John Lithgow , Jack McBrayer , and RuPaul .
“ This is an actual book for children . It 's not some adult book telling Mike Pence to go f— himself , although in buying it , that 's exactly what you would be doing , ” Oliver concluded .
The book is available on Amazon and betterbundobook.com , with all proceeds donated to the Trevor Project , which provides counseling and suicide prevention services for LGBTQ youth . On Monday , Oliver 's book is at the top of Amazon 's best-sellers list , while the Pences ' book is currently No . 11 on the list .
“ We 're actually out here trying to create value , not just give venture capital money away ” says Flexport CEO Ryan Petersen . “ It 's counterintuitive . The more the business works , the more cash it needs . ”
That 's because Flexport does n't ship bits , it ships atoms . Lots of them . Flexport is a freight forwarding logistics network . If you produce a few metric tons of goods in China and need them in stores across the U.S. , it books the trucks , ports , planes , and boats you need to get them there . While the dinosaur freight forwarders still rely on paper manifests , Flexport tracks all the data to optimize every route .
Flexport sounds “ unsexy ” on the surface , but it 's multi-trillion dollar market opportunity that 's attracting big-name investors . Flexport already moves 7,000 shipping containers a month for an average of $ 2,000 each while taking around a 15 % cut , earning it roughly $ 21 million per month with revenue up 3.7X in the last year . “ Unit economics have always worked for us , even when we were tiny . We 've always insisted on that ” says Petersen .
“ There 's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise ” — Ryan Petersen , Flexport CEO
Now after TechCrunch reported last month that sources told us Flexport had raised a $ 110 million Series C at an $ 800 million pre-money valuation , the company today confirmed the deal . The round was led by DST Global , whose partner Rahul Mehta will become a board observer , and was joined by Founders Fund and Susa Ventures plus other existing investors . And crucial to Flexport 's audacious new business model is the addition of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital .
Flexport wants to finance its customers freight , not just ship it .
Forwarding + Financing
Businesses have to pay factories to produce their goods up front , but it can take months to ship and sell the inventory before they earn back that money . Flexport plans to offer trade financing funded by a big bank like Wells Fargo . Essentially , Flexport would use all its shipping data to calculate and minimize the risk , front the money to its customers , and score an added percentage when it 's paid back .
“ It 's such a big business and a nice extension ” Petersen tells TechCrunch . 80 percent to 90 percent of all global trade relies on trade financing , according to the WTO . “ We have all the data to assess credit worthiness ” the CEO says , touting the speed with which Flexport could do that research . “ A traditional bank might take a long time to get the money . It might take a month or two . But business happens really fast . We can lend to those customers , whether it 's Wells Fargo 's or someone else 's money . ”
Matt Raubacher , a managing director of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital says “ While Flexport already had a banking and credit relationship with Wells Fargo , the Strategic Capital group is excited to take the next step and also become an equity investor in this rapidly growing business with an exceptional leadership team . ”
Customers could get their freight financed and forwarded all at once , cutting down their logistical headaches while giving Flexport more….flexibility in how it prices both the shipping and the loans . “ It 's pretty sticky . If you 're funding your business on the platform , you wo n't switch ” Petersen says . “ You could make the loan cheaper because you 're making money with the freight , or offer cheaper freight because you 're making money on the financing . ”
Owning The Warehouses Too
Flexport is n't content just sticking to the money and logistics . It plans to use the new $ 110 million in equity funding to buy warehouses around the world that it calls ‘ cross-ports ' . Petersen says Flexport can have “ more control ” with “ our software , our process in the warehouse . ”
Typically when containers come off those giant ships , they get put in some third-party warehouse at the port . But if Flexport owns those warehouses , it can do some neat things in the meantime . “ We scan everything for dimensions and weights , and build a model of the cargo so the next time someone ships the same thing , we know everything about it. ” It can also mix-and-match shipments from different clients for efficiency , or redirect goods mid-journey .
Flexport opened its first 12,000 square foot cross-port in Hong Kong two months ago and it 's already jam-packed , so it 's planning to move to a bigger space like the 100,000 square foot spot it has in LA . Petersen says the plan is to open 25 of these , beyond its nine offices that house 500 employees . I 'm pretty sure that qualifies as an empire .
“ It 's just a lot to take on ” Petersen admits . “ There are three remaining challenges that never go away . They all with ‘ C ' , but not because I 'm cheesy . ”
Complexity – “ Building the right things in the right order ” , and not doing too many or too few Culture – Remaining a fun place to work . Employees “ put a lot in . They grind ” so they have to feel appreciated and like they 're learning and growing their careers . Compliance – “ Making sure we follow all the rules all the time ” because it 's a heavily regulated industry .
That last one has destroyed plenty of startups , from the Zenefits insurance scandal to Theranos ' bunk blood tests .
“ Our regulators are more serious , they 're customs and border protection . It 's not the taxi and limousine commission ” Petersen says , taking a jab at cities that have tolerated Uber 's insubordination . “ With dangerous goods , actual human lives can be at risk . You ship something flammable in a passenger airplane , no one is going to take that lightly . There are not a lot of gray areas. ” Petersen is happy to go by the book .
A Social Network For Trade , Or Is It Amazon ?
Flexport takes inspiration from today 's top tech companies . “ There 's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise ” says Petersen . “ It should feel like you 're building your cart on Amazon and then 10 containers of your own products show up. ” Though simultaneously , he says that “ We think trade is inherently social ” , which is why whenever it signs a client , Flexport gets them to pull their trade partners into the system too . “ Connecting them is very logical . We borrow inspiration from Facebook . ”
As for whether freight is ‘ cool ' now , Petersen smiles . “ I do n't know if it 's sexy or boring . Wall Street 's pretty [ redacted ] boring to me , moving money around . Money 's sexy I guess ” he says , then suddenly gets serious about his own company . “ It 's hard work , it 's not this overnight success . ”
Despite its budding empire , Flexport is still only the 23rd-largest freight forwarder . But rather than take that as an insult , investors see it as an opportunity . “ None of the other top 25 were founded after Netscape ” Petersen is fond of remarking . They 're only just adopting technology . Flexport was born in it .
“ I do n't worry about startup competitors ” Petersen says , noting that during the sales process , customers have never compared Flexport to those chasing it . “ I worry the more we 're out talking to the press . I worry the big guys will stop thinking of us as such a joke . ”
He suspects those giants like FedEx , DHL and Expeditors might acquire the upstarts like Freightos , Haven , or Fleet to get a grip on tech . But Flexport is n't taking offers . In fact , Flexport turned down billion-dollar-plus valuations in this round to avoid getting in over its head or ceding too much power to investors .
“ I 'm just having fun . It 's really interesting . Once you sell your business you 're just another rich guy ” Petersen laughs . “ I never want to sell the business . Unless it 's not working , I wo n't sell . ”
Three Patterson men were arrested on burglary charges in Morgan City attempting to take items worth over $ 1,200 out of a shed , Morgan City Police Chief James Blair said in a news release .
—Victor J. Billiot , 29 , of Shady Grove in Patterson , was arrested at 11:54 a.m. Monday on charges of simple burglary , criminal trespassing , theft of $ 1,000 to $ 5,000 and possession of marijuana .
—Dustin P. Fitch , 30 , of Shady Grove in Patterson , was arrested at 11:54 a.m. Monday on charges of simple burglary , criminal trespassing , theft of $ 1,000 to $ 5,000 and possession of marijuana .
—Dustin Aucoin , 26 , of Main Street in Patterson , was arrested at 11:54 a.m. Monday on charges of simple burglary , criminal trespassing , theft of $ 1,000 to $ 5,000 and possession of marijuana .
Patrol officers observed three people walking around a home in the area of Front Street acting in a suspicious manner . The officer made contact with the people , who were identified as Billiot , Fitch and Aucoin .
Police located the homeowner who stated that the three people were not authorized to be upon the property , Blair said . Officers learned that the suspects were attempting to take several items estimated to be valued over $ 1,200 out of a shed on the property , Blair said . They were also in possession of suspected marijuana . The trio was jailed .
Blair reported that officers responded to 34 calls and reported the following arrests :
—Ricky J. Hayes , 53 , of Railroad Avenue in Morgan City , was arrested at 4:56 p.m. Monday on a warrant charging him with two counts of failure to appear to pay a fine and a warrant charging him with probation violation and resisting an officer .
Hayes was located in the area of Railroad Avenue on city court warrants . When an officer located Hayes , he fled into the home , Blair said . Hayes was apprehended a short time later and taken into custody . Hayes was jailed .
—Sean A. Christmas , 38 , of Bayou Blue Bypass in Gray , was arrested at 1:49 a.m. Tuesday on charges of driving under suspension , improper lane usage and no insurance .
Patrol officers observed a vehicle being operated in the area of La . 182 in an erratic manner . A stop was initiated when Christmas was identified as the driver . Christmas had a suspended driver 's license , and the vehicle he was operating did not have proper insurance , Blair said . Christmas was jailed .
St. Mary Parish Sheriff Scott Anslum reported that deputies responded to 41 complaints and reported the following arrests :
—Kevin Pierre , 21 , of Hickory Street in Patterson , was arrested at 9:46 p.m. Monday on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia .
—Paul Fulmer Jr. , 23 , of Delmar Avenue in Bayou Vista , was arrested at 9:47 p.m. Monday on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia .
A deputy patrolling Bayou Vista stopped to speak with two people near the corner of Jupiter and Saturn roads . The deputy identified the people as Pierre and Fulmer . While speaking with them , the deputy learned that each of the subjects was in possession of a pipe used for smoking marijuana , Anslum said . Following the investigation , both Pierre and Fulmer were released on summonses to appear in court July 11 .
—Paige Mabe , 29 , of Fourth Street in Berwick , was arrested at 1:58 p.m. Monday on a warrant charging her with possession of marijuana , possession of a controlled dangerous substance in the presence of a minor and violation of a controlled dangerous substance law-drug-free zone .
In March , narcotics detectives assisted the uniformed patrol section with an investigation into a disturbance on Southeast Boulevard near the central park area . While speaking with Mabe , a detective received consent to search her belongings and located a partially burnt marijuana cigarette , Anslum said .
Mabe was with a juvenile at the time the drug was found . Following the investigation , the detective obtained a warrant for Mabe 's arrest . Narcotics detectives located Mabe at her home on the warrant . Mabe was released on a summons to appear in court July 11 .
Patterson Police Chief Janis Merritt reported the following arrest :
—Nicole M. Fisher , 46 , of Muggah Street in Patterson , was arrested at 8:41 p.m. Monday on a warrant charging her with three counts of theft of prescription medication . No bail was set yet .
Berwick Police Chief James Richard reported no arrests .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 5-2-0 2-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 N.Y . Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 4-3-0 1-5-0 5-5-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 5-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 5-1-0 3-4-0 7-4-0 1-1-0 4-1-0 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 3-4-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-3-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 2-4-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 4-1-0 6-1-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 4-0-0 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 4-2-0 3-3-0 5-3-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 3-4-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-2-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 0-7-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-3-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 3-1-0 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 4-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 3-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 4-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 1-1-0 2-3-0 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 4-3-0 0-6-0 3-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 6-0-0 4-2-0 8-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 3-3-0 2-5-0 4-6-0 1-2-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 4-2-0 5-2-0 5-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 3-3-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 5-1-0 5-2-0 8-2-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 2-4-0 5-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 4-3-0 3-3-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 2-5-0 2-4-0 1-9-0 3-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 4-2-0 5-1-0 6-3-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 4-2-0 4-3-0 6-3-0 2-2-0 4-0-0 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 4-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 3-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314 1-5-0 2-5-0 2-9-0 1-1-0 0-5-0
___
Thursday 's Games
Atlanta 20 , New Orleans 17
Sunday 's Games
Dallas 30 , N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31 , Minnesota 24
Chicago 33 , Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26 , Oakland 15
Detroit 24 , Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13 , Indianapolis 7 , OT
Green Bay 27 , Cleveland 21 , OT
San Francisco 26 , Houston 16
Denver 23 , N.Y . Jets 0
Arizona 12 , Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30 , Washington 13
Jacksonville 30 , Seattle 24
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams , 4:25 p.m .
Baltimore at Pittsburgh , 8:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
New England at Miami , 8:30 p.m .
Thursday , Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis , 8:25 p.m .
Saturday , Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit , 4:30 p.m .
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City , 8:25 p.m .
Sunday , Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants , 1 p.m .
Cincinnati at Minnesota , 1 p.m .
Houston at Jacksonville , 1 p.m .
Arizona at Washington , 1 p.m .
N.Y . Jets at New Orleans , 1 p.m .
Miami at Buffalo , 1 p.m .
Green Bay at Carolina , 1 p.m .
Baltimore at Cleveland , 1 p.m .
L.A. Rams at Seattle , 4:05 p.m .
New England at Pittsburgh , 4:25 p.m .
Tennessee at San Francisco , 4:25 p.m .
Dallas at Oakland , 8:30 p.m .
Monday , Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay , 8:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
JOHANNESBURG ( AP ) — Shubhankar Sharma won his first European Tour title by a shooting 3-under 69 Monday in the final round of the weather-delayed Joburg Open .
The 21-year-old Indian resumed his round on the eighth green after play was halted early Sunday afternoon because of storms . He parred that hole , birdied No . 9 and made par on every hole on the back nine .
Sharma finished at 23-under 264 , three strokes ahead of the pack , and qualified for next year 's British Open , too .
“ I actually was n't going to come here about a week ago … so I 'm really happy that I came , ” said Sharma , who shot 61 in the second round . “ I do n't think I 'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa . ”
Erik van Rooyen ( 66 ) was second , three strokes ahead of Shaun Norris ( 65 ) and Tapio Pulkkanen ( 68 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Email Address : Password :
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site .
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use . Security features have been integrated on this site : If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in , the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time .
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization , contact Tracy Bumba .
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party , contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password .
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
U.S. Sen. Bob Casey , right , gets an explanation of a key part of the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport 's runway from airport director Carl Beardsley Jr. Beardsley talked about the engineered material arresting system , the raised surface at the end of runways designed to stop jets from sliding off if they ca n't stop on their own . At left are Lackawanna County Commissioner Patrick O'Malley and state Sen. John Blake . BORYS KRAWCZENIUK/STAFF PHOTO
The Northeastern Pennsylvania Air Show probably reached the goal of 15,000 attendees but officials have some work to before determining if the event becomes annual again , the chief organizer said today .
Overall , though , “ we could n't ask for anything better , ” Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport Director Carl Beardsley Jr. said .
“ The weather cooperated with us , we had a wonderful performance from each of the performers and there were so many smiles in the crowd , ” Beardsley said . “ I think we 're in that neighborhood ( of 15,000 ) without a doubt . ”
Beardsley said the crowd Sunday far exceeded Saturday , but stopped short of confirming the air show will return next year . The airport hosted air shows annually from 1983 to 2000 .
“ We 'll let the dust settle today and we 'll be talking about that in a couple of months , ” he said .
Two main complaints : long lines for portable restrooms and lengthy traffic delays to get into the air show . Airport-bound traffic heading south on Interstate 81 backed up as far as the Moosic interchange — one before the airport exit — and left drivers stuck for an hour or longer .
Beardsley acknowledged the need for improvement .
“ It 's the more complicated things like parking and traffic that we 're really going to be studying , ” he said . “ We have to look at exactly how people came in , how people got to the parking area they wanted to go to . ”
He declined to blame the lagging traffic from the north on the controversial airport roundabouts , saying they seemed to keep traffic moving .
“ When you have a large-scale event like this , you always see maybe it 's traffic , maybe it 's parking as ways that you want to improve , ” he said . “ And of course we 're also looking to get bigger when it comes to performers . If we can bring in some of the top names to go along with the schedule of events we had this weekend , we 'll be in great shape . ”
He said this experience will smooth future air shows if they happen .
“ That comes with experience , ” Beardsley said . “ We have n't done this for 17 years . ”
Lackawanna County Commissioner Patrick O'Malley , an airport board member , said the board will discuss the fate of future air shows , but made it clear he would like to see it continue .
“ I love the air show . We 'll see what the numbers say , ” O'Malley said . “ If you saw the faces , ... it was a huge success . ”
Beardsley and O'Malley spoke to reporters about the air show during a tour of the airport with U.S. Sen. Bob Casey , who aimed to highlight the need for spending on the nation 's infrastructure — roads , bridges , airports and broadband internet . Casey called on President Donald Trump to flesh out his $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan with more details soon .
“ The people I represent are demanding investment in basic infrastructure , ” he said .
Contact the writer : bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9147 ; @ BorysBlogTT on Twitter
FILE PHOTO : A Caterpillar excavator is displayed at the China Coal and Mining Expo 2013 in Beijing , China October 22 , 2013 .
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Trade tensions between Washington and Beijing may be running high but Corporate America is finding China to be a reliable source of profit growth this year .
Whether they sell construction equipment , semiconductors or coffee , many major U.S. companies have reported stronger second-quarter earnings and revenue from their Chinese operations in recent weeks .
They are benefiting from a Chinese economy that is growing at almost 7 percent , several times the rate of U.S. expansion , a Chinese housing boom , and a slide in the U.S. dollar , which makes American exports more competitive and increases dollar earnings once they are translated from foreign currencies .
Chinese President Xi Jinping 's ambitious plan to build a new Silk Road that will improve links between China and dozens of countries in Asia and Europe , and includes many billions of dollars of new roads , bridges , railways and power plants – is also helping American firms to sell heavy equipment and other products .
Caterpillar Inc , a bellwether for industrial demand in China and beyond , reported its sales in Asia-Pacific rose 25 percent in the second quarter - thanks to China . Shipments of large excavators to Chinese customers more than doubled in the first half of the year .
`` We now expect demand in China to remain strong through the rest of the year , '' Brad Halverson , Caterpillar 's group president and chief financial officer , told investors .
Caterpillar 's Japanese rivals Komatsu and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co reported similar strength in demand for heavy machinery . Komatsu 's China sales almost doubled in the firm 's April-June quarter .
“ China 's grown pretty well relative to the U.S. over this period and the currency 's relationship has changed in favor of the U.S. companies , ” said Jim Paulsen , chief investment strategist at the Leuthold Group in Minneapolis .
DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS
Chinese companies are also benefiting from the robust domestic economy . For example , Chinese auto manufacturer Geely Automobile Holdings announcing last week that its July sales climbed 89 percent from the year-earlier-month . Geely and many other major Chinese companies report their results in the next few weeks .
American companies in China have been collectively reporting better prospects even as they complain that the Chinese authorities are not allowing them enough access to parts of the Chinese market and discriminating against them as they seek to compete against Chinese rivals .
U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration has been considering punitive tariffs against a range of Chinese goods but it has held off on taking action after Beijing backed tougher United Nations Security Council sanctions against North Korea earlier this month .
However , senior U.S. officials said over the weekend that Trump on Monday will order his top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property . The move could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods .
And despite some negatives in the Sino-U.S. relationship , a July report by the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai showed that 82 percent of U.S. companies in China expect revenues to increase this year , up from 76 percent a year ago .
“ In general China is still a growth market for lots of US goods and services ... the Chinese consumer is driving more and more the growth in China itself - that 's a very positive shift in compositional growth for a lot of U.S. companies that do provide goods and services for consumers , as opposed to building skyscrapers , ” said Joe Quinlan , head of thematic investing at Bank of America , U.S. Trust .
In the chip industry , Skywork Solutions , which according to Goldman Sachs gets about 85 percent of its sales from China , reported its fiscal third-quarter revenue rose 20 percent , thanks in part to demand from Chinese phone maker Huawei . And Qualcomm , which gets around two thirds of its revenue from China , said last month that China remained a strong growth story for the company .
And many other foreign companies are also doing well . The European liquor industry is benefiting from a resurgence in Chinese consumer demand .
Remy Cointreau , which battled a steep slowdown in China after Xi launched an anti-corruption drive in 2012 – hitting a lot of lavish wings and dining by businesses - said it saw a `` clear improvement in consumption trends '' this year .
`` We see the fast-growing upper middle class driving strong consumption growth for our upmarket cognac brands , '' the company 's Chief Financial Officer Luca Marotta said last month .
Closer to home , Kweichow Moutai , the Chinese maker of the liquor baijiu and the world 's largest alcohol firm by value , saw first half profits gain 27.8 percent .
Chinese stock market gains this year have in turn helped confidence among retail investors .
`` I feel the wider economy is improving , '' said Ding Mingwei , 26 , a manager at an education technology company in Shanghai . Ding , who says his own investments are up this year , now plans to spend more on hotels , dining out and funding hobbies such as playing the guitar .
For some companies , China growth helped to offset problems elsewhere . Starbucks U.S. growth cooled in the third quarter but same-store sales for the coffee chain in China surged 7 percent .
Among the Japanese companies to benefit , Sony 's sales in China were up just under 50 percent in the three months to June , making it the electronic group 's fastest-growing geographic segment .
COMPETITION INTENSIFIES
There are some sectors that are proving a tougher slog for foreign companies .
Major international automakers , even those reporting increased revenues , have pointed to squeezed margins in one of the world 's most competitive markets . U.S. automaker General Motors , for example , saw a strong April-June quarter , but said it faced `` pricing challenges '' .
And some economists warn that it is unclear how long the Chinese economy and the markets can keep their buzz .
`` The strong rebound is largely being driven by the property market and export growth , which both seem unsustainable , '' said Nomura Chief China Economist Yang Zhao in Hong Kong .
He said he expects China 's economic growth to cool by the fourth quarter .
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Eighteen people were injured on Friday when a minivan caught fire and mounted the pavement in a busy part of central Shanghai and ploughed into pedestrians , said police .
Investigations showed the fire was caused by a 40-year-old driver who was smoking a cigarette inside the vehicle while illegally transporting highly flammable substances , the Shanghai public security bureau said on its official Weibo feed .
Police released surveillance images showing the minivan veering sharply across the wrong side of traffic towards a large crowd of pedestrians waiting at a crossing , flames billowing in the back of the vehicle .
Another image appeared to show the driver smoking a cigarette inside his vehicle before the accident .
The drive , who was receiving treatment in hospital , is suspected of running an illegal business transporting liquefied petroleum gas canisters , police said , adding that he is suspected of culpable driving causing serious damage or injury .
Police said several gas canisters were retrieved from the burnt out vehicle , along with large plastic containers that had contained petrol .
The Shanghai government said in a short statement that the vehicle hit the pedestrians on a road running next to People 's Square , injuring 18 , three of them seriously . The car came to a stop in front of a Starbucks outlet .
Two of those seriously injured had their conditions subsequently downgraded , police said .
FRANKFURT , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Deutsche Bank expects its costs to decline by only 4 percent to 23 billion euros ( $ 28.8 billion ) this year , shy of a previous target for 22 billion euros , mainly due to delays in planned divestitures .
“ Nine hundred million euros of costs are attached to businesses that we had earmarked for sale or divestiture ” , Chief Executive John Cryan told analysts on Friday .
“ Those businesses are not core to us and remain not core . There 's a reason why whatever action we were going to take is delayed , but we do expect the causes of those delays to go away , ” he added .
Deutsche Bank earlier on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017 , taking a hit from challenging markets , a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform , after a difficult fourth quarter .
Cryan added that no large divestitures were planned beyond the flagged merger of its retail business with Postbank and the flotation of its asset manager DWS .
“ It 's a lot of tidying up , which we intend to do ” , he said .
In 2017 , Deutsche Bank among other sold its Polish retail business , while plans to pull out of Spain , Portugal and Belgium did not get off the ground . ( $ 1 = 0.7999 euros ) ( Reporting by Arno Schuetze ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
Source : Marange resource curse : When home feels like a rustic prison – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6 , 2017
SPARED forced relocation , thousands of people staying in and around Marange diamond fields are no better than those resettled at Arda Transau . The area now feels more like an open prison than home , so they say .
Villagers interviewed by ZimFerrets — Zimbabwe 's new online investigative journalism centre — during a recent visit to the area say they have not only been robbed of their diamonds , but also of their freedom . Hence , they are now worse off than they were before diamonds were discovered in the area .
Isolated from the outside world , the villagers can not get in or out of their area freely ; they are always subjected to repeated and oppressive checks by soldiers , police and private security guards that have taken over control of access to their home area . They are now living in a security zone ; an open prison in fact .
The caged villagers can not freely receive visitors . Neither can they venture out a few kilometres from their own homes without the risk of interrogation and sometimes beatings . Overzealous security forces sometimes even fire at them .
When the government decided to relocate some families from Marange to Arda Transau , a derelict farm 60km away from their ancestral homes , many others were allowed to stay behind pending relocation at some later stages . That did not happen , but they are in no better situation though .
When local traditional and community leader Headman Chiadzwa speaks about the discovery of diamonds in the area and subsequent developments his voice cracks and trembles with frustration and suppressed anger
Fear and fury are written all over his face as he narrates excruciating experiences and the plight of an expectant community left hanging dry ; nursing both emotional and physical scars following the discovery of what was touted as one of the world 's biggest deposits of alluvial diamonds .
That is the irony of Marange . Widespread poverty pervaded the area before the discovery of the diamonds .
It still does .
More than a decade after mining commenced , the Chiadzwa community still struggles for access to safe water , endures a dilapidated road network , unemployment and poor health and education facilities .
“ Before the discovery of diamonds many people in my area survived on hunting and fishing . Even children would go to school with bows and arrows , not to attack each other but to hunt after school , ” said Chiadzwa .
“ That was the culture ; we were satisfied with it , never mind that we had very little to live by . Others weaved mats from baobab tree fibrous barks to sell to people along the road or to those going back and forth to South Africa , ” Chiadzwa said .
Then the diamond discovery came and things ironically turned from bad to worst .
“ The situation changed for the worst after the discovery of diamonds . It is like a curse , ” said Chiadzwa .
In Africa , many countries , especially those which have huge diamond reserves like the Democratic Republic of Congo , Angola and Sierra Leone , have been afflicted for decades by conflict and the resource curse — the paradox of plenty .
Countries with an abundance of natural resources like oil and precious minerals , especially diamonds , tend to have less conflict , economic growth , less democracy , and poor development outcomes than those with fewer natural resources .
Zimbabwe is a case in point . The country has an abundance of minerals , but its people are languishing in poverty .
Besides violence and human rights abuses at the height of diamond mining , poverty was also rampant in Marange .
Global Witness , an international diamond watchdog , has uncovered new evidence linking Zimbabwe 's political and security elites to a decade of disappearing diamond wealth .
“ In 2006 one of the largest diamond finds in recent history was made in eastern Zimbabwe 's rural Marange . A find of this scale could have gone a long way towards alleviating the country 's serious economic woes .
“ Instead , Zimbabwe 's precious stones were left to the mercy of the country 's highly partisan security services and political elites , to the ultimate detriment of Zimbabwe 's development and democracy .
“ Despite offering early promise and hope , diamonds have failed to benefit the Zimbabwean people .
“ Instead , they have provided secret off-budget funding for state security forces consistently implicated in their oppression .
As elections and a divisive presidential succession struggle loom , this has serious implications for Zimbabwe 's democratic future , and casts serious doubt on Mugabe 's claim that private investors are solely to blame for billions of dollars of missing diamond revenues . Deep cavernous holes in the diamond-rich ground are matched only by holes in government budgets and company accounts . ”
According to Brilliant Earth , an organisation which seeks to cultivate a more ethical , transparent , and sustainable jewellery industry , diamond mining communities in Africa , including Zimbabwe , are impoverished because the one million diamond miners earn less than a dollar a day — a wage that is below the extreme poverty level .
Mugabe has said US $ 15 billion worth of diamonds was looted from Marange where soldiers supposedly guarded fields mined by the Chinese , Russians , Lebanese and South African firms in partnership with state-owned entities .
The newly-formed state-owned firm , the Zimbabwe Consolidated Diamond Company ( ZCDC ) took over mining activities , ostensibly to clean up the sector and ensure transparency and accountability but nothing has changed . If anything , the situation is now worse — Chiadzwa villagers are no longer even getting the crumbs they used to .
For locals , ZCDC 's entry into the fray has meant little more than perpetuation of their misery .
Chiadzwa , the traditional authority in the area , and fellow villagers know better . They have seen it all – from the time when diamonds were discovered by villagers in 2006 to the invasion by artisanal miners and then government control , it has been a case of lurching from one disaster to another .
Part of the robbery of the villagers happened because of ignorance and desperation . Since they do not know much about diamonds at the beginning , villagers would exchange a cup full of diamonds for a loaf of bread and a packet of sugar . This dramatises the pillage .
That changed when thousands of artisanal miners heard of the discovery and flocked to the area . They were later forced out through a brutal military operation in 2008 to make way for formalised mining , which was also used to rip them off .
“ It is unfortunate that up to this day we are still pleading with authorities to develop this area . At some point , Mbada Diamonds gave people some food after every three months and built houses for traditional leaders around . But we can not say that was meaning development , ” Chiadzwa said .
“ We expected that our roads , schools and clinics — our infrastructure — would be upgraded and developed , but nothing has changed
Nyemudzai Mwaudzeni , who has lived in the area for decades , said infrastructure and social services in the area have not improved despite billions generated from there .
“ We have water problems and our vegetable gardens have dried up . Some people used to survive on fishing , but that is all gone . Diamond mining just brought misery for us , nothing else , ” Mwaudzeni said .
Marange Development Trust ( MDT ) , a local non-governmental organisation formed to fight for the community , said the water crisis has reached a crisis point .
A community share-ownership scheme once mooted by the government turned out to be a mirage ; an unrealistic hope .
“ Almost all the villagers are struggling to get access to clean water or just enough to survive . Those close to Tonhorai Diamond Base pay US $ 1 to access clean water , but the majority do not have that money and they continuously consume polluted water , ” Malvern Mudiwa , the MDT chairperson , said .
“ The few boreholes that were here have broken down . The community can not raise enough funds to rehabilitate the boreholes . We need about US $ 2 500 to drill a new 40-metre deep borehole and US $ 50 to drill a five-metre deep one , but people do not have that money . Diamonds were pillaged to sponsor lavish lifestyles of political and business elites ; the community was just left with nothing except physical and emotional scars , ” he said .
Villagers died in the battle for the Marange diamonds , while others were left with severe injuries from beatings by security forces at the height of the fight for control of the diamond fields .
Most human rights abuses in Marange were perpetrated by the military in 2008 during Operation Hakudzokwi to rid the area of illegal artisanal miners . It left hundreds dead or maimed .
Human Rights Watch , in one of its reports , described cases of horrendous beatings , harassment and arbitrary arrests that left over 1 600 people thrown in a local prison over a few days .
Such human right abuses continue to this day . — www.zimferrets.org
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley , Minnesota , to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10 , 2017 . The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture . ( Photo by Sgt . Sebastian Nemec , Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.10.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID : 3165517 VIRIN : 170210-Z-OX391-029 Resolution : 4800x3200 Size : 2.97 MB Location : MN , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [ Image 1 of 18 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The blog-osphere has n't spoken this much about That 's So Raven since the early aughts ! It seems that actor Orlando Brown has a sex tape out that shows him in a rather explicit situation with a girlfriend of sorts , but the latest rumors suggest that the That 's So Raven star released the tape to drum up some much-needed publicity for himself ! Why did I have to be nosey and see why Orlando Brown was trending pic.twitter.com/vUcxYI5jGy — Kelvin Hampton Jr. ( @ imkelvinjr ) January 2 , 2017 According to BET , the Orlando Brown sex tape was “ leaked ” by none other than the actor himself . While many fans have been speculating about the actor 's well-being since he began making the rounds of the gossip columns on account of his alleged relationship with Raven Symone , they became equally concerned — and amused — when the dirty video started making the rounds on Instagram . Me when I saw Orlando Brown was trending vs when I found out what he was trending for pic.twitter.com/wWgOMDctON — ? ? ? ? Alex $ us ? ? ? ? ( @ RedLipSnake ) January 2 , 2017 Naturally , the video was reported and deleted shortly after it went up , but since nothing ever dies on the Internet , it was n't long before fans copied and distributed the tape on their own sites , thus causing the blog-osphere to sit up and take notice . “ ORLANDO BROWN IS MY SPIRIT ANIMAL ” @ THESLUMPGOD pic.twitter.com/VUHpdxv1Am — TAKEASTEPBACK ( @ HeroinWifey ) December 23 , 2016 The Orlando Brown sex tape is just the latest bit of news that has given fans cause to pause about the young actor 's true state of mind . According to TMZ , earlier last year , he was arrested for domestic violence . The outlet reports that this incident occurred in a police station parking lot , and when the actor was arrested , he was found to have meth on him ! Furthermore , though his girlfriend was not seriously harmed by the beating , Brown was charged with two felonies because of the presence of meth . He was charged with drug possession with intent to sell , and having contraband while in jail . Finally , and perhaps worst of all , this domestic violence arrest was n't the first time Brown was charged with domestic violence . In 2014 , he struck a plea deal for threatening a woman with harm , and paid a substantial fine . Sounds like someone has some serious issues with violence against women ! How tf does Orlando Brown have a “ wifey ” ? pic.twitter.com/oUQC2umBX3 — Santiago ( @ _ForeverZealous ) December 23 , 2016 Naturally , when the Orlando Brown sex tape got released , Twitter immediately exploded with reactions to the rather explicit content , causing the actor to become a worldwide trending topic . Me after seeing why Orlando Brown was trending at 4.a.m ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/MVZOUL56PU — Izzy Hernandez ( @ MyDearJournal ) January 2 , 2017 Hip-Hop Wired compiled some of the best reactions they found on social media in response to the sex tape , and the results , needless to say , were absolutely hysterical . “ Orlando Brown is currently the epitome of struggle . A sex tape , if you want to call it that , of the struggle actor who ca n't seem to stop talking about Raven Symone hit the Internets , and the reaction is what you would expect . That is , slander , disgust and plenty of loathing aimed at the That 's So Raven actor . Did we mention that he “ leaked ” this sex tape himself ? Twitter previously debated exactly which drugs Brown is on . Is ‘ All of them ' a proper answer ? ” But it seems as though Orlando Brown is trying to promote his rising rap career with his latest scandals . That moment you realize Orlando Brown is a savage pic.twitter.com/1uy8GnaOLz — Iamsymphony® ( @ Iamsymphony ) December 20 , 2016 What do you think of the Orlando Brown sex tape ? Do you think it was done to promote a rap career , or to resurrect his acting career ? Leave your thoughts about the Orlando Brown sex tape in the comments below . [ Featured Image by Paul Hawthorne/Getty Images ]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Indians ace Kluber faces Yanks , Sabathia in Game 2 The pitching matchup for Game 2 of the American League Division series between the New York Yankees and Cleveland on Friday will feature two of the last three Indians pitchers to win the Cy Young Award : CC Sabathia ( 2007 ) and Corey Kluber ( 2014 ) .
Selfless Keuchel aims to give Astros 2-0 lead vs. Red Sox Astros left-hander Dallas Keuchel is fiercely prideful , and after turning his modest prospect status into the 2015 American League Cy Young Award , relishes his role as staff ace .
Olney : Harper 's timing , Kershaw vs. Martinez keys to NLDS Will Bryce Harper be able to regain his swing ? Can Clayton Kershaw neutralize J.D . Martinez ? Here 's what to watch as the NL Division Series begin .
Vote : How will the NLDS between the Cubs and Nationals play out ? Will Chicago or Washington win the National League Division Series ? How many games will it take ? And which player will be the most pivotal for each team in the series ?
Vote : How will the NLDS between the Dodgers and Diamondbacks play out ? Will Los Angeles or Arizona win the National League Division Series ? How many games will it take ? And which player will be the most pivotal for each team in the series ?
Comedy queen Kristen Wiig has added to her growing portfolio of noteworthy residential properties with the $ 2.96 million purchase , as was sniffed out by real estate yenta Yolanda Yakkeyyak , of a carefully restored and thoroughly updated mid-century modern residence tucked up into the quietly tony foothills above the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California .
Designed by father and son architects Kemper Nomland and Kemper Nomland Jr. and built in 1947 as part of Arts and Architecture Magazine 's influential Case Study program and extensively renovated by the sellers , the multi-level residence has three bedrooms and 2.5 renovated bathrooms in 3,425-square-feet plus a substantial detached poolside guesthouse with bathroom . A freestanding masonry fireplace divides the otherwise combined living and dining rooms that feature a long wall of glass that fill the space with light and promote indoor outdoor living while the sleekly appointed kitchen is open over a breakfast counter to a family room with built-in cabinetry and glass sliders to the yard . The residence sits on a grassy , gently sloped a lot of just over one-third of an acre with expansive , multi-level concrete patios , terraced gardens and a brand-new swimming pool and spa .
More Dirt John Wells Sells Hancock Park Mansion to Brian Robbins ( EXCLUSIVE )
As the bi-coastal writer/actress 's professional star has skyrocketed over the last few years , she 's beefed up her growing collection of homes on both the East and West coasts . In Los Angeles , where earlier this year she sold a city-view hillside contemporary in the Los Feliz area for $ 2 million , she continues to own a mid-century residence positioned almost preposterously high on a steep slope with a commanding view over the Silver Lake Reservoir that she bought in 2014 for $ 1.7 million . Wiig 's East Coast holdings include a two-bedroom and one-bathroom loft-style apartment in New York City 's Soho neighborhood that she picked up in 2009 for $ 1.5 million and set out as a rental earlier this year at $ 9,000 per month along with a secluded residence on almost 4.5 acres near the town of Chilmark on Martha 's Vineyard that she bought in late 2015 for $ 2.46 million .
Listing photos : Deasy Penner & Partners
It was a long , humiliating ride home in a London police cruiser for Second World War veteran Bob Hanson .
For 70 of the old sailor 's 90 years , he 's been heading off to local Royal Canadian Legion branches to meet up with his buddies , swap war stories , listen to music and dance .
But last November , Hanson was banned for 180 days — a long time when you 're 90 — from the Legion 's Victory branch 317 in London for breaking its rules .
His infraction ?
Handing out business card-sized flyers of a country music band schedule he 'd set up at another London club .
The events were scheduled at the same time the Legion had its own music nights . Apparently , that was serious enough to ban a man who faced down the enemy in the North Atlantic and helped secure the freedoms Canadians have today .
Then it got worse . After he was banned for band promotion , and lost an appeal , Hanson headed down to the Legion on a Saturday night , the usual country music night , wanting to talk to one of the Legion 's executive .
Instead , the bar steward said he was trespassing and called the police . Everyone saw it . Even the police officer , Hanson said , “ was disgusted . ”
“ I was exercising my rights . I did n't think I was doing anything wrong , ” he said in an interview .
“ I 'm not looking for sympathy . They just ruined my reputation . ”
And so , the nonagenarian , recently-widowed veteran of the Royal Canadian Navy was unceremoniously escorted home in a cop car to his senior 's apartment .
“ The situation as to why he was banned had to do with clubhouse rules and conduct , ” said Brian Harris , the executive member who handled the discipline . “ And being a military man , I would have thought Bob would understand that . ”
But there 's more to the tale than just rule-breaking .
It 's about a fading older generation , entrenched in tradition and community work , at odds with new-fangled ideas .
And you have to know a little bit more about Hanson . Some would call him spunky ; others , feisty . Everyone would say he holds strong opinions .
There are things about the way the Legion is run that he does n't like . In protest , he stopped paying a membership .
Probably the only thing close to criminal he 's ever done is to lie about his age to sign up with the navy at 17 to serve in the war . He was a gunner on the destroyer HMCS Restigouche ( nicknamed Rusty Guts ) out of Halifax and made several treacherous trips in the North Sea .
In 1946 , he and a buddy went to the Palais Royale in Toronto for “ dime-a-dance ” night where he met his wife , Lorraine . He can tell you what she wore . Their first dance was to the song Near You .
“ She was a fabulous dancer , ” he said .
Hanson was no slouch either , picking up prizes over the years at jitterbug competitions . He was also a reigning limbo champ .
He worked for Bell Telephone and took university courses to become a communications engineer in Toronto . After he retired , he and Lorraine moved to London in 1999 to be closer to some family . They moved to a seniors ' apartment a year ago .
Lorraine died last May after an illness . Hanson 's eyes well up just mentioning her name .
Music always played in the background of their lives . He and Lorraine went out dancing practically every week . Their favourite was old country music , not the modern-day rock-and-roll stuff , but “ the kind you can dance to. ” Even Elvis is a little too racy for Hanson .
On Saturday nights , they 'd go to the Victory branch for the weekly country dance . They got to know the bands and would follow them to other venues like Purple Hill , east of the city .
Hanson got in trouble with the executive some time ago when he put up Purple Hill 's schedule on the Legion 's bulletin board . He said he agreed he did wrong and took it down .
But , when word came last summer that the country music night format was being changed to tribute bands and modern music , Hanson decided he 'd help the bands he and his friends loved to find a new place to play . And he insists he was transparent with the Legion bar steward about what he was up to .
“ The gang that loved the old classic country were getting disappointed and they would n't come out , ” he said .
Hanson secured a spot at the Marconi Club in London . He drew up some small flyers to hand out to his friends . He told them to put them in their pockets and not to leave them out at the Legion .
The bar steward , Hanson said , found a couple left on the tables . Hanson was reported to the executive , then told not to come back for six months .
So , Hanson wrote a letter to the Legion 's Ontario Command and to the newspaper .
The legion 's executive insists this is n't Hanson 's first trip to the brig , and that he 's run afoul of other veterans ' organizations ( something Hanson denies ) . The branch president , Nellie Stevens , said Hanson has been “ creating a problem ” and they have “ quite a file on him . ”
Harris said Hanson has been given “ several warnings and interviews and letters and what-not ” over the years .
This time , Harris asked for an apology . Hanson refused .
They 've told Hanson if he needs help with pensions and benefits , “ we 'll be there in a second . ”
But the house rules are posted and must be followed , Harris said . Promoting other events that run at the same time as Legion affairs cuts into their business and their mission to help seniors and youth .
“ He broke the rules , ” Harris said . “ It 's the same whether you 're 90 or a 24-year-old veteran . There are certain things you ca n't do . ”
The night the police were called , Harris said , Hanson showed up and created “ a ruckus ”
“ He may be 90 , but he 's got a lot of fight in him , ” Harris said .
Hanson and his friends got “ boisterous , ” so the police were called .
Hanson likes to “ stir the pot ” , Harris said . “ Everybody at his table is just like Bob and they get fired up . ”
But Harris said he 's willing to extend an olive branch . “ I 'm not retreating , I 'm going to have a talk with Bob and see what we can do , see if we can put all the bygones in the past . ”
Hanson is n't buying it . “ I do n't understand what he 's trying to do , ” he said .
His flyers for the bands were small and discreet and “ people wanted to know where to see them . People go where they want to go . ”
The old vet wants an apology “ and my dignity back . ”
Most of all , he wants to hang out with his pals .
“ I miss those guys , ” he said .
jsims @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JaneatLFPress
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Nestle will respond in the coming days to a research report into its baby formula that accused the world 's largest packaged food company of putting profit before science .
The report by the Changing Markets Foundation said Nestle has many inconsistencies across its world-leading range of formula products and casts doubt on the credibility of some of its health claims .
“ The report raises important points , which we want to assess in detail , ” a Nestle spokesman said . “ We will respond to the concerns and recommendations of the report in the coming days . ”
Nestle 's baby formula marketing practices first came under fire in the 1970s over accusations it was discouraging mothers , especially in developing countries , from breast-feeding , which is cheaper and healthier than using formula .
One group launched a Nestle boycott that lasted seven years until 1984 .
The report , released on Thursday , said it looked at the infant milk products Nestle sells for babies under 12 months old in 40 different countries , comparing the marketing claims and ingredients in more than 70 products .
It comes against the backdrop of an unrelated baby milk health scare involving France 's Lactalis .
The report said that sometimes Nestle 's products contradict its own health advice . For example , it said some Nestle formulas sold in Hong Kong are marketed as healthier for not having any added vanilla flavouring , while vanillin compounds were found in several other products in Hong Kong , mainland China and South Africa .
It also calls out Nestle for using health claims , such as for probiotics and prebiotics , around the world that were prohibited by European health regulators for lacking sufficient scientific evidence . It said several products claim to be “ the closest to breastmilk ” yet each have different ingredients .
“ The report concludes that Nestle is not driven by nutritional science but instead by a sharp and prioritised focus on profit and growth at the expense of infants and their parents , ” the report said .
It called on Nestle to conduct an independent review of its global product range , which includes brands such as S-26 Gold , Nan , Illuma , Nido and Gerber .
Nestle said it provides “ products that are safe and as nutritionally complete as possible , and ensure the composition is informed by the best available science ” .
The company , which also makes KitKat bars and Nespresso coffee , is trying to remake itself as a “ nutrition , health and wellness ” company .
The Changing Markets Foundation is a Dutch group that says it promotes campaigns to address sustainability challenges by trying to shift business away from companies with unsustainable products .
Consumer Reports reversed course Wednesday and endorsed the new Tesla Model 3 after previously declining to recommend the electric car , saying that the company had quickly improved the vehicle 's brakes .
The consumer advice publication 's turnabout comes after a spat with Tesla CEO Elon Musk , who called the initial review `` very strange '' and said reviewers had tested `` an early production car . ''
Musk 's criticism came as he also bashed the news media in general in recent days over what he believes is unfair coverage .
Consumer Reports said Tesla issued an over-the-air software update to improve the Model 3 's brakes . The reviewers had originally reported a stopping distance that `` was far worse than any contemporary car we 've tested '' and even longer than a full-size pickup .
That fueled what they called `` big flaws , '' including difficult vehicle controls and excessive wind noise .
Jake Fisher , director of auto testing at Consumer Reports , told USA TODAY that he spoke with Musk for an hour last week after the initial review was posted .
Musk , he said , was `` very interested to understand what was going on in our testing . ''
More : Consumer Reports pledges to re-test Tesla Model 3 if brakes are fixed
More : Consumer Reports reverses course , recommends Tesla Model 3 after Elon Musk improves brakes
More : Tesla CEO Elon Musk blasts media , pitches site to rate journalists : 'No one believes you '
But Fisher said Musk 's public criticism of last week 's review did not affect the publication 's shift and `` there was no pressuring at all . ''
`` There are still other flaws with the vehicle , '' Fisher said in an interview . `` Those have not necessarily been addressed . It 's not the top in its category but it 's certainly a vehicle that scores high enough to recommend . ''
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ ConsumerReports . Road noise & ride comfort already addressed too . UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month . https : //t.co/ZMLPJxmPlM — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 30 , 2018
The ability to improve vehicles with wireless updates is largely exclusive to Tesla . Fisher said he was impressed at the company 's ability to quickly adjust .
After the upgrade , `` the braking distances were much shorter and they were consistent , '' he said .
Musk said on Twitter that the update would apply to all Model 3 vehicles .
`` Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ ConsumerReports , '' he said .
He also said the company is addressing the road noise and ride comfort issues , as well as infotainment usability .
Elon Musk , Tesla CEO , discusses new technologies before an event for Tesla owners and the media held at the Hawthorne Airport . In the background is a Tesla model P85D .
ROBERT HANASHIRO/USA TODAY
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @ NathanBomey .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Republican Party of Armenia will secure a majority in the Yerevan City Council following municipal elections on May 14 , spokesman Eduard Sharmazanov said , according to RFE/RL Armenian Service .
“ The city council , which I think will be led by mayor Taron Margaryan , naturally , should be able to solve all the problems facing the residents of Yerevan , ” Sharmazanov , who is also the RPA campaign manager in Yerevan elections , said .
“ I am not yet familiar with the programs of other political forces running for city council seats , but they might offer healthy proposals . ”
Three parties participate in elections . RPA 's proportional list is headed by current mayor Taron Margaryan ; opposition lawmaker Nikol Pashinyan , who was recently re-elected to the National Assembly , tops the list of YELQ bloc ; while MP Zaruhi Postanjyan , who announced the Yerkir Tsirani party several weeks ago , will head its list .
At the same time , Sharmazanov , expressed scepticism over the other parties ' involvement in elections .
“ Participating in elections is a party that no one in Armenia , except for Mrs Postanjyan , knows anything about . While YELQ is a new political force , which must use the upcoming vote to legitimize its opposition status , ” he added .
An Indian shopkeeper displays the world 's slimmest watch inside his shop in New Delhi in this picture taken on September 30 , 2004 .
PANAJI , India ( Reuters ) - Titan Co , India 's biggest listed jeweller , expects its jewellery sales to rise by 20-30 percent in 2017/18 fiscal year ending March , as it plans to add more than two dozen retail stores to boost its presence in small towns , a senior company official said .
`` We are planning to add 25 to 30 stores on franchise basis this year on top of existing around 250 stores , '' Sandeep Kulhalli , senior vice president , retail and marketing at Titan , told Reuters .
Titan shares rose as much as 4.6 percent to a record high of 636.65 rupees on Monday . They have risen 86 percent this year up to Friday 's close .
The company 's total income in June quarter surged 43 percent to 40.50 billion rupees ( $ 632.6 million ) from a year ago due to higher jewellery sales during annual Hindu and Jain holy festival of Akshaya Tritiya .
The government 's efforts to bring transparency in bullion trading by making large cash transactions illegal and mandating tax code for such deals is also helping the company , he said .
`` Earlier people were buying from small jewellers as they were not asking for PAN card or accepting cash . With the government restrictions , they do n't see any benefit in buying from small jewellers , '' Kulhalli said .
( $ 1 = 64.0250 Indian rupees )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - AT & T Inc ( T.N ) sought to persuade a judge on Monday to throw out evidence the government seeks to use in a trial that begins this week to show that the company 's $ 85 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc ( TWX.N ) would harm consumers and competitors .
An AT & T logo and communication equipment is shown on a building in downtown Los Angeles , California , U.S. on October 29 , 2014 . REUTERS/Mike Blake/Files
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit in November to stop the U.S. No . 2 wireless carrier , which owns DirecTV and other services with 25 million subscribers , from buying movie and TV show maker Time Warner , which owns HBO and CNN . Opening arguments in the trial , which could shape the future of U.S. media ownership , are set for Wednesday before Judge Richard Leon in Washington .
On Monday , Daniel Petrocelli , the lawyer for AT & T , argued that many exhibits that the government planned to bring should be rejected either because they were irrelevant or because the person writing them was not a decision-maker .
Petrocelli objected , for example , to a document from DirecTV that was written before it was acquired by AT & T that warned of the dangers of higher prices because of a previous media merger . The Justice Department 's Eric Welsh defended the decision to present it . “ They are also a market participant , ” he said .
Welsh also indicated that an official from Google 's YouTube could testify on the importance of the Turner channel to DirecTV 's rivals , which would help show AT & T 's future ability to raise prices .
AT & T rejected settlement offers from the Justice Department , including government proposals to shed either its DirecTV division or Time Warner 's Turner Broadcasting assets , which include CNN .
A screen shows the current price of Time Warner shares , above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , shortly after the opening bell in New York , U.S. on November 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files
The government has argued that the deal could allow a more powerful AT & T to raise prices for pay TV rivals and subscribers while hampering the development of online video . They estimate it will hike a subscriber 's monthly cable bill by 45 cents .
AT & T denies that prices would rise and plans to argue the deal is necessary for it to compete with media companies like Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) , Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL.O ) , Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) and Netflix Inc ( NFLX.O ) , according to court documents filed before the trial .
AT & T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson , Time Warner Chief Executive Jeff Bewkes and programming executives from rival companies are expected to testify during the trial that the judge has estimated would last six to eight weeks .
Looming over the trial is the question of whether U.S. President Donald Trump , who criticized the deal on the campaign trail and again as president , may have influenced the Justice Department 's decision to oppose the transaction .
AT & T lawyers have said the Time Warner deal may have been singled out for enforcement , citing Trump 's statements that the deal was bad for consumers and the country .
Leon last month rejected a bid by AT & T to force the government to disclose any White House communications that AT & T lawyers believe may have shed light on the matter . AT & T did not raise any arguments relating to Trump in its final pretrial brief filed earlier this month .
The outcome of the AT & T/Time Warner case could affect other pending “ vertical ” mergers , in which different parts of a supply chain , rather than rivals in the same business , join together . Health insurer Cigna Corp ( CI.N ) wants to buy pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts Holding Co ( ESRX.O ) and CVS Health Corp ( CVS.N ) wants to acquire health insurer Aetna Inc ( AET.N ) .
3 Tips For Starting a Wedding Blog
A wedding blog can be one of the best points of entry for the industry . Not only do you get a wide range of people to work with , but an amazing mix of topics to cover as well . And if this has been something of interest to you , then there are a few considerations you should take before breaking ground . Check them out below :
Start With Brand Development
If you 're going to be launching a wedding blog , then one of the first things you need to focus on is your brand . A big part of this industry is the image you convey , as well as what that means to customers . For example , if I was a wedding blog with more of a rustic feel versus that of being in a city . And while you might be thinking that whatever you come up with will suffice , there 's a lot of detail when it comes to conceiving a brand that will resonate off the bat .
To begin , start asking yourself what you feel like your brand stands for , as well as why it exists amongst the wedding blog field . This can be a tough ask ( especially as a blog ) , however , is a necessity to be successful from the start . Additionally , this also includes boiling down your skillset or aesthetic to explain why it 's different than the rest of the wedding field off the bat . The overall idea of what you 're after will start to come to fruition , which means you can begin the process of sketching this thing out .
Once you 've got a solid grasp on the general idea of your brand , start looking at the details , including the name and logo design . Try to hone in on every detail you can , no matter how big or small , as these items are going to compile into an overall view of your brand . In fact , as noted by LucidPress , color knows to increase brand recognition by 80 percent , which is a pretty staggering figure considering . However , as stressful as this process might become , it 's also one that once you 're done with , it 's smooth sailing , so keep it patient while carving out your brand .
Find Excellent Content Partners
Once you feel confident about your overall branding , the next step is to reach out to content partners in the wedding industry you feel passionate about working with . Not only will these people help you garner a following from their audiences , but you 'll additionally start to gain a sense of brand authority , which is an important aspect of future successes ; because as noted by Vision Critical , authenticity is second only to loyalty discounts in importance when choosing what companies to support . And for your blog , utilizing the strength of others can bring a tremendous amount of attention off the bat .
When seeking partners , focus on those who you feel are doing something exceptional in the industry . Especially if you 're going to be writing about them , it 's always a strong choice to go after those who you passionately feel is doing something exceptional . For example , if I were doing a feature on what sorority dress you could wear to a wedding , finding top-quality partners who produce the best dresses would be crucial . All-in-all , make your best effort to seek out those that you feel will help you grow , as that 's going to be the best cursor to what 's worth your time .
Get Social With It
Finally , as one of the most crucial aspects of having a wedding blog is promotion , social media will be your best friend . As noted by Social Media Today , approximately 40 million people use Pinterest to plan their wedding , which is a pretty staggering figure considering the sheer number of couples getting married . However , as social is primary research , it goes without saying that this is one place your blog should be .
If you have n't already , starting establishing your social accounts , including Pinterest , Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter . Additionally , make your messaging on here cohesive to your brand , honing in on the aspects that you first want to be introductory materials for your audience . Another important piece to note is how often you post , which should be on a consistent level , working towards at least once a day or so . Your overall social channels are going to be one of the most significant points you have to inbound traffic , so hone in on where your strong points are and stick to it consistently , as that 's one of the biggest ways to start garnering a following .
What are you most excited about for your wedding blog ? Comment with your answers below !
A general view of the site of the ancient Sun Pyramid at the Teotihuacan Citadel outside of Mexico City during the Gran Premio Gigante-Telmex ( Photo : Donald Miralle/Getty Images )
The 1,700-year-old untouched tomb bearing the bones of a dozen male adults has been discovered in Mexico . The untouched tomb belongs to pre-Columbian figurines and statues .
According to Fox News , Archaeologists have discovered the ancient tomb , to the Comala period ( between 0 and A.D 500 ) during work to remodel a Seventh-day Adventist church in Colima , Mexico . The hole that was sealed up with stones , artifacts for grinding and human bones , says by archaeologists .
Rosa Maria Flores Ramirez , physical anthropologists at INAH in Mexico has reported , 12 skulls and other bones were piled up . Among them , some of the skulls showed signs of damage , as well as tooth fractures and wear .
Advertisement
Live Science has reported , the researchers have discovered three burial levels . From the second burial level , the team found two figurines of a male and female that facedown next to two skulls .
The male figure holds an ax , which measures 15 inches tall and 6 inches wide . He was wearing an elaborate headdress with a horn jutting out from it .
On the other hand , the female figurine , which is 12.5 inches by 5.5 inches , shows a woman with a sharp nose and a triangular head . The female wears a banded headdress and has her hands crossed , with the right hand holding a pot .
The figures were sculpted from fine that was polished when complete . The finding is rare because tombs of this type are almost invariably looted before archaeologists can get to them .
The archaeologist at the INAH , Rafael Ruiz said , `` The presence of this represents the hint at the worldwide of the groups that inhabited the Colima Valley in that period '' .
However , archaeologists believe that the first approach with the bone remains , to observe the lesions , and to have more information to know what their way of life was .
The entire Colima Valley was occupied continuously from 1500 B.C to A.D 1500 . The entire cultural ethics is lying beneath it .
FILE - In this Nov. 26 , 2017 , file photo released by the state-run Saudi Press Agency , Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman speaks in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Saudi Arabia 's young crown prince is opening a marathon tour of the United States with a first stop in Washington , where he plans to meet March 20 with President Donald Trump . The visit comes as the United States and much of the West are still trying to figure out Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , whose sweeping program of social changes at home and increased Saudi assertiveness abroad has upended decades of traditional rule in Saudi Arabia . Saudi Press Agency via AP , File )
PanARMENIAN.Net - Niki Caro , who broke through with the 2002 Maori family drama Whale Rider , will direct Disney 's live-action Mulan , The Hollywood Reporter has learned .
In an industry where female-helmed tentpoles are still rare , Caro will be the second woman at the studio to direct a movie budgeted at over $ 100 million . ( Ava DuVernay is the first , with A Wrinkle in Time . )
Caro 's most recent film , Focus ' upcoming The Zookeeper 's Wife , has been praised for its gender-inclusive set by its star , Jessica Chastain . Disney previously worked with Caro , a New Zealand native , on the 2015 cross-country drama McFarland , USA , for which she lived in central California for nearly a year to immerse herself in the Mexican-American community there .
Disney also considered other women for its woman-warrior project , including Wonder Woman 's Patty Jenkins and Michelle MacLaren ( Breaking Bad , The Walking Dead , Game of Thrones ) . Caro 's hiring likely takes her out of the running for Captain Marvel , the studio 's first female-fronted superhero movie . THR reported last August that she was on the short list of directors for that film , along with Homeland 's Lesli Linka Glatter and Lorene Scafaria , who helmed 2012 's Seeking a Friend for the End of the World .
Disney and producers Chris Bender , Jason Reed and Jake Weiner are taking pains to assure fans that Mulan will be culturally authentic . The studio had initially sought an Asian director for the project , meeting with Ang Lee ( who passed , citing scheduling ) and Rogue One-star Jiang Wen , a hit director in his native China . Sony , which is developing a rival live-action film about the Chinese legend , also hoped to put an Asian director at the helm , but ultimately hired television veteran Alex Graves .
In addition to extensive conversations with Chinese cultural consultants and working closely with Disney 's own China-based team , the studio is bringing on Hong Kong-based super-producer Bill Kong as executive producer . Kong produced the most successful Chinese films to cross over — Hero , House of Flying Daggers and Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , for which he received an Oscar nomination — as well as many of China 's biggest hits , including Monster Hunt , Wolf Totem and Journey to the West .
Last fall , controversy briefly arose when reports surfaced that the original spec that Disney purchased , written by Lauren Hynek and Elizabeth Martin , featured non-Chinese characters , including a white male lead . Disney quickly responded that Mulan and all primary characters in its movie , which has been rewritten by Jurassic World 's Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver , will remain Chinese . The studio is focusing its casting search in mainland China for the main roles , including the legendary woman warrior herself .
Cardiff City are bidding to keep the heat on Wolves at the top of the Championship as they travel to Reading on Monday evening .
The Bluebirds can move within two points of the Molineux high-fliers with victory at the Madeski Stadium .
A win would see them attain a useful six-point cushion over third-placed Bristol City as the Welsh side look to regain their place in the Premier League .
As for Reading , a victory for the Royals would see them jump into the top half and within eight points of the playoff spots .
Join Jonathan Low and our colleagues from Get Reading for all the latest updates here .
Dr. Gary May is the new chancellor at UC Davis . He joins host Scott Syphax to share his background and his focus for UC Davis as the university 's seventh chancellor .
Gary May , UC Davis Chancellor
The New York Giants are , quite obviously , intrigued by Matt LaCosse . That has to be why the Giants are giving the young tight end what basically amounts to a fourth chance with the team since the spring of 2015 . ESPN reported Tuesday , and multiple sites have since confirmed , that the Giants have re-signed the 24-year-old …
Read Original Post at
http : //www.bigblueview.com/2017/2/14/14614980/ny-giants-rumors-news-roster-moves-matt-lacosse-signing
Sports Media 101 searches and spiders for news it aggregates from across the web about your favorite sport or sports team . This article is originally posted at another site not affiliated with Sports Media 101 . The portion of the article posted here is to provide a sample of the content available at the linked site . Please click the link to read the full article . Sports Media 101 does not claim any ownership to the content and all rights are retained by the original copyright owner .
Tags : ESPN reported
LONDON ( Reuters ) - An anonymous benefactor has donated $ 5 million in bitcoin to the California-based Open Medicine Foundation , the non-profit research organisation said on Friday .
The OMF said it had received $ 4 million on Friday , having received $ 1 million from the same donor last month , via the account that it holds with BitPay , a bitcoin payments firm that converted the donation into U.S. dollars .
The money came from an anonymous donor calling themselves “ Pine ” from the Pineapple Fund , whose website says that it has already donated around $ 37 million anonymously to various charities and projects . The fund intends to donate $ 86 million in total , according to the website .
“ Donating $ 86 million of bitcoins to charity because once you have enough money , money does n't matter , ” the website states . It also says the fund holds one of the top-250 the richest bitcoin wallets in the world , with “ Pine ” having got into the market early .
Bitcoin allows money to be sent anonymously across a peer-to-peer global network , with no intermediaries needed to validate or process transactions . That has made it attractive to those who want to keep their identity secret , including those buying and selling illegal goods and services on the internet .
OMF set up its BitPay around a year ago to enable anonymous donations . Until now , though , the take-up has been low , with the total bitcoin donated in the thousands of dollars .
” This significant donation will help OMF accelerate and expand current research into ME ( myalgic encephalomyelitis ) , CFS ( chronic fatigue syndrome ) and other chronic complex diseases and to keep fighting for a better future for patients , ” said Linda Tannenbaum , founder and president of OMF .
Tannenbaum said OMF had conversations back and forth with the donor , but she did not know his or her identity .
“ I 've recently received letters of support from esteemed academics in the field strongly supporting OMF , and that helped me make the decision ! ” wrote “ Pine ” in one message .
A mere 90 minutes or so in the car north of Adelaide , the Clare Valley ( luckily ! ) still scoots just under the radar . This laid-back pocket makes an unhurried summer retreat of Aussie bush and rolling vineyards , stone buildings and intriguing history , cellar doors , good food , bike trails and country hospitality . Here 's how to make the most of it . 1 . Breakfasting until lunch A sun-dappled back road leads past vines curving away on the slopes of hills ( ‘ planted to the contour ' in vigneron speak ) to the 1860s cottage of Skillogalee ; a winery , restaurant and cellar door . Slate slabs cool the wisteria-draped verandah and there are tables beneath the sprawliest-ever olive . Head chef Nicola Palmer , whose parents bought the Skilly vineyard back in the 1980s , has hospitality in her DNA . Her seasonally changing , Ottolenghi-veering menu ( baked eggs with pungent Mauri Taleggio and baby spinach , or baked local haloumi with roast beetroot fresh from the garden ) is right on the money . And moreish .
We say : Stop at the cellar door before leaving and sample Skillogalee 's sparkling riesling ( who knew ? ) .
2 . Eating local In Auburn , Terroir chef , Dan Moss , works culinary magic with seasonal local ingredients at his decidedly French-looking shop-front restaurant . The philosophy is ‘ strictly locavore ' , but the food has a modern edge – roast quail with sesame and lime , black barley and basil – and you may as well loosen up that belt because desserts are divine . If you 're not up for dinner , while away an afternoon matching their tapas with the local vino . Another option is to join the savvy locals at Seed Winehouse + Kitchen , in Clare , where the menu ( confit and fried globe artichoke , or duck leg sausages with soft polenta ) has a similar farm-to-fork freshness . And the bar has a real buzz . We say : Seed has a fabulous list of Clare Valley rieslings ( and a smattering of French wines – why not ? They 're fabulous too ) .
Even When Black Unemployment Is At Record Lows , It 's Dangerously High
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lynne Sladky/ASSOCIATED PRESS Lynne Sladky/ASSOCIATED PRESS
On Tuesday , President Trump painted a rosy picture of the economy during his first State of the Union speech : rising wages , a boom in manufacturing jobs , jobless claims were at their lowest in nearly half a century .
But one of the biggest applause breaks during his survey of the landscape greeted this claim : `` Something I 'm very proud of — African-American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded . '' Cue hoots and hollers and a standing ovation from the members of Congress on the chamber floor .
It was an oddly showy response from the folks in attendance , given how little serious attention is usually paid to black unemployment by members of Congress . Really , who knew they cared so much ?
The qualifiers for the president 's claims around black joblessness are pretty significant ; indeed , they 're actually the whole story . Most of the improvement in the jobs figures are part of an ongoing trend that can be attributed to the Fed 's management of the economy under Janet Yellen , whom President Trump declined to renominate to run the nation 's central bank . And while the black employment numbers were historically low , at the time of Trump 's speech , the most recent jobs data put black unemployment at 6.8 percent . If those numbers were the overall national figures , the country would be in or near a recession . Consider that for as far back as the data goes , black unemployment has consistently been around twice the rate of joblessness for white people , in strong economies or sluggish ones . If the broader economy is on solid footing , black unemployment numbers is high . When the nation is a downturn , black employment figures teeter on the catastrophic .
Even the relatively low black unemployment numbers that Trump touted in his State of the Union speech could n't hold ; by the end of the week , new jobs figures showed that black unemployment actually spiked nearly a full point to 7.7 percent . And if black unemployment is never that low , white unemployment is almost never that high , with a notable recent exception of a sustained fallow period between 2009 and 2011 during the Great Recession . ( In January , white unemployment fell to 3.3 percent . ) Taken together , the January numbers are another example of the precarity of the black economic condition and the extent to which racial disparities in joblessness have calcified into a permanent , structural feature of American life .
`` [ Politicians ] using improvement in the numbers to ignore the disparities , but there 's almost no celebration to be had , '' said Andre Perry , a fellow in the Metropolitan Privacy program at the Brookings Institute . He said that black people were `` the sacrificial lambs for full employment , '' as a desire for aggressive interventions to lower joblessness tends to dry up when the economy is doing better , even as black people are still struggling . And it means that the kinds of policy decisions that get made when the economy is robust — say , raising interest rates — might be good for banks but make it even harder for black borrowers with less family wealth and lower incomes to get loans for homes and businesses . `` [ Lawmakers ] have not demonstrated the stomach to really invest in ways to create inclusive economies , '' Perry said . `` It 's still federal investment , but in a gated community kind of way . ''
And yes , a major part of understanding the employment gap means understanding discrimination , which as we 've written before , is a knowable , quantifiable component of the labor market . Even when you control for education , black folks are less likely to be employed and have lower starting salaries than similarly situated white people . When the economy is more robust , that racial gap in employment does shrink , because there 's more competition among employers for workers ; which is to say that it becomes more costly for employers to discriminate than when jobs are more scarce . But that gap in employment remains , and the gains we do see in black employment tend to be clustered in lower-paying sectors like retail or the gig economy .
There are rural , white communities where unemployment numbers looks like black unemployment numbers , but their employment prospects , too , tend to also be obscured by federal jobs numbers . Conversely , there are communities across the country where black employment and wages actually outpace national averages — they tend to be places that have large , black middle classes due to their proximity to federal jobs , universities , military bases , and the steady private investment that flows around those institutions . Perry said those regions could serve as a template for how to reduce the racial jobs gap — lawmakers in Washington could direct funding and investment to bolster those anchor institutions , while investing in the kind of infrastructure jobs that create jobs and transferable job skills for communities where people are consistently out of work for long stretches of time .
Which brings us back to President Trump . He 's never never really explained which specific policies he 's championed or enacted that would have lowered the low ( but still really high ) black unemployment rate for which he 's claimed credit . And of course , that 's not really the point of him invoking any of this : his boast and Republicans ' rapturous applause to it was a way to ding the Democrats ( and Trump 's black predecessor ) for their supposed inaction toward alleviating the plight of black people . All of which is far easier than actually doing something about it .
By Nader Al-Anzi
ISTANBUL – Seven Saudis were among the 39 people killed in the terrorist attack that struck a restaurant in Istanbul early on Sunday .
Thirteen Saudis also sustained injuries in the attack , according to Abdullah Al-Rasheedan , minister plenipotentiary at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul .
Speaking to Okaz/Saudi Gazette , he said that four Saudi women and three men were killed in the attack while those wounded included seven men and six women . “ The consulate is making efforts , in coordination with the Turkish authorities , to receive the bodies and repatriate them to the Kingdom . ”
Meanwhile , an official source at the Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the armed attack carried out on Sunday by a group of terrorists on a prison in Bahrain , martyring a security officer . The source reiterated the Kingdom 's solidarity with Bahrain and its firm stance by the side of Bahrain against terrorism and extremism . He offered deep condolences and sympathy to the relatives of the martyred security man , the government and people of Bahrain .
FILE - In this Jan. 30 , 2018 file photo , U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg answers a law student 's question as she participates in a `` fireside chat '' in the Bruce M. Selya Appellate Courtroom at the Roger William University Law School in Bristol , R.I. Ginsburg has received a lifetime achievement award from a prominent Jewish organization . Stephan Savoia , File AP Photo
KARACHI , Apr 18 ( APP ) : The Exchange Rates Committee of Financial Markets Association of Pakistan issued the following exchange rates bulletin , here on Tuesday .
LIBOR FOR CALCULATING INTEREST ON SPECIAL US DOLLAR BONDS
VIDE SBP F.E . CIRCULAR NO.42 & 21.07.98 & 04.08.98 RESPECTIVELY .
LIBOR VALUE
6 MONTHS US DOLLAR 1.4032 18.04.17
CONVERSION RATES FOR 18TH APRIL 2017 FOR FOREIGN CURRENCY
FOR FORWARD COVER FOR DEPOSITS ( EXCLUDING FE-25 DEPOSITS )
SBP SETTLEMENT VALUE DATE APRIL 20 , 2017 .
USD 104.8607
GBP 131.5268
EUR 111.4250
JPY 0.9682
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal 's website with one of the following subscriber options :
Monthly Subscription - $ 5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Quarterly Subscription - $ 15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Annual Subscription - $ 30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL : If you 're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail , email us at calhouncountyjournal @ gmail.com
Local Over The Counter bond prices appreciated ( and yields decreased ) across the maturities tracked following renewed bargain hunting activity and boost in financial system liquidity .
Specifically , the 20-year , 10.00 % FGN July 2030 bond , the 10-year , 16.39 % FGN JAN 2022 paper , the 7-year , 16.00 % FGN JUN 2019 paper and the 5-year , 14.50 % FGN JUL 2021 paper increased by N1.29 , N0.50 , N0.09 and N1.32 respectively while their corresponding yields declined to 14.51 % ( from 14.66 % ) , 14.36 % ( from 14.52 % ) , 14.98 % ( from 15.05 % ) and 14.56 % ( from 15.05 % ) .
Elsewhere , FGN Eurobonds prices tanked across the maturities amid sustained profit taking activity on the London Stock Exchange .
Specifically , the 10-year bonds , 6.75 % JAN 28 , 2021 and 6.38 % JUL 12 , 2023 shed N0.30 and N0.21 respectively ( corresponding yields increased to 4.66 % and 5.29 % from 4.57 % and 5.26 % respectively ) while the 5-year , 5.13 % JUL 12 , 2018 bond lost N0.10 ( yield rose to 3.46 % from 3.35 % ) .
This week , CBN on behalf of Debt Management Office will auction FGN bonds worth N100 billion , viz : 5-year 14.50 % FGN JUL 2021 paper worth N50 billion and 10-year , 16.29 % FGN MAR 2027 bond worth N50 billion , Reuters reports .
Wilson , Harris earn nods on midseason watch lists
COLUMBIA , S.C. – South Carolina senior A'ja Wilson and sophomore Tyasha Harris earned spots on their positional national player of the year watch lists this week . Wilson is one of 10 candidates for the 2018 Lisa Leslie Award , while Harris is on The Dawn Staley Award Midseason Watch List .
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and the WBCA announced the Lisa Leslie Award watch list Friday and will narrow the field to five finalists in March . The annual award to recognize the top center in women 's NCAA Division I college basketball is in its inaugural season and is named for three-time All-American , 1994 National Player of the Year and 2015 Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame inductee Lisa Leslie .
Wilson remains a dominant force in her final season at South Carolina , ranking in the top 15 in the nation in points ( 7th , 22.7 ) , rebounds ( 14 , 11.5 ) and blocked shots ( 3rd , 3.7 ) . The Hopkins , S.C. , native has netted 25 or more points 11 times this season and is second in the SEC with a team-high 15 double-doubles , which ranks her fifth in the nation . When the spotlight shines the brightest , Wilson answers , averaging 20.9 points and 12.0 rebounds in eight games against nationally ranked foes this season .
The Dawn Staley award is in its fifth season sponsored by The Phoenix Club of Philadelphia to recognize the player who exemplifies the skills that Staley possessed throughout her career – ball handling , scoring , ability to distribute the basketball and will to win .
Harris has continued her steady growth at the point guard spot for the Gamecocks , expanding her scoring while continuing to deliver quality looks for her teammates . She has six double-doubles this season with points and assists and ranks 16th in the nation with 6.5 assists per game , which complements her 11.3 points per game . Her scoring average rises to 13.7 points per SEC contest and ticks up yet again against nationally ranked opponents to 14.0 .
Harris and Wilson lead the No . 7/6 Gamecocks back into SEC action on Mon. , Feb. 5 , when they travel to No . 2/2 Mississippi State for a 7 p.m. ( ET ) tipoff on ESPN2 .
Lisa Leslie Award Watch List
Monique Billings , UCLA
Kalani Brown , Baylor
Marie Gulich , Oregon State
Megan Gustafson , Iowa
Kaylee Jensen , Oklahoma State
Teaira McCowan , Mississippi State
Mercedes Russell , Tennessee
Azura Stevens , UConn
Hallie Thome , Michigan
A'ja Wilson , South Carolina
The Dawn Staley Award Watch List
Lexie Brown , Duke
Jordin Canada , UCLA
Chennedy Carter , Texas A & M
Asia Durr , Louisville
Katelynn Flaherty , Michigan State
Tyasha Harris , South Carolina
Shakyla Hill , Grambling State
Sabrina Jonescu , Oregon State
Kelsey Mitchell , Ohio State
Kia Nurse , UConn
Arike Ogunbowale , Notre Dame
Katie Lou Samuelson , UConn
Tyler Scaife , Rutgers
Victoria Vivians , Mississippi State
Morgan Williams , Mississippi State
Gamecocks Athletics contributed to this article .
* German 10-yr yields hit highest since Sep 2015
* U.S. yields spike as rate hikes expected
* Payroll data could confirm trend
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Euro zone bond yields flirted with multi-year highs on Friday before the United States releases employment data that 's expected to bolster expectations U.S. interest rates will rise .
Investors have been shedding euro zone bonds this year as a booming European economy heightens expectations the European Central Bank will tighten monetary policy . News from the U.S. is giving the sell-off fresh impetus .
“ Bunds remain vulnerable as U.S. headwinds look set to persist ahead of today 's ( employment ) data , ” Commerzbank analysts said in a note .
A Reuters poll forecast the United States added 180,000 jobs in January , an increase from 148,000 the month before .
The yield on 10-year Treasuries climbed to their highest since April 2015 overnight at 2.80 percent in European trade on Friday .
Euro zone government bond yields also rose , adding 3 to 4 bps across the board . The yield on Germany 's 10-year government bond reached its highest since September 2015 at 0.745 percent .
The gap between the U.S. and German benchmark yields was at elevated levels at 205 basis points .
“ We do not see any support for U.S. Treasuries here other than domestically , if U.S. equities weaken , ” said Peter Chatwell , Mizuho 's head of rates strategy .
“ On the other hand , higher yields will increase euro buying and will also make European government bonds more attractive for foreign investors , causing them to continue their outperformance of USTs . ”
The gap between low-rated Southern European debt and the German benchmark bonds remained tight .
The Spain-Germany 10-year government bond yield spread , for example , was steady at 67 basis points , which is the lowest the gap has been since March 2010 . ( Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan , editing by Larry King )
Lions running back Dwayne Washington had six carries for 34 yards in Sunday 's exhibition victory over the Colts in Indianapolis . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
Allen Park — With more than half of training camp completed , and the first preseason game in the books , the Detroit Lions are still a long way from sorting out the team 's roster . Still , a pecking order is starting to take shape at the bottom of the roster .
Here is our initial projection for how the roster will shake out . There 's only one cut day this year . Teams must get down to 53 players by 4 p.m. on Sept 2 .
QUARTERBACKS ( 2 )
■ In : Matthew Stafford , Jake Rudock
■ Out : Brad Kaaya
■ Thoughts : Kaaya was sharp in the preseason opener , looking much better than he has during training camp practices . Still , the Lions ca n't afford the luxury of carrying a third quarterback on the roster with some of the team 's needs at other spots , particularly on defense . They should be able to slide him through waivers and add him to the practice squad , like they did with Rudock last season .
RUNNING BACKS ( 4 )
■ In : Ameer Abdullah , Theo Riddick , Zach Zenner , Dwayne Washington
■ Out : Matt Asiata , Mike James , Tion Green
■ Thoughts : The sample size was beyond small , but in his limited touches against the Colts , Washington showed significantly better patience and feel than he did as a rookie . He did a solid job in pass protection , as well , but will need to clean up his drop issues on the practice field to secure the spot .
The Lions need their third and fourth backs able to contribute if Abdullah or Riddick go down . Asiata can do a little bit of everything , but as a ball carrier , he simply is n't dynamic . That was on full display against the Colts , with six rushing yards on five carries .
Lions wide receiver Jace Billingsley ( 16 ) is fighting for a spot as the team 's fifth wide receiver , but he 'll have to hold off veteran Jared Abbrederis . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
WIDE RECEIVERS ( 5 )
■ In : Marvin Jones , Golden Tate , Kenny Golladay , TJ Jones , Jace Billingsley
■ Out : Jared Abbrederis , Keshawn Martin , Michael Rector , Dontez Ford , Dez Stewart , Noel Thomas
■ Thoughts : TJ Jones ' usage against the Colts — getting quickly removed from the lineup after a sizable gain — is a good indicator of where he currently stands . He 's drawn praise all camp and made good on the team 's challenge to add weight after he was cut last season .
I have Billingsley as the fifth receiver today , but that can quickly change . Abbrederis had a big play and a drop in Indianapolis , but he 's still in the mix . And it 's tough to rule out Martin , who is still further down the depth chart , but making the most of the opportunities he 's seeing .
TIGHT ENDS ( 4 )
■ In : Eric Ebron , Darren Fells , Michael Roberts , Cole Wick
■ Out : Tim Wright , Robert Tonyan , Khari Lee
■ Thoughts : If Roberts were performing more consistently , as both a pass-catcher and blocker , I might lean toward the Lions keeping three at the position . Wick gives you something on special teams and is an improved blocker , despite some gaffes against the Colts .
Wright and Lee are different types of tight ends , but both have been mixed in with the first-team offense during camp and under consideration , along with Wick . Tonyan is a good route runner and has reliable hands . He seems like a perfect fit for the practice squad as he continues to develop at his new position .
OFFENSIVE LINE ( 9 )
■ In : Greg Robinson , Graham Glasgow , Travis Swanson , T.J. Lang , Rick Wagner , Laken Tomlinson , Joe Dahl , Cyrus Kouandjio , Cornelius Lucas
■ Out : Leo Koloamatangi , Brandon Thomas , Matt Rotheram , Storm Norton , Nick Becton
■ Thoughts : Before suffering an injury , Lucas was off to a good start in camp , looking sharp while primarily playing right tackle . If Corey Robinson returns from injury , it could shake up the roster dynamic at that spot , but there 's been no indication that 's imminent .
Joe Dahl and Laken Tomlinson have n't done anything to deserve to be locks , but they have a longer leash because of their ceilings and their contracts . Dahl also offers versatility , which has value when the injury bug bites harder than expected .
Koloamatangi could certainly sneak on to the roster . He 's cooled a bit since his strong start , but the Lions coaches really like him and keeping him on board allows him to be developed as a potential Swanson replacement in 2018 .
■ Injured : Taylor Decker , Corey Robinson
Defensive ends Alex Barrett , left , and Jeremiah Valoaga appear to be battling for a roster spot on the Lions . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
DEFENSIVE LINE ( 10 )
■ In : Ziggy Ansah , Cornelius Washington , Anthony Zettel , Haloti Ngata , A'Shawn Robinson , Akeem Spence , Jordan Hill , Jeremiah Ledbetter , Jeremiah Valoaga , Alex Barrett
■
Out : Ego Ferguson , Bruce Gaston , Pat O'Connor
■
Suspended : Armonty Bryant , Khyri Thornton
■
Injured : Kerry Hyder
■ Thoughts : The last few spots on this group is the most fluid situation on the roster . Ansah , Washington , Zettel , Ngata , Robinson and Spence are locks . That 's three ends and three tackles , and the team could conceivably carry up to 10 total linemen . That seems like a stronger possibility after Kerry Hyder and flex option Brandon Copeland were lost to season-ending injuries in the preseason opener
LINEBACKERS ( 5 )
■ In : Jarrad Davis , Tahir Whitehead , Antwione Williams , Paul Worrilow , Jalen Reeves-Maybin
■ Out : Thurston Armbrister , Nick Bellore
■ Injured : Brandon Copeland
■ Thoughts : Williams was trending toward winning the starting strong-side job , even before Copeland went down . Depending on how confident the Lions are at that spot , they could find a way to keep Longa , a practice squader from last year . Worrilow 's experience and versatility will be good to have on the roster , and he 's also a quality special teamer
CORNERBACKS ( 7 )
■ In : Darius Slay , Nevin Lawson , Quandre Diggs , D.J . Hayden , Teez Tabor , Johnson Bademosi , Jamal Agnew
■ Out : Adairius Barnes , Tramain Jacobs , Josh Thornton
■ Thoughts : Seven cornerbacks ? Yeah , it 's a lot . Too many , really , but special teams are a big factor here . Bademosi and Agnew might not contribute much on defense in 2017 , but both have the potential to be top special teams performers — Bademosi as a cover guy and Agnew returning punts .
Hayden is trending toward being a top backup , both on the outside and in the slot , while Tabor can be developed for a bigger role next season , while sporadically being worked into a series here and there is this year .
Lions cornerback Jamal Agnew 's ( 39 ) ability to return kicks could help him earn a roster spot . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
SAFETIES ( 4 )
■ In : Glover Quin , Tavon Wilson , Miles Killebrew , Don Carey
■ Out : Charles Washington , Rolan Milligan , Alex Carter
■ Thoughts : The top three — Quinn , Wilson and Killebrew — are locks and it 's difficult to imagine the Lions suddenly moving on from Carey , a four-phase special teams standout . Washington is a tough cut , and I would n't be surprised if the Lions find a way to keep him . They like his versatility and ability to get after it on kick coverage .
SPECIALISTS ( 3 )
■ In : Matt Prater , Sam Martin , Don Muhlbach
■ Out : Kasey Redfern
■ Thoughts : We still have n't seen any indication Sam Martin is close to returning , but it 's obviously his job once he does . Redfern has been a pleasant surprise as a fill-in and is setting himself up for a job somewhere in this league .
jdrogers @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/justin_rogers
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee 's first baby of 2017
0:55 Woman saves neighbor 's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
1:19 Fans honor Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher at Hollywood Walk of Fame
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
UNITED NATIONS , Feb 15 ( APP ) : Gender equality and women 's empowerment are among top priorities of Pakistan where women have made important strides , Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi has told the United Nations .
“ Our adherence to the ideals of empowering women and protecting their rights stems from our faith , Constitution and the vision of our founding father , ” the Pakistani envoy said in a speech to UN-Women , the world body 's entity working for empowerment of women , which opened its first session in 2017 on Tuesday .
As a leading troop contributing country , she said , Pakistan fully
recognized the critical role of women in international peace and security . “ Our women peacekeepers have served as police officers , doctors and nurses in missions in Asia , Africa and the Balkans . ”
Pakistan had also earned the distinction of electing the first female
prime minister in the Muslim world — not once but twice , and its outstanding women professionals had served as speaker of the National Assembly , as foreign minister and governor of the Central Bank . “ Only yesterday , my government appointed the country 's first-ever female Foreign Secretary . ”
In her remarks , Ambassador Lodhi also cited the progress made by women around the world , saying they have a pivotal role to play in achieving sustainable development . Achieving gender equality and empowerment of women and girls , she pointed out , was at the heart of the new development agenda .
UN-Women , she said has the potential to catalyse change by utilizing
its composite nature and mandates in a fully integrated fashion .
Ambassador Lodhi called for unwavering political support and ownership
in order to accomplish the new development paradigm that poses many implementation and leadership challenges .
“ Women across the world , from Columbia to Uganda to Burundi to Tunisia , have emerged as leaders and consensus builders , inspiring hopes of peace and prosperity amidst conflict and violence ” , the Pakistani envoy said . Over the years , she said women had demonstrated the requisite skills , capacities for mediation and peace building and displayed a remarkable ability to lead various international initiatives .
Such skills and abilities make them particularly suited as special
envoys , special representatives and resident coordinators , she said , adding that the current share of women in leadership roles at the UN remained abysmally low . “ We are encouraged to see Secretary-General Antonio Guterres focus on addressing this . ”
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Mangalam Organics Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT BEFORE TAX 50.3 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 16.5 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 783.6 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 442.1 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Fan Theories is a new video series that follows the most imaginative Redditors down their own pop culture-obsessed rabbit holes . In the inaugural installment , we 're chewing on TimmestTim 's bold theory that attempts to explain why NBC 's The Office became weirder and weirder throughout its epic nine-season run . Without spoiling too much , it involves Michael Scott , Toby Flenderson , and some radon tests that may or may not have failed to save the majority of the staff . What does it all mean ? How does this make any sense ? Watch above and find out for yourself .
ISLAMABAD , Jul 4 ( APP ) : In-charge Central Election Cell , Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) Taj Haider on Wednesday said that Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was set to launch aggressive election campaign in Punjab from early next week .
“ The campaign will start from South Punjab and Bilawal is likely to address different rallies at different places including Sadiqabad , Bhawalpur , Multan and other major cities and towns , ” he said while taking to APP .
Taj Haider said that Chairman PPP was addressing mammoth public rallies in Sindh , used to take over 16 hours instead of planned period of only three hours due to overwhelming response from the public .
To a question , he said that free , fair and transparent election was not the responsibility of PPP and demanded the concerned authorities to conduct fair and transparent polls .
He said that PPP had endured many times rigging in general election but always tried to support continuity of democracy in the larger interest of the country .
Rogers Executive Airport-Carter Field in Fayetteville , Arkansas , will close for 10 days — from June 23 to July 3 — for a $ 6.6 million construction project to make improvements to the runway , lighting and drainage .
According to airport officials , three construction crews will be working around the clock to complete the work , weather permitting .
Aircraft based at the airport are expected to either remain during the construction or use nearby airports , including Springdale Municipal Airport or the Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport , officials note .
SPRINGFIELD -- The School Committee is urging the city to file a home rule bill with the state Legislature that calls for full state reimbursement of charter school expenses , claiming that Springfield has been underfunded by millions of dollars over the years .
The committee , in a unanimous vote , is asking the City Council to approve a home rule bill on charter school reimbursements similar to an effort by the city of Lowell to increase reimbursements for its public school system .
`` This is a travesty in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , '' Superintendent of Schools Daniel Warwick said at Thursday 's meeting .
A draft letter from the School Committee states the issue of charter school funding `` is certainly not Springfield 's alone . ''
`` The combination of consistently growing charter school costs and rapidly shrinking reimbursements have resulted in considerable fiscal burdens upon communities throughout the Commonwealth , '' the letter states .
Specific figures for costs and reimbursements were not immediately confirmed .
A home rule bill from Springfield would need approval from the state Legislature and governor to become law . A similar bill from Lowell is seeking `` 100 percent reimbursement '' of charter school costs based on a state formula .
The funding of charter schools comes primarily from tuition payments paid by the `` sending school district '' that a student otherwise would have attended , according to a summary by the Massachusetts Budget and Policy Center ( MassBudget ) . The state funds per student go to the charter school rather than the public school budget , officials said .
`` Tuition payments are roughly equal to average per pupil spending , '' MassBudget stated . MassBudget is an independent , nonprofit organization whose mission is to provide nonpartisan research and analysis of state budget and tax policies .
`` For many years , the state reimbursed districts for the full amount determined by the charter reimbursement formula , '' MassBudget stated . `` But reimbursement levels are subject to annual appropriations , and in recent years the Legislature has not appropriated sufficient funding to provide sending districts with 100 percent of the reimbursements as determined by the formula . ''
The state reimbursements are intended to cover expenses such as retiree pensions , health insurance and fixed costs , School Budget Director Patrick Roach said . The students leave for a charter school , but the public school system still has those costs to cover , he said .
`` All we are asking for is our fair share , '' said Mayor Domenic J. Sarno , who serves as chairman of the School Committee .
School Committee member Christopher Collins said he has always been astonished that the state passes regulations and makes sure the cities adhere to them , but does not live up to its own guidelines .
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday , March 19 , 2018 at 3:01 pm |
U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein . ( AP Photo/Dita Alangkara , file )
A pro-Israel organization has called for the dismissal of U.N. Human Rights Commissioner Zaid Ra'ad al-Hussein after he referred to the Jewish communities in Yehudah and Shomron as a “ war crime , ” Arutz Sheva reported on Monday .
A letter signed by dozens of supporters of Israel in over 30 countries , including activists of the Lev HaOlam organization , decried the U.N. official 's blatant double standard :
“ While tens of thousands of people are being slaughtered in Syria , and while women 's rights are being disregarded in Iran , the Human Rights Commissioner is issuing a report on the settlement movement in Israel , which details construction information , calling it a war crime , ” the letter said .
“ The Commissioner ' s obsession with Israel is unacceptable . We hear his decisions come from anti-Semitic motives , and we call for the immediate dismissal of Zaid Ra'ad Al-Hussein from the position of U.N. Human Rights Commissioner . ”
Signatories are from all over the globe , including Switzerland , Austria , the United States , Finland , Germany , Italy , Singapore , Pakistan , Papua New Guinea , Canada , as well as African countries such as Rwanda , Uganda , South Africa , and Tanzania .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Iran will prepare the grounds for encouraging non-oil exports to Armenia , the Islamic Republic 's ambassador to Yerevan said on Friday , February 2 .
“ Iranian embassy will spare no efforts to facilitate trade between Tehran and Yerevan , ” Kazem Sajjadi said at a meeting with Iranian manufacturers and business people in Armenia .
“ Developing ties in all areas importance for Iran .
During the meeting , ways to promote economic and trade relations between Iran and Armenia were discussed .
Iranian merchants also unveiled their views on launching a supreme council of Iranian traders .
Iranian Deputy Oil Minister Hamid Reza Araqi said earlier that the Islamic Republic is ready to enhance its gas interaction and cooperation with Armenia .
In 2004 , the two countries inked a barter contract in the field of gas and electricity for 20 years , based on which , Iran 's export gas will be used by Armenian power plants and in return , Iran will import electricity from Armenia .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ManpowerGroup Inc :
* MANPOWERGROUP REPORTS 4TH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* SEES Q1 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 1.60 TO $ 1.68
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 3.22
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 14 PERCENT TO $ 5.6 BILLION
* DISCRETE NET TAX BENEFITS POSITIVELY IMPACTED EARNINGS PER SHARE BY $ 1.10 IN Q4
* Q4 REVENUE VIEW $ 5.54 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
RAWALPINDI , Feb 15 ( APP ) : Three Khasadars and two civilians
embraced Shahadat when a suicide bomber , out of two , blew himself
up , after being spotted and challenged by the personnel at the
office gate of Political Agent in Mohmand Agency on Wednesday .
“ Three Khasadars and two civilians embraced Shahadat when
a suicider blew himself up when challenged by sentry while other
suicider was shot by the security forces in Mohmand agency , ”
according to an ISPR press release .
The security agencies had the intelligence about intrusion of suicide bombers from Afghanistan into the Mohmand Agency .
Following the incident , the security agencies were carrying out a combing operation in the area .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Norway 's $ 975-billion sovereign wealth fund , the world 's largest , should be more forceful in promoting its ethical agenda and influencing the thousands of companies it invests in , a report commissioned by non-governmental organisations said on Monday .
The fund , which invests the proceeds of Norway 's oil and gas production for future generations , already has rules that stipulate , for example , that it can not invest in firms that produce landmines or nuclear weapons , or derive more than 30 percent of their turnover from coal .
But the study by the Re-Define thinktank said it could do much more .
`` ( The fund should ) apply its expectations documents on human rights , children 's rights , climate change , water management and tax and transparency to itself , just as it expects BlackRock , as well as many other asset managers it holds significant stakes in , to follow , '' it said .
In response , a spokesman for the fund 's management , Norges Bank Investment Management ( NBIM ) , said it was open to dialogue on ethical standards and had already divested from 210 companies when it estimated there were `` elevated long-term risks '' on environmental , social or governance considerations .
The report , which was commissioned by a group of nine NGOs including Amnesty International and Save the Children , said the fund should team up with other investors to address social , environmental and governance challenges .
`` It should immediately join the investor coalitions that already exist on enhancing disclosures of labour policy , fighting the excessive use of antibiotics , and acting against aggressive tax planning , '' the report said .
On assessing the risk that climate change could pose to its portfolio , NBIM said that in 2016 it had calculated the carbon footprint of its bond portfolio for the first time , and for the third year in a row for equities .
Companies in which the fund owns stakes are responsible for emitting 90 to 100 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , or about twice what Norway emits per year , its CEO Yngve Slyngstad said in May .
He told Reuters in June the fund was also asking the banks it was invested to disclose how their lending contributes to greenhouse gas emissions .
* Champions Chelsea falls to opening-day defeat to Burnley
* Aguero and Dunk own goal give Manchester City win at Brighton
* Liverpool draw 3-3 at Watford
* Rooney marks Everton return with winning goal ( Adds detail of manchester city late game )
By Steve Tongue
LONDON , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Premier League champions Chelsea suffered an embarrassing home defeat on the first Saturday of the new season , having two men sent off as unfancied Burnley beat them 3-2 at Stamford Bridge .
Manchester City , the bookmakers ' favourites to take their crown this season , had no such problems seeing off promoted Brighton & Hove Albion 2-0 in Saturday 's late game , while Liverpool were held at Watford and Wayne Rooney scored Everton 's winner on his return against Stoke .
City 's win made defeat doubly disappointing for Antonio Conte , whose disjointed Chelsea side struggled from the early stages when captain Gary Cahill was dismissed for a lunging tackle and found themselves three-nil down at halftime to a team who had not won at the ground since 1971 .
Wales international Sam Vokes scored two of the goals and Stephen Ward the other .
New signing Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid came on to pull one back midway through the second half and then provided an assist for David Luiz , but in between midfielder Cesc Fabregas was also sent off for a second yellow card .
It was a dispiriting afternoon for Conte , who won the title in his first season at the club and has wanted more reinforcements for his squad .
`` I am not worried . I am ready to fight with these players , '' he said . `` Our fight in the second half was very good . But first half after the red card we lost our heads . ''
City managed to keep theirs at Brighton 's Amex Stadium despite a frustrating first 68 minutes in which they failed to break down their opponents .
City manager Pep Guardiola spent more than 200 million pounds ( $ 260.22 million ) in the summer and gave debuts to four players , but it was old favourite Sergio Aguero who broke the deadlock before a Lewis Dunk own goal sealed the disappointment for a raucous home crowd experiencing top-flight football for the first time in 34 years .
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp protested that Watford 's stoppage-time equaliser by Manuel Britos in an entertaining 3-3 draw should have been disallowed for offside .
`` We were unlucky in the end , '' Klopp said . `` The equaliser was offside . It 's obvious because the linesman is on the line . He needs to see it . ''
After the opening game of the season on Friday between Arsenal and Leicester City produced seven goals , Vicarage Road saw a similar level of entertainment - including some poor defending .
The home side , under new manager Marco Silva , led twice through Stefano Okaka and Abdoulaye Doucoure but Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino , with a penalty , both equalised .
Debutant Mohamed Salah seemed to have won the points for the visitors before Britos 's dramatic late intervention .
Liverpool will need to be more solid when they visit Hoffenheim in the Champions League qualifying playoff on Tuesday .
NEWCOMERS TOP TABLE
Promoted Huddersfield Town , playing in the top flight for the first time since 1972 and widely tipped for relegation , cruised to a 3-0 win away to Crystal Palace and spend the night on top of the table .
Record signing Steve Mounie , the Benin striker from Montpellier who cost 13 million euros ( $ 15.36 million ) , scored once in each half after Palace 's Joel Ward put through his own goal .
Wayne Rooney scored on his return to Everton from Manchester United to give the Merseysiders a 1-0 victory at home to Stoke City . It was his 199th Premier League goal and first for Everton since 2004 .
`` To score at Goodison on my first game back in the Premier League , it does n't get much better , '' he said .
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi , on loan to West Bromwich Albion from Al Ahly , scored on his debut in the 1-0 win at home to Bournemouth .
There were no goals on the south coast between Southampton and Swansea City . That meant the Saints have not scored at home in their last six games .
ISLAMABAD , Aug 14 ( APP ) : Federal Minister for Interior Ahsan
Iqbal on Monday congratulated the whole nation on the 70th
Independence Day .
In a statement issued here , he said despite inappropriate
circumstances , Pakistanis had proved their mettle in every sphere
of life .
“ It is our objective to make Pakistan among the top 25
economies of the world by the year 2025 , ” he said , adding peace and
prosperity in the country was a must for the continuation of polices
of economic and social development .
“ On this day we as a nation should commit ourselves to follow
the guiding principles laid down by founder of Pakistan Quaid-e-Azam
Muhammad Ali Jinnah to make Pakistan a developed , welfare and
a true democratic state and cradle of peace , ” he said .
He said “ Today we should also commit ourselves that as one
nation we will fight against the internal and external dangers
faced by our homeland . ”
“ We have to stand united to establish brotherhood among us by
defeating the menace of terrorism and extremism in all its
manifestation . ”
He said “ We have to adopt the principles of hard work , honesty
and dedication for development of Pakistan . ”
Sheriff who lost in the Supreme Court on his bid to remain as the National Chairman of the Party is of the opinion that certain ppwerful individuals in the Party has hijacked it in order to foster a particular Presidential candidate on it .
Hear him
“ Wike and Secondus are working to give the party ticket in 2019 to a man in APC , a man that is not even bold enough to leave the APC and join us . He was in the PDP before . He was a founding father of the PDP .
“ I do n't have to mention him .
Secondus himself told me that he and Wike always meet this man to strategise plans on 2019 . I told him that it is wrong . If the man is bold enough , let him come and join us now .
“ They accused me of working for the APC . How ? I have never played games like that .
I had formed a party and was the BOT Chairman . I was a presidential candidate , three-time senator , Minority Leader . Makarfi worked for the APC in 2015 , Ben Obi was Atiku 's Vice Presidential Candidate , and Secondus and Wike are meeting an APC man regularly on how the party will be sold to him .
“ Wike is full of arrogance and impunity . He is too small to pocket PDP . I will not allow him . There are people who can carry the flag within the party . PDP will not be sold . ”
Former Acting National Chairman of PDP , Ali Modu Sheriff has spoken on the recently held National Convention of the Party .
Congratulations !
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time .
SELLER : Marshall B. Mathers III , a.k.a . Eminem
LOCATION : Rochester Hills , MI
PRICE : $ 1,999,000
SIZE : ( approx . ) 17,500 square feet , 5 bedrooms , 7 full and 3 half bathrooms
YOUR MAMA 'S NOTES : Marshall B. Mathers III , a man much better known to the world simply as Eminem , hung a $ 1.999 million price tag on a multi-acre estate in the upscale Detroit suburb of Rochester Hills . Unfortunately for him , it does n't take a mathematics genius or even a calculator to see the 15-Grammy winning rapper , record producer and actor , who also took home an Oscar in 2002 for Best Original Song “ Lose Yourself ” from the moved “ 8 Mile , ” faces an astonishing $ 2.75 million loss on the property that he purchased in 2003 for $ 4.75 million . And that 's not even counting his two dozen-plus years of carrying costs and improvement expenses not to mention any associated real estate fees .
The gated and largely wooded 5.69-acre spread , about 30 miles due north of downtown Detroit near the end of a long cul-de-sac where it backs up to the Stony Creek Metropark Golf Course , is anchored by a sprawling stone-faced mansion of no discernible architectural vernacular that measures in , per online marketing materials , at around 17,500-square-feet with five en suite bedrooms and a total of seven full and three half bathrooms . Online listings do n't include any photographs of the interior of the hulking , multi-winged main residence — there are , however , a handful of images of the various outbuildings — but do show they include an 800-square-foot formal living room and a formal dining room that extends a baronial 40-feet from end-to-end plus a nearly 600-square-foot family room and a titanic “ great room ” that at 40-feet-long and 32-feet-wide measures in at a small house-sized 1,280-square-feet .
The estate 's various outbuildings include a guardhouse , an octagonal poolside cabana with kitchenette and a two-story detached guesthouse with what listing descriptions describe as a “ wild game room. ” The grounds provide a gated circular driveway and a couple of ancillary motor courts located at either end of the house , vast stretches of lawn bordered by dense stands of mature trees , a reedy private pond with a short dock , a swimming pool and spa and a lighted outdoor tennis/basketball court with open-air viewing pavilion .
As noted by Realtor.com , the estate placed 10th on a list a random list of the “ Top 10 Rapper 's Mansions of 2016 ” but is nonetheless being sold “ as is , ” which along with the lack of interior images suggests there might be some updating and improvements required to bring the place up to speed .
listing photos : Coldwell Banker
Bismah Maroof , Pakistan 's second-most experienced player in ODIs , ruled out of the ongoing # WWC17 https : //t.co/4BF1L5akxS
Jonathan Cheban , whose many appearances on “ Keeping Up With the Kardashians ” have made him a household name throughout the world , has signed with WME for representation in all areas . Cheban 's new venture FoodGod , a social media handle he officially launched a year ago in which he shares his culinary experiences , will be the agency 's primary focus as it endeavors to pursue television and digital development deals .
Cheban , who is managed by Maverick Management 's Larry Rudolph ( Britney Spears , Fifth Harmony ) , has 2.1 million followers on Instagram , 760,000 on Twitter , and more than 200,000 on Snapchat , where his limitless stream of “ food porn ” first got attention . Among the delicacies the influencer helped make viral : rainbow bagels , which Cheban snapped in 2015 .
“ I eat out 365 days a year , ” says Cheban , who also spends most of his year traveling . “ Being FoodGod is everything I love — eating out at the most original and special spots around the world , and sharing those experiences with millions of people daily . I could n't be more excited to have WME join me on this adventure . ”
“ Jonathan is one of those unique individuals who is always on the frontlines of pop culture , ” says Rudolph . “ With FoodGod , he has again hit on the pulse of the people . Everyone loves to eat . And everyone loves to share their food pictures and experiences . Jonathan has found a way to bring it all together in the most delicious way . ”
Adds Cheban , who in 2010 starred “ The Spin Crowd , ” his own show on E ! : “ FoodGod is the first brand to cross over between reality TV and the world of being an influencer . ”
BOSTON -- Why did Red Sox manager John Farrell pinch hit left-handed hitter Mitch Moreland for switch-hitter Sandy Leon in the ninth inning against hard-throwing Yankees left-handed closer Aroldis Chapman ?
Moreland has done most of his damage vs. righties . He 's slashing only .214/.308/.321/.629 with one homer , three doubles and eight RBIs in 65 plate appearances vs. lefties this year .
And by removing Leon , the Red Sox were down to their final catcher , Christian Vazquez , who entered defensively in the bottom of the 10th inning .
Vazquez , a right-handed hitter , also was an option to pinch hit instead of Moreland .
Even ESPN 's Buster Olney questioned the decision :
Surprises me that you burn a catcher here to use a left-handed PH against Chapman . We 'll see . -- Buster Olney ( @ Buster_ESPN ) August 14 , 2017
Farrell chose Moreland because he hit a deep fly ball against Chapman on Friday . Chapman also had just allowed a home run to left-handed rookie slugger Rafael Devers .
That said , Devers became just the second left-handed hitter ever to homer vs. Chapman .
`` After ( Rafael ) Devers goes deep , the swing that Mitch put on the ball Friday night as well , '' Farrell said . `` Again , if we 're going to catch a fastball out front and Mitch is swinging the bat well . We were double-switching anyway . Felt like it was time to get Mitch at first base . Felt like that was the spot we could do it in with Moreland . ''
Moreland replaced Hanley Ramirez at first base in the 10th .
Vazquez , who entered to catch , took Ramirez 's spot in the batting order .
KARACHI : CPEC is translating into reality an amazing prophecy made by the Father of the Nation , Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah , to an American magazine in January 1948 , when he said : ‘ Pakistan is the pivot of the world , placed on the frontier where the future geopolitics will revolve ' .
This was stated by Senator Mushahid Hussain during his keynote address to the CPEC Summit in Karachi , attended by 300 delegates from Pakistan and China .
He said CPEC has already yielded dividends , with 22 Early Harvest Projects on track in energy , infrastructure , Gwadar Port and Special Economic Zones , with an investment of $ 18.8 billion .
At least 60,000 Pakistanis are gainfully employed in Chinese projects , with many more to come , 25,000 Pakistanis are learning Chinese , 22,000 Pakistani students now study in China .
Senator Mushahid Hussain , who has been heading the Parliamentary Committee on CPEC , said as the CPEC Summit has demonstrated with high-level participation from the Federal Government & all the four provinces , there is a broad national consensus on CPEC as the way forward for the progress and prosperity of Pakistan and its people .
He said CPEC is an integral part of President Xi Jinping 's historic ‘ Belt & Road Initiative ' , undoubtedly the most significant diplomatic and developmental initiative of the 21st Century , involving currently some 70 countries of Asia , Africa , Middle East and Europe , indeed , its flagship , its pilot project .
Senator Mushahid Hussain said the balance of economic and political power is shifting from the West to the East , the 21st Century is the Asian Century , China is today , as President Xi Jinping said , ‘ at the Center stage of global politics ' . Pakistan is today the hub of regional connectivity , linking up with China and the Central Asian Republics .
Citing achievements of CPEC in the last 5 years , the Gwadar Port is operational lifting a million tons of cargo in 2017 , Thar is mining coal which will be transformed into electricity , the Western Route connects Quetta with Gwadar via an 8 hour road journey and the nearly 4000 megawatts of electricity produced by CPEC projects will alleviate load shedding .
He said the ‘ best of CPEC is yet to come ' since the Long Term Plan has added to CPEC such areas as Agriculture , Culture , Tourism , IT , education and relocation of Chinese small and medium size industry , which can be absorbed by the 9 Special Economic Zones which are planned in all provinces of Pakistan .
Concluding , Senator Mushahid Hussain cited three major challenges to CPEC : security given the threats of terrorism both within Pakistan and from regional adversaries , psychological warfare from the enemies of China and Pakistan who spread disinformation about CPEC and political stability and continuity of policies on CPEC , which requires that a free , fair and transparent election be held on schedule .
Orignally published by NNI
Band and strings students hoping to cultivate their passion for music can do so this summer thanks to a grant from the Manatee Community Foundation .
The Eugene F. and Elizabeth Hull Fund awarded $ 10,000 to the Pops Orchestra to host `` Camping with the Pops '' at the State College of Florida 's Bradenton location . The immersive , week-long program will begin on Monday , June 25 , and conclude on Friday , June 29 , with a concert open to the public at 8 p.m. in the Neel Performing Arts Center .
Robyn Bell will conduct the SCF Bradenton Symphony Orchestra . PROVIDED PHOTO
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Robyn Bell , Conductor of the Pops Orchestra and Director of Instrumental Studies at SCF , will teach students to `` perform music from Broadway , film scores , jazz and popular music '' with the help of other Pops members , according to a press release .
Students will also `` receive group instruction on their instruments , learn music performance , have master classes and engage with experienced music performers and teachers , '' the press release said .
The Pops Orchestra was founded in 1975 to bring music to all people through `` low ticket prices and varied programming , '' according to the organization 's website . The orchestra has over 60 musicians this season , all of whom are members of the Sarasota/Bradenton community .
To register for auditions , visit thepopsorchestra.org .
PITTSBURGH , Feb. 2 , 2018 - In just two years , the powerful opioid fentanyl went from nonexistent to detected in more than 1 in 7 stamp bags analyzed by the Allegheny County Office of the Medical Examiner , according to an analysis led by the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health . Stamp bags are small wax packets that contain mixtures of illicit drugs , most commonly heroin , packaged for sale and sometimes stamped with a graphical logo by drug dealers to market their contents .
The findings , published in the journal Public Health Reports , suggest that real-time information about stamp bags can be used to supplement current public health surveillance measures and could serve as an early warning of new illegal drugs of high lethality available at the local level . It is the first robust and detailed public health report of a stamp bag surveillance system .
`` We believe this way of examining drug evidence could be expanded upon for use in public health surveillance and monitoring in other regions , '' said lead author Kathleen Creppage , M.P.H. , C.P.H. , a doctoral candidate in Pitt Public Health 's Department of Epidemiology . `` It could be used to inform educational campaigns , allocate limited resources and devise prevention strategies . First responders also could benefit from knowing what drugs are in circulation so they can take proper precautions to protect themselves and be prepared with overdose reversal medications , such as naloxone . ''
In the U.S. , fatal heroin overdoses have increased in the past decade by 300 percent , with fentanyl - a substance that is 20 to 50 times more potent than heroin - and its analogs increasingly contributing to overdoses . The drug often is implicated in clusters of overdose deaths when it is mixed with heroin and users do not realize what they are taking is more powerful than usual .
In Allegheny County , stamp bags seized as evidence by law enforcement authorities are submitted to the county 's Office of the Medical Examiner for testing . The drugs are sorted into batches based on similar characteristics , such as the stamp and color of the drug , and a single bag is randomly selected from each batch for testing .
The research team compiled the medical examiner 's drug chemistry laboratory test results of stamp bag contents from 2010 through 2016 . A total of 16,594 stamp bags were tested by the lab during that period .
Before 2014 , none of the tested bags contained fentanyl . By 2016 it was found in 15.5 percent of the tested stamp bags , with 4.1 percent containing fentanyl as the only controlled substance present .
Toxicology results from overdose victims take weeks or months , and state and national mortality data lag by about 18 months . Drug evidence testing is usually available much more quickly - in Allegheny County it is available for the current month .
`` The face of the current opioid overdose epidemic changes quickly from month to month . The ability to rapidly analyze drugs causing these overdoses , and make that knowledge available to all stakeholders , is critical to efforts to deal with the crisis , '' said co-author Karl E. Williams , M.D. , M.P.H. , Allegheny County Medical Examiner . `` This study of stamp bags results from a unique collaboration based on technical capabilities of my office and the analytic resources of the Pitt Graduate School of Public Health . ''
Stamp bag testing and monitoring should not replace other drug surveillance systems , such as overdose mortality data and toxicology reports , said Creppage , also an intern at the Allegheny County Office of the Medical Examiner .
`` But it can be a powerful complement to these surveillance systems , '' she said . `` The data are available , and we need to identify and explore these different data sources as part of our efforts in understanding and combatting the opioid epidemic . ''
Senior author Anthony Fabio , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , associate professor of epidemiology at Pitt Public Health , added that the work `` is an important step in developing multi-disciplinary tools to quickly identify current and future sources of new drugs that enter the illegal market . ''
# # #
Additional authors on this study are Jeanine Buchanich , Ph.D. , M.Ed. , Thomas Songer , Ph.D. , and Stephen Wisniewski , Ph.D. , all of Pitt Public Health ; as well as Joshua Yohannan , drug chemistry laboratory manager at the Allegheny County Office of the Medical Examiner .
About the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health
The University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health , founded in 1948 and now one of the top-ranked schools of public health in the United States , conducts research on public health and medical care that improves the lives of millions of people around the world . Pitt Public Health is a leader in devising new methods to prevent and treat cardiovascular diseases , HIV/AIDS , cancer and other important public health problems . For more information about Pitt Public Health , visit the school 's Web site at http : //www . publichealth . pitt . edu .
http : //www . upmc . com/ media
Contact : Allison Hydzik
Office : 412-647-9975
Mobile : 412-559-2431
E-mail : HydzikAM @ upmc.edu
Contact : Ashley Trentrock
Office : 412-586-9776
Mobile : 412-529-9092
E-mail : TrentrockAR @ upmc.edu
Washington
US arms control groups have rapped the new nuclear weapons strategy announced by administration of President Donald Trump , saying it could raise the risk of nuclear war .
The latest policy was revealed on Friday in a Pentagon policy statement known as the Nuclear Posture Review ( NPR ) .
The new policy , which came largely to counter Russia , effectively ends Obama-era efforts to reduce the size and scope of the US arsenal and minimize the role of nuclear weapons in defense planning .
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary , saying the US arsenal is tailored to “ prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding ” that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia , or that “ any use of nuclear weapons , however limited , is acceptable . ”
US unveils nuclear arms policy with focus on Russia . The Pentagon has released a new nuclear arms policy that calls for the introduction of two new types of weapons . the report drew blistering criticism from arms control groups , who said the strategy will reduce US and global security .
“ President Trump is embarking on a reckless path — one that will reduce US security both now and in the longer term , ” said Lisbeth Gronlund , a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists .
She said the Trump administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting .
The science advocacy organization also said the new report misrepresents the status of China 's nuclear forces .
“ The gap between China and the United States is too wide to argue that the United States is lagging behind in any meaningful way . In fact , the exact opposite is true . By any measure , the US arsenal is far superior , ” the group said in a statement on its website .
“ If the Trump administration were truly concerned about limiting the size and capability of China 's nuclear forces , ” he added , “ it would ratify the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , which China signed in 1996 , and negotiate a fissile material control treaty , which China supports . Doing so would cap the size of China 's nuclear arsenal . ”
Barry Blechman , co-founder of the Stimson Center , a nonpartisan anti-nuclear proliferation think tank in Washington , has warned that the US is “ on the cusp of a new era of nuclear proliferation . ”
“ This is the great nuclear danger raised by the new ” nuclear policy , Blechman added.—Agencies
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback : Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo 's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor 's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:23 Bradenton police investigate fatal shooting
SATUN , 14 August 2017 ( NNT ) – The Satun Provincial Office of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation is rushing assistance to the southern resort island of Koh Lipe as many residents have been impacted by floods .
Five hundred relief bags and water pumping machines have been delivered to Koh Lipe by the Satun Provincial Office of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation for distribution to local residents after incessant rains resulted in heavy flooding on the island . According to reports , about 400 fishing households as well as a number of shops and resorts are suffering from the disaster . The flood situation has also rendered underground water sources unusable , leading to water shortages .
Full story : NNT
Reporter : Surapan Laotharanarit
National News Bureau Of Thailand
Email Address : Password :
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site .
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use . Security features have been integrated on this site : If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in , the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time .
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization , contact Tracy Bumba .
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party , contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password .
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
The Federal Government on Tuesday ordered all contractors who abandoned projects in the Niger Delta region to return to site immediately .
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo gave the order at a Stakeholders meeting for sustainable development in the Niger Delta region held in Owerri , Imo State .
Osinbajo was disturbed by the long list of projects owned by NNPC and the Niger Delta Development Commission in different parts of the state and said that such practice must stop .
Osinbajo also said that those contractors who collected money and diverted them would be thoroughly investigated and prosecuted .
“ I have today directed that all contractors whose projects have been abandoned must return to site forthwith .
“ They must return and I want to say that all these contracts will be investigated thoroughly .
“ We will investigate every one of the contracts and any one of them found to have diverted funds we will ensure that they are prosecuted and that they are brought to justice .
“ It is not acceptable for anyone to take projects that are meant to offer succour to the people .
“ Especially to the people in oil production communities and to abandon them and them come back and complain that work is n't being done , '' he said .
According to the Acting President the Federal Government will make sure that all of those projects are completed .
“ I must say that it is shocking that over the years , several NNDC projects and the Ministry of Niger Delta have been abandoned by contractors .
“ A long list of abandoned projects have been presented to me ; one has almost 40 abandoned projects ; projects where contracts have been awarded and in some cases money paid , '' he noted .
Accordingly , he said that those involved in the shady deals must be made to account .
He promised the people of Ohaji/Egbema and Oguta , the main oil bearing communities in the state that he would ensure that they got their due share of the oil wealth .
He promised to work with the Niger Delta Power Holding Company to ensure that the abandoned Power plant in Egbema which could produce 300 megawatts of power was completed soon .
Osinbajo also promised to present the request of the state for the conversion of the Skills acquisition centre in the area to a Niger Delta University of Science and Technology to the Federal Executive Council .
He said that the federal government had a new vision for all oil producing areas of the Niger Delta as a fresh commitment of all stakeholders to be involved in the development of the areas .
He said the federal government would partner the states , local governments , oil majors and all in the industry to facilitate the development of the region .
“ Every stakeholder will be involved , '' he assured but added that oil exploitation alone could not ensure the provision of jobs for the teeming youth .
Accordingly , he said it was the business of industrialists to develop industries especially in the petrochemical for more job creation .
He said government would build modular refineries in the region which would engage those involved in building illegal refineries and polluting the environment .
He also noted that it was the intention of the administration to site more power plants in the oil region to utilize the gas resources effectively .
Osinbajo said there was the need to attract investments in the region but stressed the need for peace and secure environment as a precondition .
“ Investments have a choice ; they go to where they will find security , '' he said .
He said the future has now arrived for the oil region but said the stakeholders must address the concerns of the region by ensuring a peaceful environment .
According to him , destroying oil facilities is not the solution but rather providing the facilities and protecting them .
The Acting president urged the people to hold contractors to account , adding that all federal projects meant for the communities must come to them .
He told them that President Muhammadu Buhari took Imo as his home and had pledged that justice would be done to the people .
“ Peace and Justice go together , '' he advised while assuring the state of its fair share in the administration 's social investment programmes
Carla del Ponte , member of the Independent Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic attends a news conference into events in Aleppo at the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , March 1 , 2017 .
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria has gathered enough evidence for President Bashar al-Assad to be convicted of war crimes , a prominent member of the commission , Carla del Ponte , said in remarks published on Sunday .
Del Ponte , 70 , who prosecuted war crimes in Rwanda and former Yugoslavia , announced last week that she was stepping down from her role in frustration at the U.N. Security Council 's failure to continue the commission 's work by setting up a special tribunal for Syria that could try alleged war criminals .
She has not said when she will leave her post .
Asked in an interview with Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung whether there was enough evidence for Assad to be convicted of war crimes , she said : `` Yes , I am convinced that is the case . That is why the situation is so frustrating . The preparatory work has been done . Despite that , there is no prosecutor and no court . ''
The Syrian government led by Assad denies reports by the commission documenting widespread war crimes committed by government-backed forces and Syria 's security services .
Del Ponte , a former Swiss attorney general , joined the three-member Syria inquiry in September 2012 , chronicling incidents such as chemical weapons attacks , a genocide against Iraq 's Yazidi population , siege tactics , and the bombing of aid convoys .
The commission was set up in August 2011 and has regularly reported on human rights violations , but its pleas to observe international law have largely fallen on deaf ears .
Although the United Nations is setting up a new body to prepare prosecutions , there is no sign of any court being established to try war crimes committed in the six-and-a-half year-old war . Nor is there any intention by the U.N. Security Council to refer the situation to the International Criminal Court in the Hague .
`` For six years , the commission has investigated . Now a prosecutor should continue our work and bring the war criminals before a special court . But that is exactly what Russia is blocking with its veto in the U.N. Security Council , '' del Ponte was quoted as saying .
Russia , a close ally of Assad 's government , has a veto on the Security Council as one of its five permanent members .
Asked which of the parties to the conflict the commission had primarily investigated , she said : `` They all committed war crimes . Therefore we investigated all of them . ''
It may be a mixed trading update from Sainsbury this morning but traders like it nonetheless . The result is the shares +1.2 % , in silver medal position on the FTSE100 .
Q1 like-for-like retail sales ( ex-fuel ) of 0.2 % was in-line with Bloomberg consensus , however , groceries +0.5 % was well down on Q4 's +2.1 % and missed +0.7 % consensus . This can be explained by £150m investment in price cuts on meat , fruit , and veg , to remain attractive in an increasingly competitive sector . In terms of channels , however , Online +7.3 % and Convenience +3.6 % is reassuring , helping counter some of the pressure on the more traditional supermarket format .
On the flipside is General Merchandise +1.7 % . This was much stronger than analyst estimates of -0.7 % , a big rebound from -1.2 % in Q4 and , more importantly , bucks three consecutive quarters of contraction . This is likely attracting most attention this morning , vindicating SBRY 's decision to acquire Argos and insert it in its supermarkets . Because it is helping support group revenue growth while groceries clearly remains pressured by fierce sector competition ( market share 15.6 % in the latest Kantar data vs. 16.9 % highs in Jan 2015 ) .
In the vein of revenues being for show and profits for dough , EBITDA synergies of £160m being sought from Argos by next March goes even further to back up the Argos acquisition . Especially with plans to add another 90 stores , expanding and capitalising on the benefit of having two names under one roof . Furthermore , financing of £3.5bn ( “ on attractive terms ) ” has been agreed for the Asda tie-up , something that could further help SBRY revive growth in its grocery offering .
Mike Coupe acknowledges the market remains competitive but he 's confident that “ we have the right strategy in place ” . Could it be that a two-pronged ASDA/Argos strategy changes SBRY 's fortunes ?
Nigerian Breweries Plc has announced the appointment of Mr. Jordi Borrut Bel as the Company 's Managing Director/CEO . The appointment takes effect on January 22 , 2018 .
Mr. Borrut Bel will succeed Mr. Johan Doyer who has served as Managing Director/CEO on an interim basis since June 16 , 2017 . The Board of Directors ( “ the Board ” ) has informed the Nigerian Stock Exchange of the appointment .
Mr. Borrut Bel is currently the Managing Director of HEINEKEN 's subsidiary in Burundi , Brarudi S.A. and a Board member of Bralirwa Limited , Rwanda , also a HEINEKEN subsidiary in Rwanda .
Mr. Borrut Bel joined HEINEKEN Spain in 1997 as Sales Representative and subsequently held increasingly senior management positions in different countries , first as Distribution Project Manager in Slovakia , Brand Manager in France and Trade Marketing Manager at the Head Office in The Netherlands . In 2006 , he returned to HEINEKEN Spain where he evolved in the organization and eventually became the On-Premise and Distribution Director and a member of the Management Team .
Mr. Borrut Bel was appointed the Managing Director of Brarudi S.A. in 2015 and has successfully led the company through a very turbulent period , strengthening the company 's route-to-market and launching successful innovations .
The Board is confident that Mr. Borrut Bel 's track record and broad experience stand him in a very good position to drive Nigerian Breweries Plc ' strategy and consolidate its leadership position in the Nigerian market .
In a related development , the Company has also announced the resignations of Mr. Victor Famuyibo ( Human Resource Director ) and Mr. Hubert Eze ( Sales Director ) from the Board with effect from January 27 , 2018 and January 31 , 2018 respectively . While Mr. Famuyibo 's resignation follows from his attaining the Company 's mandatory retirement age of 60 years , Mr. Eze 's resignation is preparatory to his taking up a higher role in the HEINEKEN organisation .
The Exchange was further notified that Mrs. Grace Omo-Lamai and Mr. Uche Unigwe have been appointed as part of the Management Team of the Company in the positions of Human Resource Director and Sales Director respectively .
Mrs. Omo-Lamai joined the Company on October 23 , 2017 from Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd , where she was the Director of Human Resources . Mr. Unigwe , on the other hand , joined the Company in 1989 as a Trainee Brewer . He is currently the General Manager , HEINEKEN East Africa , based in Nairobi . He resumes in his role as Sales Director on January 15 , 2018 .
Students learn about self-care and coping with stress 298
Filed under News
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
On Jan. 26 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the USU ballroom , the Student Health and Counseling Services ( SHCS ) hosted Speed Up Ur ( Your ) Resilience where approximately 30 students gathered to learn how to cope with stress of the college life .
Speed Up Ur ( Your ) Resilience is an annual event to remind students that self-care is important .
Senior student Anna Kaiyarath is the student coordinator of the event . She said the purpose of the event is to help prepare students for college success .
Instructors offered six workshops covering the topics of heartmath , sleep , self-compassion and happiness , aromatherapy and lavender , exercise and nutrition , mindfulness and self-care .
Kaiyarath said she wants students to know about resources on campus , including the HOPE and Wellness Center located in the Student Health Center . It offers mental and nutritional health counseling .
Mental and physical wellness helps both academically and socially , said Kaiyarath .
The event “ is also a reminder to make sure to take care of themselves in all areas of health such as emotional , physical , mental and occupational . ”
Cheryl Berry is the Mental Health Coordinator for the SHCS and an event host . She led the self-compassion and happiness table .
First-year student Lucia Martinez heard about the event while walking to class , and attended with a friend . She said she learned about self-evaluation .
“ I think it can help people come in touch with themselves and build resilience , ” Martinez said .
WELLINGTON ( Reuters ) - New Zealand is planning to invest more in recycling plants and set up government-led taskforce to work out how to grapple with the fallout from China 's ban on waste imports , its associate environment minister said on Thursday .
New Zealand had been sending 15 million kgs ( 33 million pounds ) - worth around NZ $ 21 million ( $ 14.67 million ) - a year of waste to China , mostly paper and plastics that were now piling up as waste companies scrambled to divert it to processors in South-East Asia .
“ The ban has had a greater impact than the industry expected and we need a coordinated response from central and local government , together with the waste and business sectors , ” Associate Minister for the Environment Eugenie Sage said in an emailed statement .
The government plans to use its existing waste levy to invest in more onshore recycling plants , she added .
China , the world 's biggest importer of plastic waste , has stopped accepting shipments of rubbish , such as plastic and paper , as part of a campaign against “ foreign garbage ” .
The ban has upended the world 's waste handling supply chain and caused massive pile-ups of trash from Asia to Europe , as exporters struggled to find new buyers for the garbage .
Much of New Zealand 's waste had been diverted to processing plants in Indonesia , Malaysia and Thailand , but some stockpiles were building up around the country .
“ We are also looking at options such as expanding the waste levy to more landfills , improving the data we have on waste including recyclables , and other tools to reduce the environment harm of products such as product stewardship , levies and bans , ” Sage said .
Governments in Britain , the European Union and Australia have announced plans to confront growing waste as a result of ban with the British introducing a deposit return scheme for plastic bottles and the EU mulling a plastic tax .
Uruguay 's Luis Suarez celebrates after the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi , Russia , Saturday , June 30 , 2018 . Andre Penner AP Photo
Do you remember Joey and Rory ? Won their 1st Grammy Sunday night for their gospel album… “ Hymns . ”
Lots of us followed Rory last year as he blogged about his wife Joey 's battle with cancer . Joey died on March 4th last year .
Well … Rory Feek 's autobiography… “ This Life I Live : One Man 's Extraordinary , Ordinary Life and the Woman Who Changed it Forever ” came out yesterday . It chronicles his life with Joey and their family .
Backstage at the Grammys… Rory said… .
“ Everyone 's support and love and prayers has been amazing . A year ago when we were going through it all and now too . There have been so many people who have been rooting for us and our story and our baby daughter , it 's been as beautiful as a tragic story can be . That 's all I ask for . ”
I would imagine a must-read for people battling illnesses . Right ? I will definitely be reading it . – Darlene Evans
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Myanmar denied on Friday that there were mass graves in a village in troubled Rakhine state , where a military crackdown on insurgents has triggered the flight of nearly 690,000 minority Rohingya Muslims to neighbouring Bangladesh .
The Associated Press has reported it had confirmed the existence of more than five previously unreported mass graves in the village of Gu Dar Pyin , through interviews with survivors in refugee camps in Bangladesh and through time-stamped cellphone videos .
The Myanmar government 's Information Committee , part of the office of civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi , said in a statement on its Facebook page that local authorities and security officials formed a “ ground team ” that investigated the report .
“ The ground team went to the locations that were mentioned in the AP news story as where the bodies were buried and found out that it is not true , ” the statement said .
“ Besides , they met with local elders and villagers and asked whether there were mass killings or not and the villagers told them that there were none . ”
The statement said , however , that 19 “ terrorists ” had been killed when they attacked security forces in the village in late August and that their bodies had been “ properly buried ” .
Two Rohingya residents , who were still in the village and spoke to Reuters by telephone , disputed the government 's statement and said that there were mass graves there . They said senior military officers visited the area on Friday , took photographs and held a meeting with the villagers .
The residents , who declined to be identified for fear of reprisal , were speaking by telephone to a Reuters reporter at the Balukhali refugee camp in Bangladesh . The reporter was put in touch with them by former residents who have fled Rakhine .
One resident said his father attended the meeting , where officers asked how many people had been killed in the violence , who burned their houses and whether there were mass graves there .
“ The villagers were frightened and said they did n't know how many had died or who had burned their houses but said , yes , there are mass graves here , ” the resident said .
Another resident of the village said three senior military officials arrived late in the morning , took pictures of a mass grave beside his house and then called a meeting at the school .
“ The senior officials are gone now but a large group of military men stayed behind and the villagers are scared , ” the resident said .
Suu Kyi 's spokesman referred requests for comment on the villagers ' description of events to the Rakhine state government . A spokesman from the state government was not immediately available . The military said it had no immediate comment .
The AP 's Director of Media Relations Lauren Easton said the agency stood by its reporting .
Reporters are not allowed access to the area , in the north of Rakhine state . The army launched a sweeping counteroffensive there in response to Rohingya militant attacks on Aug. 25 .
The United Nations has condemned the army 's campaign as ethnic cleansing . Myanmar denies that , saying its forces were carrying out legitimate counterinsurgency operations .
The military has acknowledged that Buddhist villagers and soldiers killed 10 people it described as captured Muslim terrorists and buried them in a grave in the village of Inn Din in early September . It has said action will be taken against those responsible .
One of the ads in the big game Sunday will feature a really big western Iowa bull . A 15-second Cenex commercial features “ Albert the Bull ” , some actors , and some real Audubon residents .
Audubon Chamber of Commerce president Brandon Toft says the Albert spot is expected to air sometime around the third quarter . He says two representatives of Minnesota-based CHS Energy 's advertising branch appeared at the banquet to show the commercial and also a short documentary on Albert .
“ We are going to get more than our 15 seconds of fame . They put together this really nice , it 's about 5 minutes , short documentary on Albert the Bull featuring some members of our community who were either around then , or helped put him together . Kind of some people who everybody knows , ” Toft says .
He was impressed with the documentary . “ It 's just really nicely done , ” Toft says , ” you know you see documentaries on other things and you think that does n't look like it looks here , when it 's kind of made for TV . It was really professionally done . It was just really neat to see . ”
The City was contacted late last Summer about shooting the commercial on location . Albert , who is 53-years old and 28-feet tall , was showing his age , so the town reacted quickly to give him some much-needed repairs . He says they got a grant and got it repainted and made a new sign for Albert .
The filming took place in mid-November . Toft said the residents of Audubon County are excited to see the Cenex ad , which will make a play on the words “ Super Bowl ” and turn it into “ Super Bull. ” And , while the short version of the commercial that debuts on TV for viewers throughout the Midwest Region features mostly actors , at the end , there is a scene featuring members of the community standing in front of Albert . Toft was not present for that particular shot…he was busy with basketball that morning .
( By Ric Hanson/KJAN News Director )
iTunes Official Music Charts for the week ending October 5 , 2017 :
Top Songs
1 . Thunder , Imagine Dragons
2 . Mi Gente ( feat . Beyoncé ) , J Balvin & Willy William
Advertisement
3 . Look What You Made Me Do , Taylor Swift
4. rockstar ( feat . 21 Savage ) , Post Malone
5 . Bodak Yellow , Cardi B
6 . Feel It Still , Portugal . The Man
7 . Sorry Not Sorry , Demi Lovato
8 . Perfect , Ed Sheeran
9 . What Lovers Do ( feat . SZA ) , Maroon 5
10 . 1-800-273-8255 ( feat . Alessia Cara & Khalid , Logic
Top Albums
1 . Greatest Hits , Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
2 . Tell Me You Love Me , Demi Lovato
3 . Younger Now , Miley Cyrus
4 . Now , Shania Twain
5 . The Bigger Artist , A Boogie wit da Hoodie
6 . Evolve , Imagine Dragons
7 . Bluebird of Happiness , Tamar Braxton
8 . Savage , Tank
9 . Wildflowers , Tom Petty
10 . Anthology : Through the Years , Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
__
( copyright ) 2017 Apple Inc .
The alternative investment giant KKR has wrangled a direct lending partnership worth several billion dollars from its rival Blackstone Group .
KKR has entered into an agreement with FS Investments , an alternative investment manager , to create a direct lending platform — known as BDC — with $ 18bn in combined assets under management .
Direct lending ...
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
1:08 Council 's , historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton , reopens for business
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Norwegian Justice Minister Sylvi Listhaug , who was almost certain to lose a no-confidence due later on Tuesday , has resigned in a bid to prevent a collapse of the centre-right minority government .
Norway 's Justice Minister Sylvi Listhaug speaks to the press in the Norwegian parlament after several parties supported a motion of no-confidence against her in Oslo , Norway March 15 , 2018 . NTB Scanpix/Gorm Kallestad via REUTERS
Listhaug provoked anger and dismay earlier this month when she accused the opposition Labour Party of putting “ terrorists ' rights ” before national security , a particularly sensitive topic for Labour which was hit in 2011 by a mass shooting by far right militant Anders Behring Breivik .
Listhaug made her comments after Labour and the Christian Democrats helped defeat a bill allowing the state the right , without judicial review , to strip individuals of Norwegian citizenship if they were suspected of terrorism or of joining foreign militant groups .
Listhaug 's comments triggered a political storm , and she apologised in parliament last week . Opposition parties , however , said her gesture was not sincere enough , and that she should resign .
Norway 's opposition Christian Democrats said on Monday it would join five centre-left parties in backing a no-confidence motion , securing a majority in favour of ousting Listhaug .
The vote in parliament had been scheduled to take place later on Tuesday . Prime Minister Erna Solberg faced the choice of letting Listhaug go , weakening the cabinet and risking a defection by Progress , or to get the whole government to resign .
As I have the opportunity to speak in various locations , including my own church , I find myself preparing more than speaking .
The preparation is vital . I do n't belong to a huge organization where I can have a team of people write my speeches .
Unfortunately , not all of us take the time to prepare . I can tell just from a glance at social media . Facebook , Twitter and at times even Instagram , are places where you can find someone who has posted something without any thought to the consequences .
I 've seen videos of young adults doing drugs on Facebook , ridiculous tweets from politicians , and silly Instagram captions from people who do n't care who they hurt . These examples show we live in an age of superficial relationships when we should strive for relationships based on shared virtues .
A couple of weeks ago someone upset about my last column left a voicemail at my office . I had urged people to write their MPs in regard to the Canada Summer Jobs kerfuffle .
The message went on for at least two minutes and I must have been called judgmental at least six times . But on the flip side I began to think , “ Is n't she judging me ? ”
We are going to judge others , but we need to be more careful in how we judge .
We have laws in Canada that prevent us from expressing ideas in a way that hinders another group . We should not intimidate or terrify another person or group . I agree with these laws . .
In 1948 , the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which says , “ Everyone has the right to opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers. ” That free speech is protected in Canada under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , but the right is not absolute and it should n't be .
Unfortunately , our prime minister is trying to limit free speech by targeting pro-life groups . It should n't matter whether we agree with an agenda or not , we should all be found equal .
Even the Bible expresses the idea of equality . Galatians 3:28 tells us there is neither Jew nor Greek , slave nor free , no male and female , because we are all one .
Romans 10:12 calls on everyone to look to God and he will give generously to all who call on him . This offer is for everyone since we are also told in John 3:16 that God loved the whole world and in 1 Timothy 2:4 that God wants to have a relationship with everyone .
Therefore we should be mindful of this idea of equality , especially when it comes to our social media efforts and our interactions with others . In our times of preparation , we should be willing to think about how we can strive for relationships based upon shared virtues . And our prime minister should do all he can to encourage equality instead of discord .
May we be the better example , to treat people equally , with love and respect for the differing opinions of others .
Jamie Greenwood is lead pastor of Faith Pentecostal Assembly in Glencoe .
Bail for “ Smallville ” actress Allison Mack was set at $ 5 million in a Tuesday hearing at Brooklyn Federal Court as she was released to serve home detention at her parents ' house in Los Alamitos , Calif .
Mack was indicted on April 19 on charges of sex trafficking , sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy in New York federal court . She appeared before Magistrate Viktor V. Pohorelsky at the Brooklyn courthouse in New York 's Eastern District .
The expectation is that Mack is cutting a deal with prosecutors to provide information against Nxivm founder Keith Raniere , who was arrested last month in Mexico and remains in federal custody . A bail hearing for Raniere is set for next week .
Her mother , Melinda Mack , was in court and put up her home in Los Alamitos , Calif. as collateral for the bail , in addition to property and a bank account owned by Allison Mack .
The actress accused of helping run a secretive sex cult appeared in court in gray-green jail scrubs . She spoke softly in court and did not appear to make eye contact with her mother during the hearing . After standing before the judge to sign the bond , Melinda Mack turned her head to watch her daughter being led out of the courtroom .
Related 'Smallville ' Actress Allison Mack Arrested in Sex Cult Case Tom Welling Reflects on Lessons From 'Smallville ' and Talks Returning to TV for 'Lucifer '
Mack was not handcuffed but she kept her hands clasped behind her back during the 15-minute hearing . The petite 35-year-old said few words and stayed grim-faced but nodded repeatedly . Her shoulder-length blond hair was messy .
Later , as Melinda Mack left the courthouse , she and Allison Mack 's attorney , William McGovern , refused to comment on the case .
Allison Mack was released on the condition she serves home detention with electronic monitoring . The conditions of her bail allow her to travel to Southern California and to the New York City area where her criminal attorneys are based . Mack 's attorneys said she intended to return to her parents home as soon as possible .
Mack 's father , opera singer Jonathan Mack , was not in court but is obligated to co-sign her bail collateral arrangement by May 4 . The judge instructed Allison Mack not to associate with anyone connected , past or present , to the Nxivm group that is the source of the sex trafficking charge she faces . According to court documents , Mack is accused of trying to destroy emails , text messages and other material connected with the case against her and Raniere .
Before the hearing , prosecutors and Mack 's attorneys huddled on an agreement to severely restrict Mack 's ability to access the Intenet and online communications . The side agreed to conditions that she would have access to a phone that would limit her to reviewing emails only from her lawyers .
Mack was a regular on the WB Network/CW drama “ Smallville ” throughout its 10-season run . Her arrest in connection with what prosecutors maintain was a brutal sex cult revolving around Raniere has shocked those who worked with her on “ Smallville. ” That show was filmed in Vancouver , where Nxivm has a large following .
Mack is accused of masterminding a scheme with Raniere to recruit young women into a secretive group that purported to be focused on women 's empowerment but in reality served as a sex ring for Raniere and others . The women were instructed to serve as “ slaves ” to male “ masters. ” According to court documents the women were subjected to brutal conditions including extremely restrictive diets to keep them thin , sleep deprivation , and submitting to being scarred by a branding tool with a symbol that incorporated Raniere 's initials .
The home security camera market has taken a big hit in recent months , becoming the poster child for “ bad security behavior ” when people talk about the security ( or lack thereof ) of Internet of Things . Last year 's highly publicized DDoS attack on Dyn highlighted insecure cameras being used as part of a botnet ; vulnerabilities were also found in Chinese-based security cameras and at least one Samsung SmartCam product . In the U.S. , the FTC filed a complaint against D-Link over claims that their webcams were “ secure ” .
So security is now top of mind when it comes to new products being introduced . In this case , I received a review sample of the Samsung SmartCam PT ( $ 179 , Amazon ) , a pan-and-tilt model ( 96-degree field of view , 155-degree tilt and 350-degree pan ) that offers users more advanced features like 1080p HD live streaming , auto tracking ( the camera moves with any subject moving ) , motion zone select and privacy mode ( you can tell the camera to tilt it 's lens down 80 degrees ) . But lingering over these new features is the question about how secure the camera is and whether you should trust the camera to not be taken over by hackers ( especially if you 're using it to track things inside your house ) .
Setup via app
Like previous models of the SmartCam line , setup is achieved by downloading a mobile app ( iOS or Android , I tested with iOS ) , then following the instructions on the app to install the camera . With the app running , you push a button on the camera in order to connect your phone to the pre-installed Wi-Fi SSID and password . You can then direct the camera to configure to your existing Wi-Fi network and password to complete the setup .
The SmartCam app lets you install multiple cameras in this way . In my case , the app had registered a previous SmartCam , which was now offline . I could n't delete the camera from the app , it was n't until later when I could access the cameras through the web browser , that I could delete the old camera .
The SmartCam PT is powered by a USB cable attached to a standard power plug – the cable is longer than typical USB cables seen in other cameras , so getting good placement within your home should n't be too much of a problem . The camera is designed to be an indoor camera , so in theory you would be relatively close to a power outlet . The package also comes with a plastic base/bracket and screws if you want to mount the camera on a wall – the base allows the camera to be placed and retain its pan/tilt features .
Keith Shaw / Network World Icons describing all of the different things you can do on the Samsung SmartCam PT ( composite image from four screens )
The app : Features , features , and more features !
The SmartCam app is a jumbled mess of options – it feels like the makers wanted to show you everything the camera can do – and then some – right on the same screen . After accessing the camera , you get four instructional pop-up windows that indicate what the different icons on the interface mean .
Here 's the list :
Save video to cell phone
Save video to microSD card
Save as an image to the cell phone
Initiate two-way conversation
Select video resolution
Melody on ( choose from different siren types : Police Siren , Alarm Siren or Dog Barking )
Adjust camera brightness
Reverse a screen in the left-right/up-down/diagonal axis
Configure a motion zone event
Audio recording and listening
Switching to the privacy mode ( pans the camera down so you get a black screen )
Switch the camera direction
Go to the Home Position
Auto tracks a person or object
Go to a set position
Save the direction of a camera to move
Play video in enlarged view ( up to 4 times )
Move and watch a video
Most of these icons show up on the bottom of the interface during the live view of the camera ; in addition to the other options that overlay the image from the camera . Some , if not all of these features might be better enabled through menus in a Settings option rather than on the live display . For example , choosing which siren option to play , then just having a button that initiates the siren . In addition , settings like setting the motion zone is better handled through the web interface or tablet than on a tiny mobile phone display .
Keith Shaw / Network World Overlays and icons on the live image view tend to mar the `` live video '' experience and confuse the user .
Fun with PTZ
The main reason you 'd buy this particular model is for its pan and tilt feature . This gives you a 350-degree pan ( left to right ) and 155-degree tilt ( up/down ) , along with a pretty wide field of view . This gives you the benefit of being able to see an entire room more so than other fixed cameras , which have smaller ranges .
This feature also enables the company 's Auto Tracking feature , which will move the camera around once it detects motion – so if your dog comes into the room , the camera will follow it around . This can be very helpful in terms of catching someone breaking into the house – the extra time can be useful in identifying intruders .
The privacy mode is also very impressive – by enabling this mode , the camera tilts downward 80-degrees , effectively blocking the lens from capturing any images . This feels like a mode to help ease the mind of the end user – it 's saying , “ well , there 's still a possibility that hackers can break into the camera , but if this mode is enabled they wo n't be able to see anything. ” I liken this to the putting duct tape over your webcam lens approach of security . Privacy mode can also be scheduled via the web browser settings – you can tell the camera to go into privacy mode during specific days and hours of the week ( like when you 're at home ) .
Keith Shaw / Network World High-res and low-res images from the Samsung SmartCam PT .
Image and video quality
Image quality from the 1080p camera was very good – a crisp , clean image was possible most of the time . The camera has some features to help improve images and video . First , depending on your broadband network speed , you can choose low , medium or high resolution . The camera also features two image correction features – LDC and WDR labels offer image distortion improvements and backlight compensation features to help correct bad lighting scenarios . The Night Vision mode was fun to use – you can watch live night vision mode to watch the room in the dark , which gives off a very Paranormal Activity vibe to it .
You can use the app or the web interface to take snapshots from the camera , which can be saved to the phone , your computer 's hard drive ( if using the web interface ) . Motion-detected recordings can only be saved to an inserted microSD card ( up to 128GB , card not included ) . The company has started a cloud service ( SmartCloud ) , but it 's currently only available for the SmartCam HD Plus ( SNH-V6414BN ) camera , not this one .
Yeah , but is it secure ?
The big question , of course , is whether the camera is secure . As they say in the security industry , “ nothing is 100 % secure ” , it 's just a matter of how much security you put into the product . The makers of the camera are certainly trying , or at least they 're trying harder to secure the devices than seen in previous models ( considering the SmartCam SNH-1011 was found to have a big vulnerability ) .
For this camera , you can only set it up via the app , which requires an account and password . You then have to set up a camera password that you have to enter every time you login to view the live image .
An nmap scan of the camera revealed eight open ports , but no major services or vulnerabilities were discovered . A scan of some other cameras on the Cool Tools network showed no open ports , so I 'm a bit concerned about why the camera would need those ports to be opened .
Checking to see whether the firmware was updated was more difficult than I wanted – you have to check via the web browser interface , and even then there 's no button that would let you install new firmware . Perhaps it was because I was using the most recent firmware that I did n't need to install it , we 'll see what happens if they do a firmware update and whether it 's automatic or not .
So my answer to the question above is “ Ummm , well ... ” As long as you practice good security behaviors ( difficult password creation , keep the firmware updated and change the passwords regularly ) , you should be able to feel somewhat confident about the security of the camera .
Bottom line : I liked some of the advanced features of this camera , especially the pan , tilt , night vision and privacy mode options . But the app and user interface is too jumbled for my liking – I get that you want to show off how many features you have , but a better job needs to be done on organizing the app and explaining these features to the end user .
Grade : 3 stars ( out of five ) .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan 's Financial Services Agency said on Friday it had been urging Coincheck to fix vulnerabilities in its computer system before hackers stole $ 530 million of digital money from the cryptocurrency exchange .
The financial regulator said the system vulnerability was among the reasons that Coincheck had not yet received official approval as an exchange .
Students and faculty , including Stefan Keilich , center , a mechanical engineering student , prepared last Wednesday to test launch a camera-carrying balloon at the University of Hartford in West Hartford , Conn . The team from the University of Bridgeport and the University of Hartford are part a project that will send cameras into the stratosphere to photograph this month 's solar eclipse . ( Photo : Pat Eaton-Robb / AP )
Washington — The moon will block out the sun , and day will plunge into night . Birds will stop singing , crickets will start chirping , and many people will gasp , weep , or even howl when they see the sun 's corona shimmering in the darkened sky .
And some drivers , inevitably , will stop in the middle of the road to take a selfie .
The Aug. 21 total eclipse will cut directly across 14 states , from Oregon to South Carolina . About 200 million people live within a day 's drive of the “ path of totality , ” and millions are expected to flock there for the event . Every other state , including Alaska and Hawaii , will see a partial eclipse .
Transportation officials are worried not only about massive traffic jams but potential crashes that could result from drivers focusing on the skies , not the road .
Officials across the country say they 're doing all they can to put out the word to eclipse-watchers , using press releases , videos , public appearances and social media . But in the end , they caution , it 's up to locals and visitors to follow common sense rules to stay safe .
“ Do n't stand on the interstate . Do n't pull your car over . Do n't take a selfie from a bridge , ” said Doug Hecox , a Federal Highway Administration spokesman . “ The risk of driver distraction from this once-in-a lifetime event has never been greater . We do n't want anyone to have an ‘ eclipse in judgment . ' ”
Lloyd Brown , spokesman for the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials , agreed that “ an eclipse is clearly a transportation issue . We 're concerned that people will be driving down the road and just stop their cars and look up . They need to be safe in a situation like this . ”
Officials are urging motorists to plan ahead and find a safe spot to view the eclipse . They say pulling onto the shoulder of a highway is a bad idea because it could block emergency vehicles from getting through and put drivers who get out to watch the event at risk of being struck by a car . And motorists on local streets need to pay special attention to pedestrians and cyclists , who may themselves be focused on the eclipse .
State transportation officials recommend that people find an event or designated location to safely watch the eclipse . Many state parks , for example , are hosting events or reserving areas to accommodate campers and day visitors .
But drivers , whether they follow that advice or not , could find themselves stuck in place for many hours , well after the eclipse has ended .
“ People are thinking they 're just going to pop in , see it , and then turn around and head back home . They 're not , ” said Dave Thompson , a spokesman for the Oregon Department of Transportation . “ They need to be prepared for long backups and have a full tank of gas and stuff in their car like water and food and medications they might need . ”
State transportation agencies are working with police and emergency management officials to plan for the major traffic jams many areas are expecting .
“ The best advice is to find a safe location , arrive there early , stay put , and leave late , ” said Matt Hiebert , a Missouri Department of Transportation spokesman who is heading up an eclipse task force for the state transportation officials association .
A total solar eclipse occurs when the moon completely blocks the sun . In the 14 states , there will be darkness for a few minutes in most areas of the eclipse 's direct path . In other parts of the country , the sun will be partially eclipsed by the moon . All phases of the eclipse from beginning to end will last up to three hours , depending on the area .
For many , the coast-to-coast total eclipse will be a once-in-a-lifetime event . The next one wo n't occur until 2045 .
The last time a total eclipse was visible across North America was 1918 . That year , there were only 6 million cars in the U.S . In 2015 , the latest year data are available , there were nearly 264 million .
Twenty-one interstates are going to be in the total eclipse 's band , the so-called path of totality .
As a safety precaution , many of the 14 states in the direct path plan to suspend road construction projects , according to Hiebert . But motorists who pass through them still need to be alert because there may be merged lanes , cones , barrels and other equipment on-site .
Another concern is that people may want to take photos of the eclipse while they 're driving , which officials warn would be extremely dangerous .
For anyone viewing the eclipse , the only safe way to observe it directly is by using special-purpose solar filters , such as “ eclipse glasses ” or hand-held solar viewers . Officials worry some people may wear the glasses while driving — another no-no .
“ These glasses are designed to look at an intensely bright light , and you ca n't wear them and drive , ” Hiebert said . “ It 's almost like wearing a blindfold . You wo n't be able to see out of them . ”
State transportation agencies in the direct path of the eclipse have been gearing up for the big event for months .
In Idaho , officials are estimating as many as a million people could descend on the state . The state transportation department has been working to identify locations that could become bottlenecks and trying to figure out ways to control traffic .
In Missouri , where officials are preparing for as many as 1.2 million eclipse-watchers , the transportation agency is coordinating with the highway patrol , which will monitor the capacity of state rest areas and welcome centers , where hordes are expected to gather . Once those areas reach capacity , troopers will shut them down , barring additional drivers from entering .
And in Oregon , which is expecting up to a million visitors and is experiencing a severe drought , transportation officials are concerned that the eclipse is occurring in the middle of wildfire season . They have issued an alert to drivers about how easily a vehicle can spark a blaze .
“ If you pull into a weedy area and the undercarriage is very hot , your exhaust pipe can ignite a fire , ” said Thompson , the Oregon spokesman . “ Oil leaks can start one too . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2w7P6zW
New library phone number
The West Alexandria Library has a new phone and fax number . The new phone number is ( 937 ) 533-4095 , and the new fax number is ( 937 ) 533-4119 .
Libraries closed Oct. 9
All Preble County District Library locations will be closed on Monday , Oct. 9 for the library 's annual staff training day .
Kids and families
Eaton Library Story Time Registration
Registration for fall story times at the Eaton Library is now open . Story times will run from Oct. 4 through Nov. 9 . There are several sessions available for different age groups from 6 months to 12 years old . Story times will be held weekly . Call ( 937 ) 456-4331 with any questions or to register .
Maker Space Grand Opening !
The Eaton Library will unveil its new Maker Space to the public on Saturday , Oct. 14 at 1 p.m . The library has already been using the equipment for the children 's filmmaking programs , but all technology will be open to the public . See the 3D printer , Silhouette Cameo vinyl cutter , DSLR camera , and computer loaded with design apps ! We 'll give tours during the grand opening and have other hands-on activities and refreshments .
Magic Show with Brad Eickhoff
Bring the kids to the Camden Library on Tuesday , Oct. 17 at 5:30 p.m. to be astounded by magician Brad Eickhoff ! All ages are welcome !
Homeschool Hour : Meteorology
Learn about meteorology at October Homeschool Hour at the Eaton Library ! We 'll learn about different types of weather and its causes . Also , try your hand at being a meteorologist by filming a news forecast in front of a green screen , just like on TV ! Registration is required for Homeschool Hour . This program will be on Wednesday , Oct. 18 at 3 p.m. , and it will repeat the following week , Wednesday , Oct. 25 at 3 p.m .
Lego Club
The Eaton Library will have a monthly Lego program when school-age children can build , complete challenges , or just have fun . It will meet the last Monday of each month from 4-5 p.m . The next Lego Club program is Monday , Oct. 30 at 4 p.m .
Children can use the library 's Lego collection . If you bring Legos from home , please bring them in a container labeled with your child 's name .
Teens
Zombie Survival
How much have you learned from dystopian and apocalyptic teen lit ? In this fun challenge , you 'll test your skills for surviving an outbreak of zombies ! Can you barricade a door ? Can you lead a group ? Decide with your team how to use your available resources to hide , fight , and survive . This program is for grades 6-12 , and it 's Tuesday , Oct. 10 at 3:30 p.m .
Fuse Beads
For teens in grades 6-12 : use patterns or create your own design with perler beads . We 'll build our designs , then heat the beads to join them together permanently . This program will travel around to library branches . All supplies provided by the library . Call ahead to register for the program to ensure your library has enough supplies .
West Alexandria Library on Wednesday , Oct. 11 at 3 p.m. ( 839-4915 )
Pasta Party
Celebrate National Pasta Day with a pasta party at the Eaton Library on Tuesday , Oct. 17 at 3:30 p.m . Remember making macaroni necklaces and pasta picture frames ? We 'll see how much your carb crafting has improved .
Adults
Genealogy Lock-in
Join the researchers at the Preble County Room at 450 S. Barron St. in Eaton to take the next step in your genealogy search . Whether you 're just getting started on your family tree or looking for a few more branches , research assistance will be available at the Night Owl Prowl , the Preble County Room 's genealogy lock-in from 5-10 p.m. on Saturday , Oct. 7 .
Take advantage of the many historical research documents available at the Preble County Room , and enjoy access to the Ancestry.com library edition , which is available at any computer inside the eight PCDL locations . Bring a snack to share with your fellow genealogists .
Book Sales
The New Paris Branch Library 's fall book sale is set for Oct. 10-14 , during regular library hours ( closed Thursday ) . Get there early for the best selection of fiction , nonfiction , adult , children , and YA books ! All sales are by donation only .
The Friends of the West Alexandria Library will also have their book sale at the Village 's Oktoberfest on Oct. 14 and 15 . This is also by donation only .
Microsoft Publisher
Learn the basics of Microsoft 's desktop publishing program at the Eaton Library on Thursday , Oct. 12 at 6 p.m. We 'll discuss using templates , moving objects , adding text and pictures , and more . Then you 'll use your new skills to create a basic flyer . Previous computer experience is required .
Halloween and fall crafts
Make fun crafts this fall at your local library :
Make Halloween Bath Bombs at the Eaton Library on Thursday , Oct. 5 at 6:30 p.m .
Craft dryer vent pumpkins at the Camden Library on Thursday , Oct. 12 at 6:30 p.m .
Make pumpkin crafts at the New Paris Library on Tuesday , Oct. 17 at 6:30 p.m .
Book Clubs
Two library branches have book club meetings on Thursday , Oct. 19 .
At 4 p.m. , the West Elkton Library will have its monthly book club meeting . At 6:30 p.m. , the Eaton Library 's Book Discussion group will talk about ‘ Where 'd You Go , Bernadette ' by Maria Semple .
Creative Writing Group
Do you like to write ? Want some feedback on your writing ? The next meeting of the Eaton Library Creative Writers ' Group is Thursday , Oct. 26 at 6:30 p.m . If you have a written piece you would like to share , please bring it to the meeting . You will not be expected to share but you are certainly welcome to do so ! Writing activities and prompts will be provided for those who need a little extra inspiration .
Southern Ohio Supernatural
Meet some real ghost hunters and hear some of their most exciting stories at the Eaton Library on Saturday , Oct. 28 at 1 p.m .
Southern Ohio Supernatural is a family investigating the paranormal . After a lifetime of strange experiences , they started their own investigating team .
Ever since breaking up — and getting back together — earlier this year , Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik have dealt with plenty of nosy fans ' comments about their relationship . Unfortunately , that includes comments from people determined to prove that Hadid and Malik 's relationship is n't what it seems . But in an Instagram comment this week , Gigi Hadid defended her relationship with Zayn Malik , shutting down the supposed reasons why their relationship is n't real .
Hadid 's clapback came in an Instagram comment on the private fan account @ exposingfakeasszigiii . Bustle was able to follow the account and confirm that Hadid left the comment , which was preserved by a fan Twitter account . In her comment , Hadid asked the account to stop posting about her relationship with the former One Direction member . She wrote , in part :
`` I really have no hard feelings towards you I just know what a beautiful world there is to go out and live in instead of trying to dissect a relationship between two people that you do n't even know and that you do not see 99 % of ... for someone who is virtually inactive on the app , I do n't need his follow- my eyes are tattooed to his chest . ''
Hadid 's comment appears to be a reference to the fact that Malik does n't follow her on Instagram , as E ! News pointed out . But she has a good point — getting inked in someone 's honor is way more of a commitment than watching their every move on social media .
The model went on to write that this would be her `` last comment on this matter . '' She said what she needed to say , and it sounds like she 's not too concerned with whether or not the people behind the fan account believe her . She wrote :
`` You guys can call it promo but I just post about my boyfriend like anyone else , whether I support z or he supports me is out of love and excitement for one another . There 's nothing to figure out all the time… give it a break . ''
Hadid should n't have had to defend her relationship to a random stranger online . But in the age of social media , celebrities seem to be scrutinized for everything they do , including who they choose to follow — or not follow — on Instagram . ( For the record , Malik is only following 29 Instagram accounts , most of which are fan accounts for himself . ) There 's not necessarily a deeper meaning or significance behind stars ' Instagram actions . Reading too much into things , like who Malik is following , does n't really help anyone .
After her original comment , Hadid also responded to a fan who said she should have DM 'd the account instead of making her comment publicly . `` This is all just very frustrating and I 'm only human , '' Hadid wrote . Her comments are a good reminder that when you write something about someone online , even a celebrity , they very well might see your post and be affected by it .
Fortunately , it seems like Hadid is n't too bothered by the whole ordeal with the fan account . On Wednesday afternoon , she shared a photo from what looks like her Fourth of July celebration . There are plenty of burgers and hot dogs to go around — bonus points to the model for putting the buns on the grill and not just the meat — and it looks like she 's living her life and having an awesome time , no matter what anyone else has to say about it .
For his part , Malik also shut down the gossip about their relationship not being authentic during his cover interview for GQ , published on June 18 . `` If a relationship is for your career , you can f * cking walk out the door . No way . See you later , '' Malik told GQ . So it 's safe to say he would n't tolerate an inauthentic relationship , either . And if anyone chooses to doubt that , well , the two of them will just keep being mega-famous stars .
Selma Blair recently made headlines for speaking out of turn in an interview in which she declared Cameron Diaz had retired from acting .
“ I had lunch with Cameron the other day . We were reminiscing about the film . I would have liked to do a sequel , but Cameron 's retired from acting . She 's like , ‘ I 'm done , ' ” Blair said , recalling a recent conversation she and Diaz had about “ The Sweetest Thing . ”
Blair clarified her words on Twitter , saying she was just joking in the interview , but her comments still generated considerable buzz — not just regarding Diaz 's career , but a potential sequel to their 2002 film , “ The Sweetest Thing . ”
In light of Blair 's desire to do a sequel to the rom-com , Variety reached out to the creative team behind “ The Sweetest Thing ” to get a reality check on a possible sequel .
While nothing is in the works , both the original director and writer could be on board to eventually develop a follow-up film .
“ No discussions about a sequel , but I dance around with ideas in my head about doing it all the time , ” writer Nancy Pimental tells Variety . “ We seem to have a consistent and loyal following that I am grateful for . ”
Director Roger Kumble , who also worked with Blair on “ Cruel Intentions , ” deferred to Pimental on any plans for a sequel to “ The Sweetest Thing , ” but added , “ Nothing would make me happier than to work with all those incredibly talented people . ”
“ The Sweetest Thing ” starred Diaz , Blair , Christina Applegate , and Thomas Jane . The rom-com , which was first panned by critics , went on to make nearly $ 70 million at the box office on a $ 43 million budget .
`` We need to dial it down ''
Vandals left their mark on the Republican Party headquarters in Lincoln early Tuesday morning .
Someone used bricks to smash the front window then spray painted `` Abolish Ice '' on the sidewalk .
Advertisement
`` Clearly this message was sent because of Republican stance on immigration , '' Nebraska GOP executive director Kenny Zoeller said .
A newspaper carrier discovered the vandalism around 3 a.m and called police .
Zoeller condemned the act and called it disappointing .
`` We need to dial it down . Whether it 's Republicans , Democrats or independents , we can not accept this , '' Zoeller said .
He said the vandalism is not surprising , considering what he says , is increasingly radical rhetoric to push back on Republicans at any cost .
`` Whether it 's a legislative candidate eluding that Republicans are racists if they have differing view from her , or the if it 's the chair of the Democratic Party calling for civil disobedience , '' Zoeller said .
Former GOP chairperson J.L . Spray also questioned how actively Lincoln police , under a Democratic mayor , has investigated crimes against Republicans .
He pointed to two recent events involving Gov . Pete Ricketts and U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer where he said there was vandalism .
`` So far there has been a lot of tepidness on the part of the Police Department in Lincoln , I not quite sure why , '' Spray said .
Both the Lincoln mayor and police chief responded to the comments in separate statements .
Mayor Chris Beutler called the vandalism , committed because of political disagreement , as reprehensible and should never be tolerated .
He said , `` It is insulting to suggest that Lincoln police officers would ever put politics above their job to protect and serve our community . ''
Chief Jeff Bliemeister said , `` Every criminal investigation deserves our best efforts and this incident is no different . ''
Nebraska Democratic chairperson Jane Kleeb said reached out to Republican party leaders as soon as she heard what happened and condemned the act .
She said the Democratic party does stand up for issues but never stands for violence .
`` And for the Republican Party to use this moment when we should be calling and leaning on each other , to try and use it to try and get some political hits on me personally or our candidates is disgusting , '' Kleeb said .
She is encouraging candidates from all parties to make joint appearance , including non-political events , to show civility .
`` Rather than going at each other 's throats , we could be showing service to our state , '' Kleeb said .
Lincoln police ask citizens who know who might be responsible to call Lincoln Crimestoppers at 402-475-3600 .
AlertMe
In an emotional post on Twitter , Halle Berry has opened up about new sexual assault allegations brought against her former manager , Vincent Cirrincione .
It was reported in January 2016 that Berry had parted ways with Cirrincione , having worked with him for twenty years . Now , Berry is making it clear that she is `` livid '' regarding the abuse her former manager carried out while she was working with him .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She said , `` Yesterday I was saddened by the allegations against my former manager , Vincent Cirrincione , but today I 'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of his abuse toward 9 women . ''
She added :
`` I 'm livid that he used me , and the role model he helped me become , to lure and manipulate innocent , vulnerable women of color for his predatory actions . I 'm deeply hurt and I want these women and countless others to know I see you . I hear you . You matter . I will fight for you . ''
Cirrincione allegedly coerced aspiring actresses for his own benefit , promising them roles in return for sexual favors . According to USA Today , Cirrincione would apparently namedrop Berry and Empire 's Taraji P. Henson , showcasing their work as his success stories .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Washington Post spoke to the nine women accusing Cirrincione of sexual misconduct , detailing the extremely troubling abuse that appears to have been carried out by a man in a powerful position .
In particular , The Washington Post highlights the fact that several of the women said `` they viewed Cirrincione , who is white , as an important gatekeeper for black actresses in an industry notoriously difficult to break into . '' The nine women accusing Berry 's former manager— '' eight African Americans and one Asian American '' —were allegedly subjected to this sexual misconduct , and immense abuse of power , over a period of two decades .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 12 ( APP ) : Lok Virsa would organize a seminar on “ Folk Culture and Heritage Management ” to revitalize and celebrate folk traditions that are the root of the creative , emotional , social and spiritual aspects of people 's lives .
In this 10-day seminar to be held from December 18 , “ we will discuss strategies , tools and methodologies of culture management and heritage preservation ' said Executive Director Lok Virsa Dr. Fouzia Saeed . She said that this course is free for the selected participants .
The seminar is being arranged by US Embassy in Islamabad , Lok Virsa , Boston University , American Institute of Pakistan Studies ( AIPS ) , Interactive Resource Centre ( IRC ) and AUTAQ – a Network of Cultural Organisations of Pakistan .
Professor of Religion and Anthropology , Boston University Dr Frank J. Korom will also attend the seminar .
The seminar would be attended by 40 individuals upon submitting essay based applications to show interest in attending the course . The participants would also be given certificates on completion of ten-day seminar .
The seminar would be concluded on December 28 .
Petersburg school officials say a funding cut passed by the state Senate would cost the district hundreds of thousands of dollars . The Senate passed a budget this month with a five percent cut to education money that goes to school districts .
Superintendent Erica Kludt-Painter traveled to Juneau for a legislative fly-in this month and after told the school board it was a frustrating weekend .
“ I felt a little bit like a pawn and that was sort of how a lot of the administrators felt that were there and there were a lot of different people around but the Senate dropping the bomb last week about a five percent cut at this stage of the game , this time in the budget cycle , or the year , really can only be seen as a game of some sort really , ” Kludt-Painter said . “ So it was a little frustrating to try and have conversations with legislators about that . ”
While the Senate 's budget has a five percent cut , the House has passed a budget with flat funding , no reduction to school money and the two chambers have to negotiate the final budget bill from those two .
The district 's finance director Karen Quitslund said a five percent cut to Petersburg 's state funding would equate to 335,000 dollars less for the district .
“ The five percent decrease to foundation if that passes we 're going to receive , if we take the legislative numbers 335,000 ( less ) or funding of just over 5.8 million , ” Quitslund said . “ Probably more realistically we 're going meet somewhere in between flat and five percent . I do n't know if it will come in at two and a half percent but I just wanted to show , even at a two and a half percent increase it 's still 167,000 dollars . It 's a lot of money . ”
The board has not yet talked about what those cuts could mean to school spending levels . The district does have some positive budget news this year . A small increase in enrollment is expected with 479 students projected in the three schools next year . Quitslund also expects savings on health insurance costs to the district and its employees . Other savings are expected in utility bills if the borough finalizes a reduced electrical rate for the schools . The new fiscal year for the schools starts in July and proposed budget is not expected out until later this spring .
Dunstable Town 's miserable Easter was completed with a second defeat to a side fighting to avoid the Southern League Premier relegation trapdoor .
St Neots ' 2-0 victory ensured their survival in the division . The Blues gave a decent performance but the lack of firepower up front was once again apparent – they have n't scored since the first day of April .
The incentive to win was with the home side but Blues boss Tony Fontenelle was determined to force a more positive response from his team . He fielded a more or less unchanged side and up until about a couple of minutes before St Neots scored their opener had done reasonably well .
From the onset Claudio Diaz showed the right aggressive response . Jack Green had an interesting but inconclusive run in possession and a James Verney cross was earnest but too close to Archer .
Harry Bean was lively and intent and he put in a fair cross for Diaz which was cleared by Fernando Bell-Toxtle .
The Saints then imposed themselves , underlined by Lewis Wilson 's volley over the crossbar . Dunstable forced two successive corners with Bradley Hewitt heading over the better of the two .
The hosts deservedly opened the scoring after 34 minutes when Declan Rogers ' free kick was emphatically headed beyond Jack Smith by Lee Clarke .
A James Verney cross was headed goalbound but cleared and his Luton counterpart Bean saw a diagonal shot go wide .
In the second period there was a suggestion of a resurgence , as Verney 's early cross needed a sound punch clear from Archer . A cross from Bean saw Oyinsan perform a back-header that cleared the bar .
St Neots always looked dangerous – and they had more than one incident that could have added to their lead . They finally managed it with six minhutes from time when Smith saved the first effort from Jevani Brown but then hauled down the same player as he went for a second go . Brown got up to convert the penalty .
Basement side Cinderford Town come to Creasey Park for the final game on Saturday .
DUNSTABLE TOWN
Jack Smith , cautioned , Zack Reynolds , cautioned , Harry Bean , David Longe-king , Bradley Hewitt , Adam Pepera , captain , James Verney , ( Adam moussi , 65 minutes , ) , Claudio diaz , ( Danny Green , 70 minutes ) , Josh Oyinsan , cautioned , Jack Green , Nathan Olukanmi , ( Jet Esso , 83 minutes ) , other substitutes – Jordan Odofin and Tony Fontenelle .
Referee- Tim Donnellan , assisted by Laurentiu Hantea and Daniel Robinson .
BEIJING , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - China 's Dalian Commodity Exchange will allow foreign investment in domestic iron ore futures trading , the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) said on Friday .
CSRC spokesman Chang Depeng told a press conference in Beijing that relevant preparations were under way to make the long-awaited move that will allow foreigners to participate , without providing a time frame . ( Reporting by Tom Daly ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Detroit won the game , but lost a key contributor . With a month until the season starts , the team has to figure out where it 's going to get its pass rush . Justin Rogers , The Detroit News
Lions rookie wide receiver Kenny Golladay makes a reception along the Colts sideline in the first quarter . Golladay had two touchdown catches in the Lions ' 24-10 victory Sunday in Indianapolis . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
Indianapolis — There was good news and bad news in the Detroit Lions ' 24-10 exhibition victory Sunday over the Indianapolis Colts .
The good , beyond the convincing win , was the performance of Kenny Golladay . The much-hyped rookie receiver delivered in his pro debut , hauling in 15- and 23-yard touchdown passes from backup quarterback Jake Rudock .
“ It was a great feeling , a little bit surreal , ” Golladay said . “ I 've just been putting the work in and I was just happy to see it all unfold . ”
The bad news came in the form of an injury . Defensive end Kerry Hyder , the team 's sack leader a year ago , had to be carted off the field . Based on coach Jim Caldwell 's comments after the game , it appears Hyder will be lost for the season .
“ He has a significant Achilles injury , ” Caldwell said . “ The doctors will take a look at it further . It does n't look good . ”
BOX SCORE : Lions 24 , Colts 10
Detroit 's starters played various lengths in the first half . The team yanked all of its first-team offensive weapons after one series — a four-play , 38-yard drive that ended when quarterback Matthew Stafford 's pass deflected off the hands of receiver Marvin Jones and was intercepted by Colts linebacker John Simon .
The starting offensive line , sans right guard T.J. Lang , stayed on the field for much of the first half . With the spotlight squarely on left tackle Greg Robinson , he performed well , especially protecting his quarterbacks . He allowed just one pressure in 25 pass-blocking snaps , according to Pro Football Focus .
“ I have to look at the film to judge , ” Caldwell said . “ But I know he 's been making steady gains , in terms of knowledge and positioning . …We 're pretty pleased with him up to this point . ”
Rudock delivered a quality performance in Stafford 's stead , completing 13-for-21 for 142 yards , two touchdowns and no interceptions . He also scrambled twice for 24 yards and a pair of first downs .
“ You can see the difference between this year and last year , ” Caldwell said . “ You can see he has a better grasp of things around him . …He made a few plays and minimized mistakes . Did a nice job moving the ball with that group . ”
The Lions opened the scoring with 5:43 remaining in the first quarter when Rudock connected with the 6-foot-4 Golladay for a 23-yard score . The receiver did much of the work on the 50-50 ball , adjusting and coming back to the short throw against tight coverage .
“ He 's got size and he can run pretty well , too , obviously , ” Rudock said . Whenever you have a go route to the outside , ( his size ) makes it a little easier to say , ‘ Hey , I 'm going to give this guy a shot . ' Even if they 're kind of even . ”
After a Colts field goal cut the deficit to four , the pair hooked up again in the second quarter when Rudock delivered a well-placed ball to the rookie from 15 yards out .
“ It was just a great ball from Rudock , ( on ) the back shoulder , ” Golladay said . “ It 's hard to defend those and I just had to make the catch . ”
Matt Prater added a 28-yard field goal for the Lions , sending the team to the locker room up 17-3 .
The second-team defenses took charge in the third quarter as the squads combined for five punts and zero points . The Lions got strong play from young defensive linemen Alex Barrett and Jeremiah Valoaga as Indianapolis managed to gain 28 yards with three possessions .
The Lions extended their advantage to 24-3 in the fourth quarter when third-string quarterback Brad Kaaya found Dontez Ford on a short pass and watched the receiver break two tackles and dive across the goal line for a 15-yard touchdown .
The Colts finally found the end zone on the game 's final play . Running back Troymaine Pope 's one-yard plunge as time expired capped a 14-play , 90-yard drive .
jdrogers @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/justin_rogers
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS ( KPLR ) – St. Louis police are investigating shots fired at one of its officer early Monday morning on North 13th Street in north St. Louis . The officer was stopped at a stop light on North 14th Street when he witnessed a suspect in vehicle hanging out of the sunroof firing an assault rifle at numerous individuals in a parking lot in the 1500 block of North 13th street.Some of the individuals on parking lot returned fire at the suspect and vehicle .
The officer followed the suspect vehicle and radioed is position and circumstances .
While following the suspect vehicle , the officer came under fire from a person in the car , forcing he officers to back-off to a safe distance in East 14th Street .
Police lost track of the suspect vehicle .
Several cars and home in the area sustained damage from the bullets fired .
One person was shot , a 22-year-old female , was transported to the hospital for treatment of a gunshot wound to the leg .
If captured , the suspects could face the following charges : assault 1st degree on a law enforcement officer , assault 1st degree , and shot fired into a dwelling .
An investigation is ongoing .
About 15 people are missing after a seven-storey building collapsed in a residential area of the Kenyan capital Nairobi , rescue services said on Tuesday . The Kenya Red Cross said on its Twitter feed that the building had collapsed in an eastern Nairobi suburb , while Saint John 's Ambulance said 15 people were reported missing . cyprusweekly 5:33:00 AM CEST
Shares in Argentina 's Central Puerto fell almost 15 pct on Friday , leading losses on Argentina 's Merval . index ahead of an IPO in New York .
* * Shares fell 14.6 percent to 35.8 pesos at 11:45 Buenos Aires ( 14:45 GMT ) while the Merval fell 3.44 percent .
* * The company set a price of $ 1.65 per share , or $ 16.50 per American Depositary Shares ( ADS ) , for the IPO in New York .
* * The company set a price of $ 1.65 per share , or $ 16.50 per American Depositary Shares ( ADS ) , for the IPO . ( Reporting by Walter Bianchi )
The Aftermarket Auto Parts Alliance finished its Annual Summer Shareholder Meeting in triumphant fashion in Louisville , Kentucky , last week .
“ It was a wonderful meeting , ” said Doug Washbish , president and CEO of Moog Louisville Warehouse , a Bumper to Bumper member . “ This meeting brings us together as a group , to leverage our strengths and to strategically address the marketplace . We were proud to host it in our hometown . ”
Tuesday 's program consisted of a joint channel partner session and a keynote address by Behzad Rassuli , senior vice president , strategic development , for the Auto Care Association . Rassuli discussed the opportunities of the connected car and its data .
“ I truly appreciated the opportunity to speak to Aftermarket Auto Parts Alliance , ” said Rassuli . “ They clearly see the prospects ahead for our industry , as evidenced by their engagement in the dialogue around opportunities presented by the connected car , as well as their commitment to the ACPAC . ”
Afterward , more than 450 shareholder members visited with more than 100 channel partners during a combined spirit of Kentucky vendor booth show mixer and reception featuring bourbon tasting and locale fare .
To wrap up the meeting on Wednesday , the Alliance held the Channel Partner Advisory Council meeting . “ We want this meeting to benefit both our members and our channel partners . We all have a horse in this race and we want them to cross that line together , ” said Dan Rader , vice president , product and category management at the Alliance .
The Annual Winter Shareholder Meeting will be in Miami , Florida , from Sunday , Dec. 3 to Wednesday , Dec. 6 .
Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan will once again be the leaders of their squad . Photo : Tom Szczerbowski - USA TODAY Sports
August is the month where we all become a little antsy . Left with absolutely nothing to keep ourselves occupied with and to be quite frank , it has gotten even worse with the 2017-18 NBA schedule being released .
Today is the day where we begin to anticipate for months what our favourite NBA team is capable of and if you 're a Toronto Raptors fan , there 's a whole lot to get excited about .
Raptors Starting Point
The Raptors begin their season with a home-opener against the Chicago Bulls on Oct. 19 at the Air Canada Centre . Toronto lost the season series to Chicago last year , but things should be quite different with the Bulls looking to rebuild , as they shipped their star guard Jimmy Butler to the Minnesota Timberwolves on draft night back in late June .
After their matchup against the Bulls , the Raptors welcome Joel Embiid and the Philadelphia 76ers in a short two-game home-stand , before they begin their longest road trip of the season .
A road trip already ? Sadly , yes .
Six games , in 12 days which include matchups against the San Antonio Spurs and the defending NBA champions , the Golden State Warriors .
Seems tough , but at least there are no back-to-backs on this trip , right ?
Key Games to Jot Down
Nov. 12 - Toronto visits Boston
The Raptors first look at their Atlantic Division rival , the Boston Celtics . With the new additions of rookie Jayson Tatum and forward Gordon Hayward for Boston , it will be interesting to see how Toronto will fair against a team looking to take the Eastern Conference by storm .
The Raptors will have an early meeting against one of their bigger rivals in the league in the Boston Celtics .
Photo : David Butler II-USA TODAY Sports
Dec. 15 - DeMarre Carroll makes his emphatic return
The Raptors squaring off with the Brooklyn Nets is not a game someone would usually mark down on their schedule but after Carroll 's comments in July , eluding to the lack of trust in the Raps locker room ; it is definitely a game worth tuning into . His reception from Raptors fans will likely be the highlight .
Jan. 11 - LeBron James comes to town
It is always fun to see King James and the Cleveland Cavaliers visit but expect the Raptors to be playing with a chip on their shoulder in this one . The first matchup of a three-game series and the Raps definitely will recall their second-round sweep they received from the hands of the Cavaliers .
The King pays a visit with The North on Jan. 11 . Photo : Jason Miller/Getty Images
Mar . 9 - James Harden and Chris Paul touchdown
It will be a back court matchup like none other with Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan taking on James Harden and Chris Paul . Also , P.J . Tucker makes his return to Toronto after his second short stint with the franchise . Tucker was phenomenal in his 24 games with the Raptors last season , shooting 40.6 percent from deep and bringing in a strong defensive presence . His departure is definitely one the Raptors wish they could have prevented .
James Harden and his new teammate Chris Paul will head to their only visit to Toronto on Mar . 9 .
Photo : Roy Taormina/USATODAY Sports
The Raptors will play their last home game on Apr . 8 against the Orlando Magic and their last game of the season will be on Apr . 11 against the Miami Heat .
Raptors on National Television ?
The Raptors have a total of 12 national televised games this season . Seven games on NBA TV , one game on TNT , and four games on ESPN . Tied with the Sacramento Kings , ranking 18th in the league in national-televised games amongst the other teams in the league .
Season Expectations
The Raptors should definitely finish amongst the top five teams in the eastern conference . After saying goodbye to four players this off-season in Carroll , Tucker , Patrick Patterson , and Cory Joseph the Raps managed to replace them with barely any bodies making it truly hard to see the Raptors winning 50-plus games for the third consecutive season .
Toronto should fall in the 40-49 win category this upcoming season . They will have to rely on the development of the young guys on the roster like Norman Powell , Delon Wright , Pascal Siakam and Jakob Poeltl to be able to stay afloat and be seen as contenders and not pretenders in the eastern conference .
FRESNO , Calif. ( AP )  Authorities have recovered the bodies of a Chinese couple in a car that plunged off a cliff in California 's Kings Canyon National Park .
Fresno County Sheriff 's spokesman Tony Botti said Friday a rescue crew on successfully extracted the bodies a day earlier from the Kings River .
He says they are 31-year-old Yinan Wang and his 32 year-old-wife Jie Song . The couple vanished during an August vacation .
Authorities believe their car plunged 500 feet ( 150 meters ) over the cliff .
Advertisement
The car was found as authorities were recovering another car that had plunged into the river earlier .
The bodies of two exchange students from Thailand were recovered from that car last month .
NAIROBI/KISUMU , Kenya ( Reuters ) - Kenyan police have killed at least 11 people in a crackdown on protests as anger at the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta erupted in the western city of Kisumu and slums surrounding the capital , officials and witnesses said on Saturday .
However , the NASA opposition coalition , led by four-time presidential hopeful Raila Odinga , put the death toll at more than 100 , including 10 children , but did not provide evidence . Odinga has rejected the poll and its result as `` massive '' fraud .
The eruption of violence has revived memories of a decade ago , when Odinga , now 72 , lost an election in controversial circumstances that sparked a wave of political and ethnic unrest in which 1,200 people were killed and 600,000 displaced .
Kofi Annan , the former U.N. head who mediated during that crisis , on Saturday issued a statement warning Kenya 's leaders to `` be careful with their rhetoric and actions in this tense atmosphere '' .
Reuters was able to confirm 11 deaths , including one girl , in the space of 24 hours . The Kenya National Commission on Human Rights said 24 people had been shot dead by police since Tuesday , election day .
Top Odinga lieutenant Johnson Muthama said police had been packing corpses into body bags and dumping them , remarks likely to exacerbate the tensions that followed Friday night 's official announcement that Kenyatta had won , with 54.3 percent of votes .
Mwenda Njeka , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , said the opposition claims were `` hogwash '' .
Acting Interior Minister Fred Matiang ' i had earlier said trouble was localised and blamed it on `` criminal elements '' rather than legitimate political protest . He also denied accusations of police brutality .
`` Let us be honest - there are no demonstrations happening , '' he told reporters .
`` Individuals or gangs that are looting shops , that want to endanger lives , that are breaking into people 's businesses – those are not demonstrators . They are criminals and we expect police to deal with criminals how criminals should be dealt with . ''
`` STATE TERROR ''
However , James Orengo , another top NASA official , said the killings were part of a carefully laid plan by 55-year-old Kenyatta 's Jubilee party and the security forces to rig the poll , crush dissent and then hide the evidence .
`` This violence , this state terror is being executed following very meticulous preparation , '' he said .
He and Muthama urged Odinga supporters to stay calm and out of harm 's way but , ominously , said there would be no backing down . `` We will not be cowed . We will not relent , '' Muthama said .
As with previous votes in 2007 and 2013 , this year 's elections have exposed the underlying ethnic tensions in the nation of 45 million people , the economic engine of East Africa and the region 's main trading hub .
In particular , Odinga 's Luo tribe , who hail from the west , hoped an Odinga presidency would break the Kikuyu and Kalenjin dominance of central government since independence in 1963 . Kenyatta , the son of Kenya 's first president , is a Kikuyu .
Anti riot policemen clash with protesters supporting opposition leader Raila Odinga in Mathare , in Nairobi , Kenya August 12 , 2017 . Thomas Mukoya
Most of the trouble has been in the western city of Kisumu , an Odinga stronghold , and the large , ethnically mixed slums on the outskirts of Nairobi .
The bodies of nine young men shot dead in the capital 's run-down Mathare neighbourhood were brought to the city morgue , a security official said . A young girl was also killed by a stray bullet in Mathare , according to a witness .
A government official said one man had been killed in Kisumu county . A Reuters reporter in the city heard tear gas grenades and gunshots overnight and on Saturday morning .
In addition to the deaths , officials at Kisumu 's main hospital said they had treated 26 people since Friday night , including four with gunshot wounds and others who had been beaten by police .
Medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres said it had treated 54 patients , including seven for gunshot wounds .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
`` THIS IS JUST A WARM-UP ''
One man , 28-year-old Moses Oduor , was inside his home in Kisumu 's impoverished district of Obunga when police conducting house-to-house raids dragged him out of his bedroom and set about him with clubs .
`` He was not out fighting them . He was rescued by my sister who lives next to him , '' said his brother , Charles Ochieng . `` She came outside screaming at the police , asking why they are beating people . ''
In Nairobi , armed police and water cannons moved through the rubble-strewn streets of Kibera , another pro-Odinga slum .
At one point they fired volleys of tear gas and live rounds to force a convoy of pick-up trucks containing senior NASA officials to retreat , a Reuters witness said .
Fleeing Odinga loyalists vowed to vent their rage at the seat of Kenyatta 's administration in central Nairobi .
`` This is just a warm-up . Tomorrow we will go to State House and they can kill us there , '' shouted Felix Oduor , 18 , as he ran from clouds of tear gas along Kibera 's railway line . `` They ca n't kill us all , '' those around him shouted in response .
Annan reiterated calls for Odinga to lodge any complaint in court but the opposition has said it does not trust the system .
Even before the official result was declared , NASA had rejected the poll 's outcome , saying the election commission 's systems had been hacked , the count was irregular , and foreign observers who endorsed the poll and the count were biased .
NASA provided no evidence but singled out former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and former South African president Thabo Mbeki - who both led teams of observers - for criticism .
Kenya 's ELOG domestic observation group , which had 8,300 agents on the ground , published a parallel vote tally on Saturday that conformed with the official results .
In honor of Valentine 's Day today ( Feb. 14 ) , Migos has teamed up with Spotify to help inspire those with their eye on a certain someone to shoot their shot and take a risk on their sweetheart . You know , for the culture .
Considering Migos created a movement with their chart-topping single `` Bad and Boujee , '' it should come as no surprise that their viral hit is now giving back to fans once again in a brand-new way .
The Atlanta rap group debuted a special edition series of customizeable e-cards true to the theme of the annual holiday for lovers , borrowing lyrics from `` Bad and Boujee '' to help their fans woo their Valentine 's .
The digital ( and Instagrammable ) cards include illustrations of the three members and give users the option to customize the message , with one example reading as , `` Rain Drop . Drop Top . _______ makes my heart go pop pop . ''
In many ways , this new collaboration was meant to be . The lyrics truly do make for a fitting , hilarious and even sweet way to let the special someone in your life know what 's really good .
You can make your own Migos-themed Valentine 's Day card over at MigosCards.com .
Rain drop , drop top , if you have n't made a card yet , why not ? Take a look at one example below and try for yourself !
Leonard Fournette already has announced that he wo n't play for LSU in the Buffalo Wild Wings Citrus Bowl . The junior running back has battled injuries all year , and he wants to turn his focus to preparing for the next level .
Meanwhile , fellow SEC running back Kamryn Pettway is champing at the bit to play in Auburn 's bowl game .
Like Fournette , Pettway had a chance to leave early for the NFL . He was n't going to be a first-round pick , but the redshirt sophomore was listed among Mel Kiper Jr. 's top 10 running backs after a breakout season that saw him eclipse 1,000 yards . In fact , he had more yards ( 1,123 ) and averaged more yards per game ( 140 ) than Fournette this season .
But Pettway is n't leaving early . He did n't even bother filling out the paperwork to get his draft grade . He announced two weeks ago that he was coming back to Auburn .
For all of the Auburn fans asking I will be back next season . I have some unfinished business ! — Big Savage ( @ Uno_Kam ) December 11 , 2016
“ I think it 's really good , ” Auburn coach Gus Malzahn said . “ I think any time a key piece of your offense makes that call – he 'll have a chance next year , and obviously staying healthy , there 's a chance he could have a super season . He 'll be one of our leaders , too , coming back . So , I think it 's a very good thing for us next year . ”
As for the “ unfinished business ” part about his tweet , Pettway told reporters last week that he wants to go through a complete season where he 's fully healthy . In what was his first year at running back , the former H-back missed three games due to injury and was n't at 100 percent in the season finale against Alabama . Imagine his numbers had he played all 12 games .
“ I feel like I 'm capable to do a lot more than I did this year , ” Pettway said .
We should see the healthy version of Pettway when Auburn plays Oklahoma in the Allstate Sugar Bowl on Jan. 2 . Pettway has been practicing in full the last two weeks and says he 's fully recovered from a pulled quad he suffered in the second half against Vanderbilt .
“ He looks really good , ” fellow Auburn running back Kerryon Johnson said . “ He 's been working on getting the explosiveness [ back ] just coming off an injury and the break , not playing football at all . But he 's looked really good , and I think he 's going to be back in midseason form . ”
With the exception of Malik Miller , who injured his knee earlier in the season , Auburn should have all of its running backs at full strength for the bowl game . The last time Pettway , Johnson , Stanton Truitt and Kameron Martin all got through an entire game without an injury , the Tigers rushed for 307 yards in a 40-29 win on the road at Ole Miss .
Plus , with Pettway 's decision to come back , every Auburn running back is expected to return to school in 2017 . That 's a stark contrast from the year before when the team 's top three rushers all left for various reasons .
“ Just having a guy [ like Pettway ] back with experience is huge , ” Johnson said . “ I 'm not sure who we have coming in , but just having a guy back that 's played a whole season now at running back – we 'll have two next year , along with Malik and Kam [ Martin ] – we 'll have a lot more experience than we did coming into this year . We 'll know what we 're working with . ”
It 's a shame we wo n't get to see Fournette play one final time . But college football fans can still take solace in watching Pettway , a 235-pound bruiser , run over defenders in the bowl game , as well as all of next season .
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall .
A spokesman for the Met office said : `` With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England , as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night , icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces .
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
`` At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon . However , most accumulations here should be above about 100 m .
`` This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday .
`` This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon , pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning . ''
BOSTON ( AP )  A Massachusetts man has been charged with waging a relentless cyberstalking campaign against his former roommate that included the creation of fake online accounts soliciting sex in her name that caused men to show up at her home , federal prosecutors said Friday .
Ryan Lin , 24 , faces up to five years in prison if convicted of the cyberstalking campaign , which authorities said was so disturbing it forced the woman to move out of state . Lin 's attorney declined to comment .
Lin began stalking the 24-year-old woman in April 2016 , after he answered a Craigslist advertisement and moved into a house she was living in Watertown , near Boston , authorities said .
Prosecutors said Lin hacked into the woman 's online accounts and stole private photos and diary entries from her computer that included details about her medical , psychological and sexual history . Lin then sent her personal information to hundreds of others , including her co-workers , young sister , and parents ' colleagues , they said .
Advertisement
One email including sexually implicit images and diary entries was sent from a fake account using her father 's name to employees of the New Hampshire school district , where her father lives , an FBI affidavit said .
Lin also created fake profiles of the woman on websites dedicated to prostitution and sexual fetishes that said she wanted to participate in a rape fantasy and `` gang bang , '' authorities said . The phony posts caused at least three men she did n't know to show up at her home looking for sex , the affidavit stated .
Prosecutors said Lin also created a fake Facebook profile for one of the woman 's roommates in a different house , in Waltham , that threated to `` shoot up '' a school . Another school shooting threat was made to look like it came from the woman 's former boss , the affidavit said .
Lin graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in computer science , officials said .
For his initial court appearance on Friday , Lin was wearing glasses , jeans and a grey collared shirt as he was brought into the courtroom in handcuffs . Prosecutors asked for Lin to be held in jail , calling him a flight risk . Magistrate Judge David Hennessy set a detention hearing for next week .
Harold Shaw , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Boston Field Division , said Lin 's actions caused a `` huge amount of angst , alarm , and unnecessary expenditure of limited law enforcement resources . ''
`` This kind of behavior is not a prank , and it is n't harmless . He allegedly scared innocent people , and disrupted their daily lives , because he was blinded by his obsession , '' Shaw said .
____
Follow Alanna Durkin Richer at http : //twitter.com/aedurkinricher . Read more of her work at http : //bit.ly/2hIhzDb
Kompany : City more flexible under Pep than Mancini
Roberto Mancini 's side won the Premier League , but Vincent Kompany feels the current Manchester City crop offer more tactical variety .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 16:58 IST
Vincent Kompany playing for Manchester City at Brighton
Manchester City have less big personalities than before but more `` flow '' and adaptability under Pep Guardiola , according to club captain Vincent Kompany .
City won their first Premier League title with Roberto Mancini at the helm in 2011-12 , the likes of Kolo Toure , Nigel de Jong , Carlos Tevez and Mario Balotelli all playing a part in that landmark triumph before moving on from the Etihad Stadium .
Sergio Aguero , David Silva and Yaya Toure are among the survivors to remain in Guardiola 's squad , which Kompany feels is the more balanced of the two .
`` The team in the first league title win was all about big personalities , character and tough guys in the team , '' he said .
`` It was game-deciding people .
`` This team is more about there being a flow to it - there is coordination , the system is very meticulous . So we will see - this team still needs to win something .
`` But my feeling is that we have a lot more tools we can use . It was difficult for us to play in a back three back in the day , just because of the personnel we had .
`` Here it is just as easy for us to switch from a back three to a back four and so on . That is the strength of this team , the fact that we just can adapt to so many ways . ''
City defeated promoted Brighton and Hove Albion 2-0 away from home on Saturday to make a winning start to the 2017-18 league season .
× Expand The Troll A platform in the North Sea .
Equinor and the partners in the Troll licence today submit the plan for further development of the gigantic Troll field on the Norwegian continental shelf ( NCS ) to the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy .
“ The third phase of the Troll development realises 2.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent , it has a break-even of less than USD 10 per barrel and a carbon intensity of 0.1 kg per barrel . This is probably one of the most profitable and robust projects in the company 's history , ” says Margareth Ovrum , executive vice president for Technology , Projects and Drilling of Equinor .
The capital expenditures for the project are estimated at NOK 7.8 billion , helping extend the productive life of the Troll field beyond 2050 .
“ The Troll oil and gas field is in a class by itself globally . The plan for development and operation for the next phase of the Troll development submitted today is highly important both to the future value creation for Norwegian society , but also to ensuring future gas deliveries to Europe , ” says Øvrum .
“ The Troll operations have generated great value for the whole society . Since it came on stream in 1995 the Troll field has generated an estimated NOK 1,400 billion in revenues , equivalent to NOK 175 million per day in average . In the future we estimate that Troll will create even greater value , ” says Gunnar Nakken , Equinor 's senior vice president for Operations West .
The expected future value creation from Troll is estimated at NOK 1,650 billion .
A large share of the Troll cashflow goes to the Norwegian State through taxes , and the State 's direct financial interests . The Troll field has thus added more than NOK 1,000 billion to the State revenues .
× Expand Torger Rød , head of project development in Equinor , submitted the plan for further development of the Troll field to state secretary Ingvil Smines Tybring‐Gjedde and the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy .
Gas to Europe
“ The further development of Troll will also strengthen Norway 's ability to supply Europe with gas . The gas from Troll will ensure reliable , profitable and carbon-efficient gas supply equivalent to the consumption of 50 million households in Europe for 30 years in the future , ” says Nakken .
The annual export volume from Troll is estimated to 8 % of EU 's gas consumption .
The gas is produced on the Troll A platform , which is electrified . The production therefore generates very low CO2 emissions . The gas is piped to Kollsnes , where it is cleaned , dried and compressed before being transported to Europe in the Zeepipe pipelines .
The development of the Troll field has also been important to the development of the oil and gas industry , particularly in Norway . The development of Troll Phase 3 will have a very high Norwegian content , estimated at approximately 70 % .
Equinor will today sign contracts within marine installations and subsea facilities worth a total of approximately NOK 750 million with the companies Allseas , Nexans and Deep Ocean .
Earlier this year the partnership awarded contracts for subsea facilities and the construction of a new processing module on the Troll A platform to Aker Solutions .
Press conference at 10:00 CET – at Equinor 's office at Sandsli , Bergen .
A press conference will be held in connection with the submission of the PDO for Troll Phase 3 . Entrance at 09.45 hrs . in the main reception at Equinor 's office on Sandsliveien in Bergen .
Brash Leftist Candidate Shakes Up France 's Presidential Election
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michel Spingler/AP Michel Spingler/AP
Jean-Luc Melenchon likes surprising even his own supporters .
Last week , thousands waited to hear the 65-year-old , brash , charismatic leftist speak inside the Grand Palais in the northern French city of Lille .
But first he dashed outside to a balcony overlooking an overflow crowd huddled around a giant TV screen .
`` I did n't want to go inside without greeting you ! '' Melenchon , clad in a navy-blue utility jacket , declared , as his supporters cheered and chanted `` Resistance ! ''
`` It 's the people who make history — it 's you ! '' he said .
`` It 's the first time I can listen to a politician without getting bored , '' said 30-year-old Joanna Estime , who spent years ignoring French politics but now campaigns for Melenchon .
A couple of months ago , Melenchon , whose party is called La France Insoumise ( `` Untamed France '' ) , did not seem like a serious contender for president .
But the `` French Bernie Sanders , '' as he 's sometimes been called , is shaking up the French presidential election with his promises to stand up for the little guy . He 's surging in the polls just a week before the first round of voting — running even or just ahead of Francois Fillon , the conservative candidate who has been hurt by a corruption scandal .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joanna Kakissis for NPR Joanna Kakissis for NPR
`` Why Melenchon ? Because he 's a very good candidate , '' says Pierre Mathiot , a political science professor at Sciences Po Lille .
Mathiot says Melenchon has won over voters who are angry with a political system that they believe has fueled economic inequality . They like Melenchon 's power-to-the-people campaign messages and honest , funny debate performances — even if his ideas are extreme .
He wants to renegotiate European Union treaties and withdraw France from institutions such as NATO and the International Monetary Fund , which he associates with globalized capitalism .
`` For a lot of voters , he is the only leftist candidate , '' Mathiot says , since the Socialists have imploded after Francois Hollande 's unpopular presidency .
Melenchon has reached out to young voters in non-traditional ways .
There 's a video game called Fiscal Kombat , which features an animated Melenchon literally shaking money out of rich political figures such as former President Nicolas Sarkozy and IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde .
And Melenchon kicked off his campaign in February by appearing in two places at once — in the flesh in Lyon , and as a 3-D hologram more than 300 miles away — in Paris . He repeated the hologram effect again in Lille , transporting himself to six more locations , including Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean .
It 's a hit , so he 's planning to do it again this week .
`` He 's a politician since the '80s , '' Mathiot says . `` So he 's a very old politician , but he 's very modern in his political way of life . So it 's not a question of age , of political experience . For lots of voters , and especially young voters , he 's a new politician . ''
Antoine Villemin , a 20-year-old marketing student from Lille , says he 's among the 30 percent of French voters who are still undecided .
He says he enjoys Melenchon 's holograms and witty campaign videos on YouTube .
`` But what I like in Jean-Luc Melenchon is that his speech is the same for almost 20 years now , '' he says .
Villemin says he especially likes that Melenchon has promised to relieve tax burdens on France 's beleaguered middle class and hike taxes on the super-rich .
`` We 're going to create tax tiers , '' Melenchon told supporters in Lille . `` And at the top , they 're going to pay a lot ! Why are they going to pay a lot ? Because they have a lot ! ''
It 's a message that 's also resonated in Faches-Thunesnil , a depressed suburb of Lille where the unemployment rate is 14 percent , four times higher than the national average .
It was once a stronghold of France 's Socialists . But voters like Malika Allamaachaoui have switched to Melenchon .
`` I 'm done with the Socialists , '' says Allamaachaoui , a 48-year-old French-Moroccan mother of five . `` My mom only has a small pension . She barely gets by . If we do n't do something , it 's going to be the same for our children . ''
I meet Allamaachaoui as she 's stocking up on rice and canned tomatoes at a `` social supermarket , '' a grocery for those who make less than 10 euros a day and where items are discounted by up to 90 percent . It serves about 1,500 people , says Emilie Morell , the supermarket 's accountant .
But Melenchon has n't managed to sway everyone here .
Laura Terrier , a 35-year-old assistant for developmentally disabled children , is a longtime leftist voter who now finds herself struggling to choose a candidate .
As she stands in line at the checkout line , she tells me that she likes Melenchon 's ideas but she 's also been swayed by far-right candidate Marine Le Pen .
`` I will not vote for Le Pen because of the racism , '' Terriers says . `` But it is the only thing that keeps me from voting for her . ''
Public opinion polls show that the two top finishers on April 23 will likely be Le Pen and centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron , a former economy minister in Hollande 's government .
Aurelien Bouchez , a 23-year-old who works in retail , says he can not support Le Pen or Macron .
He has not given up hope that Melenchon will make the May 7 run-off .
`` I like the idea of a big change , a complete change , '' he says . `` Because even though I 'm young , I 've studied history , I see what 's happened before and where it 's gotten us . ''
Tonya Smith Lurry , an experienced attorney , former assistant district attorney and small business owner , today announced her decision to seek the office of district court judge . The position she seeks has become vacant by the retirement of Judge Robin Free . Tonya 's dedication to our community and passion for the law have been the motivating factors behind her decision to run for this office . “ I want to be an advocate for honesty and integrity in the courtroom . I want to put my education , training , years of experience and diverse background to work for the 18th Judicial District , ” Lurry stated .
Tonya Lurry graduated from Port Allen High School in 1992 , Louisiana State University in 1996 and Southern University Law Center in 1999 . For the last 17 years she has maintained a law office and practice in Port Allen . During that time , she worked both as an assistant district attorney as well as in the indigent defender 's office of the 18th Judicial District . She also had a broad civil practice , with an emphasis on family law . Lurry has amassed an immense amount of courtroom experience and possesses both the skills of a litigator and a negotiator . Her broad and distinct background experience provide her with the unique qualifications to serve as the next judge . “ I am experienced , well-rounded , ethical and hardworking ; I am dedicated to my community and the justice system . For me , this should not be viewed as a political position of power , but rather a position of public service . ”
In addition to her vast background as an attorney , Lurry believes that her additional experiences as a small business owner and a parent also provide her with the fundamental skills and life experiences to be an effective district court judge . She is the mother of three children- Kennedy , 16 ; Blakeley , 14 ; Layne , 6 . She has volunteered countless hours to this community , especially through her children 's activities and their schools . “ I was born , raised and live here in West Baton Rouge Parish . My roots are here and my future is here . I want to make sure we have a safe , thriving community for our children and grandchildren . ”
The election for this seat is scheduled for Saturday March 24 , 2018 , with early voting taking place Saturday , March 10 through Saturday , March 17 ( excluding Sunday ) . To learn more about Tonya Smith Lurry and her campaign , please visit her website at : www.TonyaLurryforJudge.com or follow her on Facebook @ tonyalurryforjudge and Twitter @ tlurry4judge . # tonyalurryforjudge
The Benicia High School boys soccer team tied Vallejo 3-3 on Tuesday in an exciting finish in the Solano County Athletic Conference finale at Corbus Field .
With the win , the Panthers head to the Sac-Joaquin Section playoffs as the third-place team while the Redhawks were eliminated from the postseason contention .
Vallejo was up 3-2 late after a George Banda goal but with about 3 minutes left , Jason Kirby had a header to tie the game and send Benicia to the postseason .
Landon Elfstorm and Jorge Padilla also scored goals for the Panthers ( 5-7-2 , 4-4-2 ) .
'90s Superman star Dean Cain looks very different these days . Picture : TMZ/MEGA
'90s Superman star Dean Cain looks very different these days . Picture : TMZ/MEGA
HE WAS one of the major heart-throbs of the '90s - but if you saw Dean Cain on the street now , you probably would n't even notice .
The actor , 51 , who launched to stardom playing Superman in Lois & Clark : The New Adventures Of Superman from 1993-97 , has been spotted hanging out in Washington D.C. this week .
He kind of just looks like someone 's dad now . Picture : TMZ/MEGA
Cain looked happy and relaxed in a polo shirt over a T-shirt , with a poppy pinned to his chest to mark Memorial Day .
Most people would remember him as Clark Kent , but the actor has a number of other credits to his name . He 's appeared in dozens of TV shows , including the original Beverly Hills 90210 , Just Shoot Me ! , Ripley 's Believe It Or Not , Law & Order : SVU , Frasier , Smallville , Entourage , and Do n't Trust the B * * * * in Apartment 23 , although his most recent TV appearance was in Supergirl .
So dreamy .
Scrolling through thousands of these old Superman photos for … research purposes .
Cain and his former Lois & Clark co-star Teri Hatcher sent fans into a spin last year after turning up in Sydney together for the Supernova Comic Con and Gaming Expo .
Despite reports they did n't get along during filming , the pair looked like the best of friends as they posted a happy snap at the peak of the Sydney Harbour Bridge Climb .
Reunited — in a slightly less impressive airborne adventure .
`` Soaring together again . So fun to reunite . Thanks to # bridgeclimbsydney # loisandclark # deancain , '' wrote Hatcher on Instagram .
Hatcher and Cain have both said they would reunite for a Lois & Clark reboot .
would love to bring back @ RealDeanCain and me for a Lois and Clark reboot # Supergirl — Teri Hatcher ( @ HatchingChange ) May 23 , 2017
Cain is a father of one - he has a 17-year-old son , Christopher , with ex-girlfriend and Playboy playmate Samantha Torres .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea 's finance minister said on Monday that relevant ministries are in talks to decide whether trading of bitcoins should be regulated .
Sparks glow from broken Bitcoin ( virtual currency ) coins in this illustration picture , December 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
“ We 're looking at its speculative nature , as well as situation in other countries as we review , ” Kim Dong-yeon told reporters on the outskirts of Seoul .
South Korea in September banned raising money through all forms of virtual currencies , and said trading of such currencies are not part of the nation 's financial system .
Iowa turkey hunters took home 11,700 birds this season which ran from April 7th to May 20th . DNR wildlife biologist Jim Coffee says that was down just 78 turkeys from last year .
The total is good considering the weather conditions when things got started . “ It had a lot of people concerned , ” Coffee says , “ we had some very cool weather to begin with and we ended up with some pretty warm weather at the end . What it shows you is that turkey hunters are pretty consistent . As long as we get out there and get after them , we are going to be successful. ” He says the snowy weather early may 've hurt the hunters more than the turkeys by making it tougher for them to sneak up on the birds .
“ Those extreme conditions can kind of shut them down as they look for food or maybe the hens are n't quite as receptive because of the weather conditions . But overall it 's still going to be the same type of turkey spring , you 're still going to be out in those areas where turkeys are going to be visible and be heard , ” Coffee says . “ What makes it a little harder for us is that we just do n't blend in as well with our camouflage typically. ” Blending into the woods is important as turkeys are one of the toughest animals to hunt and only about one quarter of those who buy a license are successful .
“ You know a 20 to 25 percent success rate is considered pretty good across the country . And our successful hunters some years are n't successful . So overall , it 's just a matter of how much time you put into it and some good old fashioned luck , ” according to Coffee . Turkey hunting hit is peak for participation around 10 years ago and since then Coffee says they 've seen some decline .
“ We have what we call churn — which is people who get in and get out of turkey hunting , ” Coffee says . “ We see some people trying it again and people falling out . And then we have our avid turkey hunters which are just hose who go every year and potentially get multiple tags — because you are allowed two tags in the springtime. ” He says deer hunters are often the ones involved in the “ churn . ”
He says deer hunters often see a lot of turkeys in the fall decide to try turkey hunting in the spring . “ And then they do n't realize that there is a little bit different skill set involved and those people may get in and get out a little bit more frequently , ” Coffee says . There were nearly 50-thousand tags purchased for the recent turkey season .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than 500 staff at Hong Kong Disneyland were evacuated after a broken Buzz Lightyear figurine was mistaken for a possible bomb .
Members of the bomb disposal unit , six fire engines , as well as two ambulances were also sent to world-famous attraction on Hong Kong 's Lantau Island .
The bomb scare took place just after noon when a parcel arrived in the main office 's mail room and set off X-ray scanners , leading to Hong Kong 's counter-terrorism response unit being called in .
The package addressed to the park 's managing director Samuel Lau Wing-kee contained exposed wires and a battery , reports said , while two sniffer dogs also seemed to confirm its possibly dangerous contents .
( Photo : rex features )
During the three-hour incident , which the park said did not affect its operations , around 500 employees were cleared from the area as the bomb squad began to investigate .
But when they opened the parcel , they found the broken Buzz Lightyear toy - a character from the hugely popular Pixar trilogy “ Toy Story ” .
They also found an angry letter from a dad who had purchased the toy for his son and found it broken when he unboxed it at home .
Reports did not say whether park director Samuel Lau Wing-kee had replied to the dramatic customer complaint yet .
Daniel Bader , Jerry Hildenbrand , Russell Holly , and Andrew Martonik convene for a detailed breakdown of all the announcements from Google 's Pixel hardware event this week .
They get the bezel bashing out of the way quickly before moving on to Google 's Home Mini and Home Max , followed by a look at the Pixelbook . Besides Jerry , who is the target audience for Chrome OS on such a high-end piece of hardware ? Are the specs simply overkill for what can be accomplished on the device ? It 's a computer that 's far more capable than your might think .
The second half of the episode is devoted to Pixel 2 as the crew discuss the specs , colors , and features of each model . The camera is a major change from the original Pixel . It bucks the recent trend of dual cameras by offering a single rear facing camera . They also talk about the Pixel Buds and their potential usefulness for translation .
Show Notes and Links :
Four years of Darwin beers
Darwin Brewing Co. will celebrate its fourth year in Bradenton in a big way on Friday . Stop by the brewery for a new beer release ( a Belgian quadrupedal ale ) , music by Ben Prestage and Kettle of Fish and German fare by The Schnitzel Trailer food truck .
Details : 2-10 p.m. Friday . Darwin Brewing Co. , 803 17th Ave. W. , Bradenton . Free . darwinbrewingco.com .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Learn to paint a palm tree with pastel this weekend at ArtCenter Manatee . ArtCenter Manatee
Paint a palm tree
Nothing says Florida quite like the palm tree , and you can learn to paint one this Friday at ArtCenter Manatee . Render some iconic , friendly fronds on paper using pastels and the element of line . This event is part of ArtCenter Manatee 's Nights Out ! series . Admission includes supplies , wine or beer and light snacks .
Details : 7-9 p.m. Friday . ArtCenter Manatee , 209 Ninth St. W. , Bradenton . $ 38 . Ages 21 and up . 941-746-2862. artcentermanatee.org .
Stroll Bradenton 's acclaimed artist colony featuring galleries , studios , bakeries , healing arts and specialty shops , all nestled in colorful 1920 cottages . Herald file photo
Art Walk weekend
It 's Art Walk time again in Village of the Arts , and there is always something to discover on a stroll through Bradenton 's funkiest neighborhood . Pick up some eye-popping pottery or bright wall decor for summer ; try some scrumptious local food and drink , from tacos to Italian ; even get a massage or a round of acupuncture . Make an adventure of it .
Details : 6-9 p.m. Friday and 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday . Free . 1113 12th St. W. , Bradenton . villageofthearts.com .
A dish at Shore , one of the Sarasota restaurants participating in this year 's Savor Sarasota Week .
Fine dining on the cheap in Sarasota
Savor Sarasota Restaurant Week gives diners a chance to try some of Sarasota 's best restaurants for a few dollars less . This year the event lasts for two weeks . Partake in $ 16 pre-fixed lunches and $ 32 pre-fixed dinners at restaurants such as Currents , Blue Rooster , C'est la Vie , Lila and many , many more . Bon Appétit .
Details : June 1-14 . Participating restaurants in Sarasota , Venice , Lakewood Ranch and Longboat Key . $ 16- $ 32 per person . visitsarasota.com .
Kids can learn about pollinators like butterflies at this month 's family night at South Florida Museum . Ryan Ballogg
Family night at the museum
This month 's family night at South Florida Museum is all about gardens and what makes them tick . Admission to the museum is lowered starting at 3 p.m. , making it affordable for the whole family to visit . The event includes hands-on activities and a movie showing related to the garden theme . You also can enjoy an additional manatee presentation , specially scheduled planetarium shows , and the Rock Hall of Fame show at 7:15 p.m .
Details : 3-7 p.m. Saturday . South Florida Museum , 201 10th St. W. , Bradenton . $ 7- $ 9 . southfloridamuseum.org . 941-746-4131 .
The story and songs of Patsy Cline take the stage
`` Always ... Patsy Cline , '' takes a look at the life of the legendary country singer through the eyes of her biggest fan , Louise Seger . This Ted Swindley play has wowed audiences throughout the Southeast , and now it will debut to Manatee and Sarasota crowds at Florida Studio Theatre . The production runs until mid June , so do n't miss your chance to take in this tuneful tribute .
Details : May 31-June 17 . Gompertz Theatre , 1241 N. Palm Ave. , Sarasota . $ 29- $ 49 . 941-366-9000. floridastudiotheatre.org .
St. Armand 's Seafood and Music Festival is this Saturday and Sunday in Sarasota . Paragon Events
St. Armand 's Seafood and Music Festival
Alberto could n't keep St. Armand 's Seafood Festival away , and it 's back on this weekend in Sarasota . Reward yourself for making it through 2018 's first round of tropical shenanigans with a little bounty from the sea . Lots of fresh seafood dishes will be offered up ( plus other meat and vegetarian options ) at the second annual festival . The event benefits the Humane Society of Sarasota County . Local acts Nostaljah , Hard Luck Society , Kettle of Fish and Mac Arnold and Plate Full O ' Blues will perform Saturday ; Act 3 , RJ Howson , Sarasota Steel Pan Band and Twinkle and Rock Soul Radio will perform Sunday .
Details : 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday . St. Armands Circle Park , Saint Armands Circle , Sarasota . Free . seafoodfestivals.com .
With the Lakers ' acquisition of Rajon Rondo , Brian Windhorst believes the team should be concerned about a lack of players on the roster who can hit perimeter shots . ( 1:48 )
LeBron James is headed to the Los Angeles Lakers , with or without another superstar alongside him .
The timing of James ' announcement that he has agreed to a four-year , maximum deal with the Lakers -- including a player option in the final year -- a day after Paul George and Chris Paul reportedly agreed to re-sign with their current teams ( and before , as far as we know , the Lakers have made any serious headway on a deal with the San Antonio Spurs for Kawhi Leonard ) suggests that this decision was n't necessarily about the players he 'll join in L.A .
With James electing to sign a long-term deal rather than playing year to year , as he did after returning to the Cleveland Cavaliers four years ago , it further indicates that he is in this for the long haul rather than focused on challenging the Golden State Warriors right away .
Still , the whole purpose of signing James is building the Lakers back into a championship contender . And , though James seems largely impervious to the effects of aging , at 33 there is urgency for the Lakers to get there sooner rather than later . So how can they do that ?
Lakers continue building 2018-19 roster
After James ' announcement Sunday afternoon , the Lakers moved quickly to begin filling out their roster . In a flurry of moves , they reportedly agreed to one-year deals with shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ( $ 12 million ) , wing Lance Stephenson ( $ 4.4 million ) and JaVale McGee ( veteran 's minimum ) . On Monday , they renounced the rights to restricted free agent Julius Randle , clearing the necessary cap space to agree with point guard Rajon Rondo on a one-year , $ 9 million deal . Editor 's Picks 5-on-5 : LeBron 's legacy , Kawhi trades and title favorites Our experts answer the big questions about LeBron James , the Lakers , Kawhi Leonard and what the King 's move means for the NBA .
Rating NBA moves : Durant , CP3 , Jokic and Paul George Kevin Pelton provides team-by-team analysis of every major and minor deal from Day 1. Who improved ? And what is still to come ? 1 Related
The moves signal that the Lakers are focused on maintaining flexibility for the summer of 2019 , offering only one-year deals to free agents . After signing James , Caldwell-Pope and Rondo , L.A. would still have nearly $ 6 million in remaining cap space . The Lakers could then use their room midlevel exception to sign Stephenson and add McGee and other players making the minimum to fill out the roster .
The Lakers could still get up to $ 16-plus million in cap space by waiving forward Luol Deng , while stretching the remaining two years on his contract would get the Lakers to nearly $ 25 million in cap room . However , stretching Deng does n't seem worth it if the Lakers are merely signing players to one-year deals . In that case , it 's better to keep Deng 's salary on the books in case it can be cleared more easily via trade next summer as an expiring contract .
After all , the Lakers have to weigh any moves this summer against what they might be able to do in free agency this time next year .
Will the Lakers add another star in 2019 ?
The scenario I 've outlined where the Lakers sign nothing but one-year deals this summer would leave L.A. with something like $ 25 million in cap space in 2019 with Deng on the books . NBA free agency and trades ! Here 's the latest on another thrilling summer in the NBA : • Free agency news , buzz and rumors
• The moves all 30 teams can still make
• Free-agent rankings : 10 best available
• Rating every free-agent move so far
• Details on each new free-agent contract
• Trade tracker : Grades and details
• Summer of LeBron : Decision 3.0
• World of Woj : Latest news | Transactions
Waiving and stretching Deng then would get the Lakers to about $ 37 million in projected space , more than enough to make a max offer to players with seven to nine years of experience . Conveniently , next summer 's free-agent class includes a number of stars in this market , starting with Leonard but also including Jimmy Butler , Kyrie Irving , Klay Thompson and Kemba Walker .
Leonard has made it clear he intends to sign with the Lakers , and the way things have unfolded has reduced their urgency to trade for him now . The Lakers would have had to acquire Leonard via trade to fit him in at the max had they signed two max free agents ( that is , James and George ) to multiyear contracts . Dealing for Leonard at this point also was imperative if it was necessary to land James . With those scenarios seemingly off the table , the Lakers can afford to be more patient .
There 's still a downside to waiting on Leonard , of course -- that being the possibility that he gets traded to a new team and decides to re-sign there , just as George did in Oklahoma City . There 's value in the certainty of having Leonard in hand now , but that must be weighed against the players and picks the Lakers would have to give up to acquire him . I 'd probably rather take my chances , particularly with the Lakers unlikely to win a championship this season even if they dealt for Leonard .
After all , Leonard is n't the only option for the Lakers . Back when Butler was a restricted free agent with the Chicago Bulls , he expressed interest in signing an offer sheet with the Lakers , per Adrian Wojnarowski . And Thompson , whose father , Mychal , played for the Lakers and is now their color analyst for radio , would be a natural fit if he elects to leave the Warriors .
Adding a max free agent next summer is no certainty for the Lakers , but doing so while retaining their young talent either to develop alongside James or for additional trades remains their best chance of building a championship-caliber team .
How good will the Lakers be this season ?
Let 's take an early stab at what we can expect from the Lakers with LeBron utilizing projections based on the multi-year , predictive version of ESPN 's real plus-minus ( RPM ) . Here 's how their rotation might look , considering only veteran players .
2018-19 Lakers RPM projection Player GP MPG OffRPM DefRPM Lonzo Ball 77 32 -0.2 2.1 Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 78 32 1.0 0.2 Brandon Ingram 77 34 0.1 -0.5 LeBron James 78 36 4.6 0.4 JaVale McGee 78 18 -0.3 0.1 Kyle Kuzma 78 28 0.6 -0.7 Rajon Rondo 76 24 -1.1 -0.7 Josh Hart 78 20 0.9 -0.3 Lance Stephenson 78 18 -0.3 -1.8 Ivica Zubac 78 12 -1.0 0.9 Total 3.6 0.1
This model projects the Lakers to have an offensive rating 3.6 points better per 100 possessions than league average , which would have ranked seventh in the NBA last season . Meanwhile , the Lakers project to have an average defense .
Typically , a team with the Lakers ' projected offensive and defensive ratings would win about 50 games , which would figure to put them in the mix for third in the Western Conference . That projection is tempered by the tendency for teams who add a superstar like LeBron to underachieve in their first season as they build chemistry . However , the Lakers can still improve as they fill out their roster by signing minimum-salary players who are better than replacement level .
In particular , Randle 's departure leaves the Lakers thin at center , a position where replacement-level players have been more effective than any other .
The Lakers do n't likely have a path to challenging the Warriors next season , even with James . But after five seasons in the lottery , L.A. should again challenge to win a playoff series or two while building something bigger and better for future seasons .
Salespeople have a lot of things to sell and the latest technology can help them sell even more .
Do you think you have the perfect pitch ? Highspot will tell you if you 're wrong . Or at least that 's their pitch .
Highspot 's software analyzes various communications with prospective clients , including presentations , case studies and training videos . Then it provides data about their effectiveness .
If these insights lead to more sales , then it could be a big revenue opportunity for many companies . That 's why venture investors are betting another $ 15 million that Highspot will be a big business .
The Series B round was led by Shasta Ventures , with participation from Salesforce Ventures and Madrona Venture Group . Highspot also raised about $ 10 million in a Series A back in 2014 .
“ Highspot delivers the value of AI and machine learning to the sales enablement software market , ” said Doug Pepper , Managing Director at Shasta Ventures . The startup has the “ product , the team and the customer validation to solve a problem that 's plagued sales reps for years – getting the right content at the right time to help close customers . ”
CEO Robert Wahbe told TechCrunch that Highspot ensures that “ the salesperson has the right information in their head and they have the right content to present to the customer. ” So far , they 've convinced 100 small business and enterprise customers to pay a monthly subscription .
He said he does n't view Highspot as a competitor to all the CRM software out there , but that it “ complements ” it . He expects his customers to use this in tandem with products from Salesforce .
The team is based in Seattle , which Wahbe describes as “ really kind of boom town right now. ” He described the startup scene as “ vibrant . ”
When asked about long-term prospects for the company , he was coy about acquisition possibilities . “ I would love for us to build a public company , ” said Wahbe .
The anti-kidnapping squad of the Lagos state police command have successfully arrested two men who posed as passengers in order to kill an Uber driver and steal his vehicle . One of those involved in the gruesome crime is still at large .
The suspects and one other , who is at large , strangled the driver , Innevosa Emmanuel and disposed him of his KIA RIO salon car marked KTU 594DM . The suspects always go after uber drivers with the intention of killing them and stealing their cars , to resell them to new buyers .
The suspects boarded the vehicle from Ikeja to take them to Ogba , Oke-Ira during which they suddenly ordered the driver to make a U-turn and take them to Oremeji street , Obawole area of Ogba , where he was strangled with a belt by the robbers and the vehicle was driven away .
One of the suspects revealed to the Lagos police that they strangled the victim with a belt , the aim of the killing according to the arrested suspects was to make away with the car . They then tried to sell the car , but were arrested in the process .
Justin R. Davis , 24 , 16328 Brown Rd , Central , LA , possession of drug paraphernalia , possession of schedule I CDS , possession of schedule II CDS
Kim Murphy , 53 , Port Allen , LA , bench warrant
Tyrone Johnson , 26 , 10557 Section Rd , Port Allen , LA , bench warrant , illegal possession of stolen things
Frederick Williams , 31 , 23930 Castle Court , Plaquemine , LA , fugitive from ISO , 2nd degree battery
Mark Allen Jr , 24 , 32455 Leona Avenue , White Castle , LA , fugitive from ISO , domestic abuse battery , disturbing the peace , resisting an officer
Matthew Gourgues , 28 , 1118 Milan , Pineville , LA , fugitive from ISO , possession with intent to distribute schedule II CDS 2cts , false representation
Clifford Johnson , 20 , 32370 Bowie St , White Castle , LA , fugitive from ISO , 2nd degree battery
Payton Triche , 22 , 390 Karabeth Lane , Hallsville , TX , fugitive from ISO , reckless operation , resisting an officer , DWI 1st
Lucas Cavalier , 30 , 25210 Stassi Rd , Plaquemine , LA , permitting unlicensed adult to drive , possession of cocaine
Ronald Smith , 50 , 6937 Hwy 190 West # 30 , Port Allen , LA , domestic abuse battery
Caitlyn E. Rafflee , 19 , 58934 Postell Avenue , Plaquemine , LA , possession of cocaine
Dorothy Carpenter , 53 , 10705 First St , Maringouin , LA , remaining after being forbidden , resisting an officer
Steve Cummings , 64 , 7622 N. Winterville , Port Allen , LA , out of compliance failure to register
Carla London , 43 , 2788 Badley Rd , Baton Rouge , LA , bench warrant
Jordon Deerman , 20 , 734 Church St , Donaldsonville , LA , expired license plate , false MVI , no insurance , permitting unlicensed adult to drive
Jason Sloan , 34 , 4368 Inniswald Rd , Baton Rouge , LA , bench warrant
Joshua Oubre , 35 , 8214 Tuscaloosa Avenue , Port Allen , LA , bench warrant 2cts , remanded back by surety
Tyler James , 32 , 1933 General Jackson , Baton Rouge , LA , bench warrant , domestic abuse battery
Heather Hoover , 20 , 57650 Random Oaks Dr , Plaquemine , LA , possession of schedule II CDS
Ryan Williams , 25 , 2638 Jessamine Avenue , Baton Rouge , LA , no insurance , driving under suspension , signal lamps required , failure to carry registration , misuse of temp plates , improper equipment
Vontray Dorsey , 34 , 5554 Banyan Ct , Baton Rouge , LA , armed robbery 3cts , false imprisonment 3 cts , aggravated assault with a firearm
Robert Walraven , 25 , 8927 Country Air Dr , Shreveport , LA , probation violation
Jose Bran , 44 , 6996 Airline Hwy , Baton Rouge , LA , no driver 's license , false MVI , no registration , expired license plate
Calvin Rineheart , 43 , 8142 First St , Addis , LA , bench warrant , no proof of insurance , driving under suspension , theft of motor vehicle fuel , theft of motor vehicle
Luke Magee , 35 , 6242 S. River Rd , Brusly , LA , bench warrant
L E Jones , 45 , 38740 Joe Lee Dr , Walker , LA , bench warrant , remanded by surety
Carlneisha Sims , 24 , 747 California St , Port Allen , LA , 2nd degree battery , simple battery , remanded back by surety
Andres Ramirez-Valdez , 45 , 87360 Leandro Valle # 75 , Modelo , Matamoros , MX , no insurance , failure to registration , unsafe vehicle , no MVI , no driver 's license , no taillights , no trailer plate , expired license plate , signal lamps , no driver 's license
Carl Battiste , 56 , 58465 Captain Harris St , Plaquemine , LA , fugitive from ISO , possession of stolen things , simple burglary , resisting an officer
Michael Holmes , 30 , 7229 River Rd , Addis , LA , bench warrant
Jason Snowten , 36 , 5320 Morris St , White Castle , LA , fugitive from ISO , domestic abuse battery
Calvin Lindsey , 39 , 24640 Ferdinand St , Plaquemine , LA , fugitive from ISO , simple burglary
Samuel Gomez , 53 , 2850 Hwy 190 West # 37 , Port Allen , LA , DWI misdemeanor offense
Adam M. Jones , 36 , 708 Azalea St , Port Allen , LA , aggravated battery with dangerous weapon
Samuel R. Sternfels , 25 , 6545 Hwy 1 Belle Rose , LA , stop sign violation
Courtney Francise , 28 , 10409 Springfield Valley Avenue , Baton Rouge , LA , possession of marijuana , possession of methamphetamines
Glenford Bias , 50 , 1380 Court St , Port Allen , LA , domestic abuse battery
Donovan Bessie , 25 , 1325 California Avenue , Port Allen , LA , bench warrant
Sunni Ourso , 36 , 58360 Irion St , Plaquemine , LA , possession of drug paraphernalia , possession of schedule II CDS
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Qianhe Condiment And Food Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT GETS SECURITIES REGULATOR 'S APPROVAL TO ISSUE 356 MILLION YUAN BONDS Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2FAKaoU Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
ISLAMABAD , Jul 4 ( APP ) : The Election Commission of Pakistan ( ECP ) on Wednesday said that the commission has made all necessary logistic arrangements for ensuring to hold the upcoming general election on July 25 in a smooth and an organized manner .
The holding of elections which is considered to be the biggest logistic activity in the country required a comprehensive strategy to deal all matters related with the logistic support , ECP 's Spokesperson Altaf Khan said .
“ The logistic exercises are of two kinds including sensitive and non-sensitive . Sensitive logistic exercise involves ballot papers while non-sensitive includes deployment of official staff , formation of District Monitoring Teams ( DMT ) , bags , pens , indelible ink and stamps in bulk , ” Altaf informed .
Explaining the sensitive logistic exercise , the Spokesperson said , it involved printing of ballot papers and import of the papers , used for ballot papers , from the United Kingdom and France .
He informed that it was estimated that the commission required 210 million of total ballot papers for the total constituencies of national and provincial assemblies .
Enlightening about the non-sensitive he said the commission was engaging the 750,000 work force from the federal and provincial departments to hold the upcoming polls . He said that the commission has arranged bags , pens , indelible ink and stamps in bulk .
It is pertinent to mention here that the process of printing of 220 million ballot papers for the general election 2018 would be completed by July 20 . The commission had prepared a plan for dispatch of ballot papers to around 85,000 polling stations across the country well before the polling day .
The ballot papers would be dispatched to far-flung areas of Balochistan through aeroplanes . The paper being used for ballots carrying all security features was imported from abroad .
The process of transportation of ballot paper from Karachi was underway through C-130 planes , Pakistan International Airlines and trucks . Pakistan Army had been providing security to the Printing Corporation of Pakistan and other places during printing of the ballot papers .
Amidst the controversies prevailing in India , Bollywood film 'Padmaavat ' has yet fallen into the pit of controversy in other countries .
Muslim dominant country Malaysia has barred the screening of the controversial film `` Padmaavat ' in theatres in fear of huring the sensitivities of Islam and the Muslim society .
Also read : Indian movie Padmaavat banned in Malaysia , censor board says it might hurt Muslim sentiments
On February 23 , the home ministry quoted the movie 's negative representation of a Muslim ruler .
Director Sanjay Leela Bhansali has faced lots of criticisms coming from different communities .
People belonging to the Rajput community have reportedly lashed out at him for distorting the historical story and portraying the Muslim ruler Alauddin Khilji as the lover of Queen Padmavati , while the Muslim community has criticised him for glorifying the Hindu Rajput Warrior clan and portraying the Muslim ruler in an extremely destructive way .
The film which was originally releasing in December had to go through debates with the Censor Board of India , keeping it on hold for few months .
In the previous month , India 's top court allowed the film to be screened nationally overlooking the major protests from two states .
However , Malaysian authorities have disapproved the portrayal of Sultan Alauddin Khilji and banned the film .
The ministry released a statement saying , `` He is portrayed as a Sultan who is arrogant , cruel , inhumane , devious with all kinds of trickery , unreliable and who does not fully practice Islamic teachings '' .
Malaysia 's Film Censorship ruled that the film was not `` approved for screening '' while a petition lodged by the film 's distributors was rejected , the ministry stated on Tuesday .
In the past , Malaysia has banned other films also which deals with extreme religious themes and explicit sexual content such as 2014 biblical drama Noah , Fifty Shades of Grey and more .
Seven percent of Indians make up the 32 million people population in India and Bollywood fans who have been eagerly waiting for the release of the film are quite disappointed with the decision .
A couple of Iowans , including a child , were injured in separate hunting accidents Sunday .
Both victims have non-life-threatening injuries , according to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources . An 11-year-old boy was shot in the hip by his 13-year-old brother as the two were hunting with their grandfather in Johnson County . It happened when a doe ran between the boys .
In southwest Iowa 's Taylor County , the DNR reports a 28-year-old Justin Scroggie of New Market was shot in the forearm by 42-year-old Brooks Lambert of Clarinda , who mistook Scroggie for a deer as the two were searching for an injured deer in some dense vegetation .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Singapore 's retail sales in October fell for a second consecutive month from a year earlier , due to a drop in sales of motor vehicles and at food retailers , data showed on Tuesday .
Shoppers walk through a mall in Singapore May 18 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas White/Files
Total retail sales fell 0.1 percent from a year earlier , after a revised 0.6 percent decline in the previous month , according to data from the Singapore Department of Statistics .
Sales of motor vehicles fell 3.8 percent in October from the year earlier , while sales at food retailers fell 3.9 percent in the same month from the year ago .
This comes after retail sales contracted for the first time in seven months in September .
Singapore , one of the world 's most expensive places to own a vehicle , announced in October that it will not allow any growth in its car population from February , citing the city-state 's land scarcity and billions of dollars in planned public transport investments .
On a month-on-month and seasonally adjusted basis , total retail sales rose 1.5 percent in October after falling 4.2 percent in the previous month .
More Videos 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland Pause 1:31 Brock Sturges shines in Allen 's win over Euless Trinity 0:11 Aledo 's Colt Ellison dishes out thunder with this hit 0:31 RAW : This Allen touchdown pass is out of the Brett Favre playbook 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth ? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys ' 30-10 win over the Giants 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers ' win over the Cowboys 0:32 Distracted driving PSA : 'Famous Last Words ' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Aledo defense smothers Richland Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo 's defense , which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory . Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo 's defense , which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory . Shawn Smajstrla ssmajstrla @ star-telegram.com
Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo 's defense , which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory . Shawn Smajstrla ssmajstrla @ star-telegram.com
New York Mets ' Adrian Gonzalez drives in a run with a double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Atlanta . John Bazemore AP Photo
The remains of a burnt dinghy boat following a rescue operation by the Libyan Coast Guard is seen in central Mediterranean Sea . According to the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms , the rescue performed by the Libyan Coast Guard took place about 40 ... more
The remains of a burnt dinghy boat following a rescue operation by the Libyan Coast Guard is seen in central Mediterranean Sea . According to the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms , the rescue performed by the Libyan Coast Guard took place about 40 nautical miles from the Libyan coast , northeast of the city of Al Khums . REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Close
For the fourth time this year , an inmate at London 's embattled provincial jail has died .
“ An inmate was found in medical distress at the Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre on Saturday night . Paramedics were called and the inmate was subsequently pronounced deceased , ” Andrew Morrison , spokesperson for the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services , said in an emailed statement .
“ It would be inappropriate for the ministry to comment further , as a number of investigations are under way . ”
London police confirmed Monday they were called to the provincial jail Saturday to help investigate a death .
“ We are assisting the coroner with the investigation of a death and foul play is not suspected , ” said Const . Sandasha Bough , a police spokesperson .
The name of the inmate and cause of death were not released .
Knowing few details , inmates ' advocate and London lawyer Kevin Egan said it was too early to draw any conclusions .
But given the problems that have plagued EMDC during the past 10 years — understaffing , overcrowding , the influx of inmates with mental health issues and a design that prevents constant monitoring — Egan said it 's clear whatever the province is trying is n't working .
“ It certainly belies the Ministry comments that they are trying to improve things when yet another person dies , ” he said .
Egan , who represents hundreds of inmates and former inmates in legal action over conditions at EMDC , re-iterated a call for wholesale change he 's been making for years .
“ Ideally , they raze EMDC and start all over again , ” Egan said .
A former inmate told The Free Press it should n't be easy to harm yourself at EMDC .
“ If they are being properly monitored , it would n't happen , ” he said .
Although EMDC has closed circuit cameras on the ranges , those cameras are n't monitored in real time , and are used to see what happened after the fact .
The death Saturday brings the total to 11 in eight years at EMDC .
In the summer , three inmates died , two of suspected overdoses and one of suicide .
In the cases of suspected overdoses , the cause of death has not been determined .
As usual , the recent death has launched investigations by the Ontario 's coroner 's office and the ministry itself .
“ The ministry conducts an internal investigation to determine whether all ministry policies and procedures were followed with respect to the care and custody of the deceased , ” Morrison said .
A coroner 's inquest is automatic for a death in custody that is not considered natural .
rrichmond @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
The numbers
EMDC deaths since 2009
Homicide : two
Natural : two
Suicide : two
Overdose or suspected overdose : four
Unknown cause : one
Buddhist monks in Thailand took to social media to call for violence against Muslims last year , the United States government said Tuesday in its latest annual report on curbs to religious freedom worldwide .
The U.S. State Department also highlighted concerns about issues affecting minority groups in Malaysia , Indonesia , India and Bangladesh , in its report that assesses religious freedom in 200 countries to sum up developments during the previous calendar year .
“ Where fundamental freedoms of religious expression , press and peaceful assembly are under attack , we find conflict , instability and terrorism . On the other hand , governments that champion these freedoms are more secure , stable and peaceful , ” U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told reporters in Washington as he released The International Religious Freedom Report for 2017 .
In its country report on Buddhist-majority Thailand , the state department pointed to how some members of the clergy who define themselves as Buddhist nationalists had “ used social media to call for violence against Muslims . They also criticized what they said was the state 's accommodation of Islam . ”
The Muslim community represents less than 5 percent of Thailand 's population but is largely concentrated in the far southern region known as the Deep South , where a Malay separatist insurgency has simmered for decades .
In September 2017 , the state department reported , the Thai military arrested Buddhist monk Apichat Punnajanatho in the Deep South because he was suspected of promoting violent , anti-Muslim hate speech .
The military flew him to Bangkok , where the nation 's leading Buddhist clerical body , the Supreme Sangha Council , disrobed and expelled him from the monkhood , the report said . It noted that Apichat was turned over to police but they did not charge him and later released him .
The state department said there were no reports last year of calls by Muslims advocating violence targeting Buddhists in Thailand .
Full story : BenarNews
BenarNews staff
Washington
Copyright ©2018 , BenarNews . Used with the permission of BenarNews .
FILE - In this Wednesday , May 3 , 2017 , file photo , Sudan , the world 's last male northern white rhino , is photographed at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya . Researchers say Sudan has died after `` age-related complications . '' A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized Monday , March 19 , 2018 , after his condition `` worsened significantly '' and he was no longer able to stand . File AP Photo
In Canada it 's possible to register a corporation , open a bank account , and send and receive money overseas all without disclosing your name . This , the same kind of legal shroud offered by traditional tax havens , has been identified as a major facilitator of financial crime , money laundering and corruption .
There is so little urgency around the issue that when the conversation turns to collecting beneficial ownership information , provincial ministers take bathroom breaks , the source said .
Each time the finance ministers get together for their biannual meet , they 're more interested in talking about issues like public pensions than corporate disclosure rules , said the source who was present at the meetings and spoke to the Star about the confidential proceedings on the condition that they were not named .
Ever since the Panama Papers and Paradise Papers leaks detailed how dirty money from abroad is “ snow washed ” through anonymous companies in Canada , the federal government has been working with the provinces to tighten up their corporate registries that lack any information on a corporation 's true “ beneficial ” owners . But there has been little progress on the file .
Canada 's provinces are not resisting Ottawa 's efforts crack down on international money launderers and tax evaders . They just do n't appear to care , according to a senior source in the federal finance ministry .
Morneau needs the provinces to buy in to his plan because 93 per cent of all companies in Canada are registered at the provincial level .
“ We 've got to do this in concert with the provinces if we want to be effective , ” Morneau told the Star in an interview .
In December , the ministers struck a deal requiring companies to keep records of their beneficial owners on hand , which will enable police and tax follow illicit funds during an investigation .
Morneau said he was pleased with the agreement .
“ By the end of this year , the ( Canada Revenue Agency ) will have the ability to actually follow through and find out if people are hiding stuff , ” Morneau said . “ It will make a big difference . ”
Critics , however , said the deal was too timid and pointed to the U.K. , where beneficial ownership information for all corporations , big and small , is posted in a free searchable online database . The EU recently committed to establishing a public registry in the next 18 months .
“ Canada stands out as the laggard , ” said James Cohen , director of policy at Transparency International Canada . “ No doubt the finance minister is feeling pressure at the international level . He needs to make it felt at the domestic level . ”
While the Canadian federal corporate registry is currently available free online , it contains only the most rudimentary data . Many of the provinces are even less transparent .
Ontario , for example , requires a paid subscription to access basic company information and charges $ 24.05 per search . In this province , beneficial owners are not required to divulge their identity to government , let alone the public .
Canada committed to greater transparency at the G20 summit in Australia in 2014 . Since then , Canada and Japan are the only countries in the G7 that have not changed their business laws to follow through on the commitment , according to a Library of Congress report .
“ The Government of Canada should lead by example , as the EU member states have done , and have public beneficial ownership registries , which can be used as a model for all the provinces and territories , ” said Richard LeBlanc , a professor of corporate governance at York and Harvard Universities .
Last year , a Star/CBC investigation chronicled how dozens of websites around the world offer to register companies in Canada to avoid tax .
Documents in the Panama Papers revealed how Peruvian lawyers used an anonymous company in Quebec to evade taxes on more than $ 3 million .
The reports also revealed how one woman in Scarborough was listed as the director of over 200 companies . She did n't know who was behind any of them because she was paid $ 100 per year to sign legal documents , no questions asked .
In 2016 , Canada was identified as at high risk for money laundering by the Financial Action Task Force , an international body that evaluates risk in individual country 's financial systems . The anonymity provided by numbered companies in Canada has attracted international money launderers , the FATF report stated , and authorities are underestimating “ the risk emanating from tax crimes and foreign corruption . ”
“ Law enforcement agencies generally suffer from insufficient resources and expertise to pursue complex money laundering cases , ” states the international evaluation . “ Criminal sanctions applied are not sufficiently dissuasive , ” with sentences of one month to two years imprisonment “ even in cases involving professional money launderers . ”
This week , Canada was ranked 21st in the world for financial secrecy , two spots worse than its last ranking in 2016 , before the release of the Panama Papers .
By looking at the amount of money that flows through a country and the ease with which its true owner can be disguised , the Tax Justice Network ranked Canada worse than both Russia and China . Even traditional tax havens like Cyprus , Bermuda , and Barbados provide less cover for money laundering and corruption , according to the group of international accountants , academics and researchers .
This repeated raising of red flags has n't reached all the provinces , which remain unaware of the pressing need for reform , said Sasha Caldera , a member of Canadians For Tax Fairness who has been meeting with provincial and federal politicians on the issue of beneficial ownership .
“ There is n't a good understanding of why a registry is needed and how it works to curb money laundering , ” Caldera said .
“ We just have to boost the knowledge and bring the issue of beneficial ownership down to earth so government officials understand it and commit to getting it to work . ”
While optimistic that progress could be made with the provinces , Ottawa expects Canada will not be able to implement a national beneficial ownership registry like the UK .
Because the provinces have jurisdiction over business registration and are unlikely to give up that power , Ottawa is pushing for a national standard for transparency the provinces will all agree to abide by , the source said .
The Alfieri has been first showcased nearly two years ago . The car was a small 2+2 coupe based on the same platform as the Ghibli . When it was showcased , the Alfieri was expected to be launched on the market this year . However , this did n't happen because Maserati decided to push back the release of the production model all the way back into 2020 . Why ? Well , the Chinese market is currently not as strong as it used to be a Maserati thinks a new model would not make much sense for now . However , despite that , it seems that another concept for the car might be released with the 2017 Maserati Alfieri . This would basically be the production-ready model of the car showcased to the general public to get some last minute feedback .
Read Article
Staff Reporter
Mandwa Film Club Lok Virsa organized screening of American epic , historical film “ Gone with the Wind ” in connection with new year at Virsa Media Center .
A large number of people from twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi participated in the film screening .
Film ‘ Gone with the Wind ' is ranked No . 2 on the greatest films of the USA . It was adapted from Margaret Mitchell 's 1936 novel . It was produced by David O. Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming . Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and Reconstruction era .
The film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara , the strong-willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner , from her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes , who is married to his cousin , Melanie Hamilton , to her marriage to Rhett Butler .
The leading roles are portrayed by Vivien Leigh ( Scarlett ) , Clark Gable ( Rhett ) , Leslie Howard ( Ashley ) , and Olivia de Havilland ( Melanie ) . The casting was widely praised and many reviewers found “ Leigh ” especially suited to her role as Scarlett .
COLOMBO ( Reuters ) - Maldives President Abdulla Yameen will lift a 45-day state of emergency on Thursday and the government will bring bribery charges against former leader Maumoon Abdul Gayoom and the chief justice , said a senior Maldives diplomat .
FILE PHOTO Abdulla Yameen takes his oath as the President of the Maldives during a swearing-in ceremony at the parliament in Male November 17 , 2013 . REUTERS/Waheed Mohamed/File Photo
Yameen imposed a state of emergency on Feb. 5 for 15 days to annul a Feb. 1 Supreme Court ruling that quashed convictions against nine opposition leaders and ordered his government to free those held in prison . He later extended the state of emergency for another 30 days with parliament approval , a move challenged by the opposition .
Under the emergency , Yameen 's administration arrested former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , the chief justice , another Supreme Court judge , and a Supreme Court administrator on allegations of attempting to overthrow the government . They have all rejected the charges .
“ Unless something unusual happens , we should not have emergency by Thursday , ” Mohamed Hussain Shareef , Maldives Ambassador for Sri Lanka told a Foreign Correspondents Association forum on Monday .
“ The government has no intention of extending it any further barring very unusual circumstances like widespread violence . The intention is to do away with this state of emergency when the current 30 day period expires on March 22 . ”
Shareef said bribery charges against Chief Justice Abdulla Saeed and Supreme Court Judge Ali Hameed have been sent to the prosecutor general and that bribery charges will also be brought against former president Gayoom and Supreme Court administrator Hassan Sayeed .
“ That is definite . We know that charges will be pressed against the four of them , ” Shareef said .
Gayoom is accused of bribing the three legal professionals to overthrow the Yameen government .
Despite opposition claims that hundreds of people have been arrested under the state of emergency , Shareef said only 38 had been arrested so far while others were “ detained and released ” .
Maldives police told Reuters on Saturday that at least 139 opposition protesters were arrested as they attempted to defy orders under the state of emergency and march into the high security zone in capital Male .
When asked if any foreign agent or country had a role in the Maldives crisis , Shareef said : “ For my knowledge , the investigations at the moment are focused on local actors only ” .
Rights group Amnesty International has said the Maldivian government was using the emergency “ as a licence for repression , targeting members of civil society , judges and political opponents ” .
Yameen 's government retains a majority in parliament in the absence of the opposition 's 12 MPs who were stripped of their seats by Yameen 's party for defecting last year .
| The Valley Star Adviser | The Valley Star
Leftists should not object too much to Trumps travel ban as it was the Obama Administration that identified Iran , Iraq , Sudan , Syria , Libya , Somalia and Yemen as “ growing threats . ”
By Robert Gold
Staff Writer
On Jan. 27 , President Trump signed an executive order suspending the United States refugee program for 120 days , during which time the White House can reassess the merits of our refugee-vetting system . The order bans citizens of seven majority Muslim countries ; Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Yemen and Iraq .
First , this is not a Muslim ban . It only bans people from seven countries . Furthermore , if you are Christian and happen to live in one of these seven countries , you are also banned from entering the United States . If this were a Muslim ban , there would be many more countries included .
Second , those who have disparaged , criticized and undermined Trump 's executive order , do n't understand that this is a bipartisan issue . Let us remind our Leftist brothers and sisters that it was the Obama Administration who originally signed a law in December 2015 placing travel limitations on visitors from Iran , Iraq , Sudan and Syria . Two months later , in what was reportedly called an effort to address the “ growing threat from foreign terrorist fighters , ” Libya , Somalia and Yemen were added to the list .
For those who have argued that foreign nationals from this list have not been perpetrators of attacks on American soil , let us address a number of various cases reported over the past several years . In 2011 , two Iraqi refugees Waad Ramadan Alwan and Mohanad Shareef Hammadi were arrested in Bowling Green , Kentucky for allegedly aiding and abetting Al-Qaeda operatives through the shipment of weapons and money from the United States to Iraqi Insurgents . In November 2016 , Somali refugee Abdul Razak Ali Artan reportedly stabbed 13 students at Ohio State University with a butcher knife .
Finally , let us address European attitudes towards Muslim immigration . In a study carried out by UK-based think tank Chatham House , an average of 55 percent of Europeans surveyed in Britain , Italy , France and seven other countries , agreed that further migration from majority Muslim countries should be stopped . Therefore , we must acknowledge that Donald Trump 's policies are not obscure and they are not out of the mainstream . They are firmly in line with the actions taken by the Obama Administration and in comparison to what the Europeans are activating for , Trump has if anything shown compromise and restraint .
Plant Expansion Expected to Bring 350 Jobs to Calhoun County
COLUMBIA , SC ( WOLO ) – The South Carolina Governor 's office announced that Zeus Industrial Products is expanding operations in Calhoun County .
According to the Governor 's office , the $ 76 million dollar investment is expected to bring 350 jobs , over the next several years .
Zeus develops and manufacturers polymer tubing for a variety of industries , including the medical , fluid handling and electrical markets .
The expansion site will be located approximately two miles from Zeus ' existing Gaston , S.C. facility , off of I-26 near Exit 119 , say officials .
Expected completion of the newly expanded site is set for 2019 .
* U.S. non-farm payrolls data beat expectations * Palladium on track for biggest weekly drop since Sept * GRAPHIC-2018 asset returns : tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Releads , updates throughout , adds comment ) By Jan Harvey LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Gold fell 1 percent on Friday in the wake of stronger than expected U.S. non-farm payrolls data which shored up expectations that the Federal Reserve will press ahead with interest rate hikes this year . That drove the dollar higher against a currency basket , putting it on track for its biggest one-day rise since late October , pressuring gold , which is priced in the U.S. unit . Spot gold was down 1 percent at $ 1,334.95 an ounce at 1420 GMT , while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were $ 10.30 an ounce lower at $ 1,337.60 an ounce . Labor Department data showed U.S. job growth surged in January and wages rose further , posting their largest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years . That supported expectations that inflation will rise this year . `` This should cause rate hike expectations , lift the U.S. dollar and weigh on gold , '' Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch said . `` In particular the wage rise is eye-catching as this could ultimately push core inflation towards the Fed 's 2 percent target . '' `` The Fed already raised its inflation view in the statement this week , '' he said . The U.S. bond market 's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday and U.S. Treasury yields rose further , with the 10-year hitting a four-year high as the data intensified the current bond market rout . The dollar 's bounce put it on course for its first weekly increase in seven weeks , after the currency slid to a three-year low last week . Its weakness was a key factor driving gold to 17-month highs on Jan. 25 at $ 1,366.07 an ounce . `` For gold it is more about the U.S. dollar , '' ABN Amro analyst Georgette Boele said . `` Even if rate hike expectations go up but the U.S. dollar does n't , gold will perform well . '' On the physical side of the market , demand improved this week in major consumer India , with jewellers resuming purchases after the government kept import taxes on the metal unchanged . Demand remained subdued in most other centres in Asia . Holdings of the world 's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund , New York 's SPDR Gold Shares , were on track to decline for the first week in three this week , indicating more subdued investment appetite for the metal . Silver was 1.7 percent lower at $ 16.94 an ounce , while platinum was down 1 percent at $ 995.30 and palladium was up 0.6 percent at $ 1,042.97 . After hitting record highs this month , palladium fell to its lowest since Dec. 18 at $ 1,013.72 on Thursday and is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September , down 4.4 percent . ( Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru ; Editing by David Evans and Mark Potter )
BOSTON -- It 'd be easy for Jayson Tatum to believe his own hype . Consider this series of events before the Boston Celtics ' 19-year-old rookie , the No . 3 pick in the 2017 draft , has even played his first real NBA game :
( 1 ) After watching the pingpong balls defy the Celtics for decades during the draft lottery , Danny Ainge finally landed the No.1 overall pick ( assist to the Brooklyn Nets ) then promptly traded it -- and the right to select presumed top pick Markelle Fultz -- while shuffling back two spots and picking up a future asset . Ainge later suggested he would have taken Tatum at No . 1 even if the Celtics had not moved back .
( 2 ) In his first summer league game , playing against Fultz and the Philadelphia 76ers , no less , Tatum hit a step-back jumper in the final seconds to lift Boston to victory . The highlight got heavy air time on SportsCenter over the next 24 hours and talking heads debated whether Tatum could be the next Paul Pierce .
( 3 ) Pierce unexpectedly dropped by the Celtics ' training facility this summer , showed Tatum a blank banner hanging in the corner , and said it was his job to help fill it in . Afterward , Pierce told NBC Sports Boston that Tatum has the sort of skills that Pierce did n't develop until six or seven years into his NBA career ( by which point he was a multiple-time All-Star averaging as much as 26.1 points per game ) .
( 4 ) Kyrie Irving , still getting settled after the late-August trade that delivered him to Boston , was asked a rather benign question about Tatum 's potential and proceeded to gush about the rookie for nearly a full minute while declaring that the `` sky is the limit '' for Tatum . Irving added that he 's `` serious when I tell you guys that that dude is a bad dude . ''
( 5 ) On the second day of training camp in Newport , Rhode Island , after Tatum had started to distinguish himself with his natural feel for the game , 11-year NBA veteran Al Horford suggested that Tatum is , `` as ready as I 've seen any rookie . '' Pressed on whether Tatum will be able to contribute in his first season , Horford did n't hesitate with his response : `` No question . ''
And yet , when all of this is presented to Tatum , he offers a half smile and shrugs .
`` I know I have to come in here every day and just work , '' said Tatum , downplaying all the chatter about his potential . `` I need to do the small things and do what 's best for the team .
On this day , the soft-spoken Duke product has had a rough go in one-on-one drills while working against teammates Jaylen Brown ( the No . 3 pick in the 2016 draft ) and Marcus Smart ( the No . 6 pick in the 2014 draft ) and would prefer to be getting up some extra jumpers rather than trying to help a reporter determine whether we need to slow down a hype train that Tatum 's not even certain he deserves .
`` Most guys in my position do n't get drafted to such a high-caliber team like the Celtics , so it makes me work harder because I have to compete and earn everything , '' he said .
As he talks , Tatum 's eyes are glued to Brown , who has returned to the floor for some shots following their one-on-one battles . The two were fast friends this summer , especially having already crossed paths during their high school days . Brown knows all about what Tatum is about to experience and is eager to help him along the way .
Brown , after riding the rookie roller coaster a year ago , is competing for a starting job this season . He speaks with a wisdom well beyond his mere 20 years , and that 's reflected when he calls Tatum `` Kid '' while praising the way Tatum approaches the game .
Brown sees all the potential that the others do in Tatum , but really appreciates the way he handles all the promotion .
`` First off , he 's really talented and super humble , '' Brown said . `` Me and him connected a lot because we get along and kind of see things the same way . It 's amazing how cool and humble he is . He 's very to himself and , at the same time , he 's a great kid , great to be around .
`` He just has that mindset that he wants to get better . He competes and sometimes we pick each up other up when we 're slacking . That 's good because we 're just going to keep pushing ourselves to be better and that 's what I admire about him . He has that mindset , and not a lot of people in our generation do . ''
Veteran teammates such as Kyrie Irving are excited about Jayson Tatum 's potential . Brian Babineau/NBAE/Getty
Make no mistake , Tatum is kind of a big deal . The Duke product will earn $ 5.6 million this year ; only Boston 's star trio of Gordon Hayward ( $ 29.7 million ) , Al Horford ( $ 27.7 ) and Irving ( $ 18.9 ) will earn more .
Tatum is one of a handful of rookies to sign a shoe deal with Nike this summer . He shares an agent with Irving , in Jeffrey Wechsler of PRP , whose roster of clients is so tiny they 'd need retired Shaquille O'Neal to lace up his high-tops in order to put together a game of three-on-three .
Tatum sheepishly did ask Wechsler about one other potential endorsement deal after signing his rookie pact . Tatum loves Imo 's Pizza from his native St. Louis . Tatum 's reps reached out and the pizza company was intrigued by a partnership . Now Tatum is one of only two spokesmen for the chain , the other being 2011 World Series MVP David Freese , another St. Louis native .
Tatum , who quite often tweeted his love of Imo 's throughout his high school and college days , has frozen pizzas shipped to his Boston-area apartment so he can enjoy the unique style of pie .
times like this need some imos ! ! ! https : //t.co/E6KcTu2ACl — Jayson Tatum ( @ jaytatum0 ) October 16 , 2016
`` Thin crust , provolone cheese , marina sauce -- it 's just a St. Louis thing , '' said Tatum . `` That 's what I grew up eating . I 'm probably biased . ''
Tatum brought another slice of home with him to Massachusetts . His mother , Brandy Cole , is living in the same building here -- but on a different floor .
Tatum looks a bit perplexed when a reporter wonders if an NBA player having his mother living nearby could get awkward . He 's quick to note , `` I 've always lived with my mom . My whole life . It 's nothing new to me . ''
It 's a reminder of just how young Tatum is . He wo n't turn 20 until after the All-Star break this season .
`` It means a lot because , at the end of the day , I 'm still 19 , '' said Tatum said of having his mother there . `` Only 18 months ago , I was in high school . I do n't know everything yet . I am growing up , but I still need help along the way . ''
Jayson Tatum , the 3rd overall pick in the 2017 NBA Draft , is going to be in the rotation for a team expected to contend this season . Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE/Getty
It was noteworthy that Tatum was one of Boston 's first subs during the team 's exhibition opener on Monday night , checking in alongside Smart early in the first quarter . Tatum is likely to find immediate minutes playing multiple positions on the wing .
Less than a minute into his first preseason shift , Tatum got a wide-open look from in front of the Boston bench , where teammates rose in unison as he went up with his shot . Tatum missed badly , but got another look from the corner later in the quarter , only to find back rim . The nerves were obvious .
Tatum settled in during the second half , and his natural talents took over . His first NBA bucket came in the third quarter when , after trying to muscle his way into the post , he pulled up over Charlotte Hornets point guard Kemba Walker and splashed a long jumper . Tatum added three consecutive makes early in the fourth quarter , taking advantage of his length each time .
Ainge most certainly took a risk in moving back to select Tatum . If Fultz develops into the surefire star that most believe he 'll become , then there will always be some what-ifs . But in a modern NBA that puts a premium on 3-point shooting and defensive versatility , Tatum is an extremely intriguing prospect .
Yes , he must be more consistent with his 3-point shot ( he shot 34.2 percent in 29 games for Duke ) , but he did win the Celtics ' 3-point shooting challenge at the team 's open practice .
Tatum and the Celtics visit Fultz and the Sixers on Friday night in the first of two preseason games between the teams over a four-day span . Four more regular-season meetings await . The two 2017 draftees will forever be linked .
In the infancy of his NBA career , the Celtics believe they have barely scratched the surface with Tatum .
`` Bottom line is , he can get so much better , '' Celtics coach Brad Stevens said . `` He 's already a good player , but he can get a lot better . I think that 's one of our charges , is to really make sure that every day is a learning day .
`` He 's got a good attitude about it . I think he 's a lot like Jaylen from the standpoint of I do n't think he 's going to get too high or too low . He 's got a really even-keel about him . ''
Yes , Brown might like that Tatum does n't get caught up in his own hype , but he does n't mind fueling it , either .
`` You can expect a great year from JT , '' Brown said . `` I think scoring the ball is something that he does easy and I think we 're going to need that . I think that 's going to be obvious .
`` I think Jayson 's athleticism and his versatility , being able to guard multiple positions and things like that , are going to be impressive as well . And his length -- when we start getting deep into the playoffs , we 're going to need that . JT 's going to be a great asset to this team going forward and going into the future for however long he 's here or I 'm here . ''
For Celtics fans , the Tatum-Brown bromance leaves them weak in the knees . Not only are the two likely to be key pieces if Boston is to contend for a title now , but they might just be the faces of the franchise further down the road .
Brown suggested that he and Tatum are `` kindred spirits . '' That was obvious at summer league where they embraced a `` 7-Eleven '' nickname based on their jersey numbers .
But when Boston traded Avery Bradley in July in order to create the cap room necessary to sign prized free-agent Hayward , Tatum 's preferred No . 0 became available . Brown tried to convince Tatum to stick with No . 11 but the rookie wanted his collegiate digit .
`` I did try to dissuade him a little bit , but it 's all good , '' Brown said . `` We are going to figure out something , some other nickname we 're going to come up with . We 've already been talking about it actually . He [ messaged ] me [ on Snapchat ] last night and was like , 'Man , we have to come up with something . ' I guess he looks at me as the brains of the operation , so I 'm like , 'All right . I got you . ' ''
Unfortunately , Brown and Tatum 's basketball skills are , at least thus far , better than their marketing skills .
`` The names that we were thinking were pretty bad though , '' Brown said . `` We had 'Bread and Butter . ' Terrible . We had 'Peanut Butter and Jelly ' -- 'PB and J ' is what he said . It was n't very good . ''
Tatum confirmed that the nickname hunt has turned up nothing but duds . He figures it 's just one more thing he needs to work on this season .
We 're not sure if more strange things necessarily happen in Lufkin than in other small towns , but the police blotter at the Lufkin Daily News has always been one of our favorites in the state . Here are some of the highlights from January .
January 2
A thirsty thief entered a store on New Year 's Eve and reportedly stole two thirty-packs of beer .
January 3
A man reportedly left a baggie of methamphetamine on the counter at Love 's Country Store .
January 6
A woman reported to police on Thursday that a friend threw a pair of sunglasses at her and struck her in the arm .
January 9
An inmate at the Angelina County Jail became angry while speaking with a visitor in the visitation area and threw the telephone receiver into the separation window , which caused it to break .
Someone stole ladders from a business .
January 11
Traveling scammers get complimentary stay at county jail . Lufkin Police arrested three people from Georgia who allegedly tricked restaurant cashiers into giving them extra change Tuesday evening .
January 23
Someone reported being a bit on the leg and lower lip Sunday by a person they are in a relationship with .
January 25
A mother reported her oldest child took her younger child to another state in December . The children 's father went to the location and brought the younger child home . The mother wishes to file kidnapping charges against her older child .
January 27
A subject reportedly sent over eighty inappropriate text messages and phone calls to a complainant .
January 30
A woman reported she gave another woman $ 7 on Sunday to buy her a pack of cigarettes . The other woman never returned .
January 31
A hot thief reportedly stole two window units in a burglary .
The former nurse charged in the deaths of eight long-term care patients made a brief court appearance in Woodstock .
Elizabeth Wettlaufer , 49 , appeared by video link from the Vanier Centre for Women in Milton .
It was the first time she 's been in court since additional four charges of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault were laid against her last month .
She is due back in court March 3 , court heard Wednesday .
The bodies of two of Wettlaufer 's alleged victims , including that of Londoner Arpad Horvath Sr. , were exhumed in January .
Wettlaufer faces eight murder charges , four attempted murder charges and two charges of aggravated assault .
More later at LFPress.com
A committee in the Iowa Senate has voted to expand Iowa 's medical marijuana law , but the move faces firm opposition in the Iowa House .
Critics say current state restrictions make it difficult for the companies that won state licenses to make and sell cannabis oil , creams and pills to stay in business . The bill that cleared the Senate Ways and Means Committee Monday afternoon would get rid of a limit on the amount of the “ THC ” chemical allowed in cannabis products . Dane Schumann , a lobbyist for MedPharm Iowa , said the change is “ crucial ” for the success of the company .
“ With that THC cap in place at three percent as it is , it 's going to be extremely difficult for MedPharm to treat the patients that the legislature has asked us to treat , ” he said , “ particularly those with severe and chronic pain ad many cancer patients that are experiencing pain as well . ”
Peter Komendowski of the Partnership for a Drug-free Iowa opposes the idea of increasing THC levels in cannabis products .
“ It is the open door , the Trojan Horse that establishes all of the basis for legalizing marijuana use , ” Komandowski said . “ …I am very hard-pressed to find anybody in the medical community , mental health treatment that says we should rush to market with a product that has not been thoroughly tested and evaluated and approved by the FDA . ”
Last year legislators voted to set up a state-licensed system for growing , producing and selling cannabis products in Iowa , but the cannabis may only be used as treatment for 15 specific medical conditions . Bruce Beeston , who represents the National Veterans Recovery Center , told the senate committee most veterans would like to see the cannabis oil , pills and cream available as treatment for post traumatic stress .
“ I know several hundred of them who have been treating themselves for 40 years and doing a great job with it , ” Beeston said . “ We 'd love to see it be legalized , come up with a way that they could get it in a way other than smoking it . ”
House Speaker Linda Upmeyer has made it clear this year that she opposes expanding Iowa 's medical marijuana law . Upmeyer says lawmakers should wait for a panel of experts that will review the law starting in May and report their findings to the legislature .
The Nigeria Customs Service has intercepted N23m worth of illegally imported rice brought into the country through the Port Harcourt Port.This was contained in this year 's third quarter report presented by the Port Harcourt Area 2 command of the service.The Nigerian Customs Service says it is winning the war against smugglers and illegal importations.According to the Comptroller of Port Harcourt area 2 command , Abubakar Bashir , the service has saved the country more than N400m from seizures made between January and September 2017.He said illegally imported rice accounts for a large chunk of that figure.In line with achieving the target of tightening port security the comptroller said a lot more can be achieved with the provision of functional scanners.In addition , the Port Harcourt area 2 command of the Nigerian customs service says it has so far achieved 67 percent of its annual financial target.The comptroller is optimistic that by the end of the year , the command under his leadership would have surpassed its N112.5bn mark .
The upcoming Paramount Network series “ American Woman ” is changing showrunners before its debut , Variety has confirmed .
“ 30 Rock ” alum and Emmy winner John Riggi has exited the series , citing creative differences . John Wells will now step in to finish out the show 's first season . Wells is executive producing the series through his John Wells Productions banner .
“ American Woman ” is inspired by the life of “ Real Housewives ” star Kyle Richards , and will star Alicia Silverstone and Mena Suvari . Set amid the sexual revolution and the rise of second-wave feminism , “ American Woman ” follows Bonnie ( Silverstone ) , an unconventional mother struggling to raise her two daughters ( Makenna James and Lia Ryan McHugh ) after leaving her husband . With the help of her two best friends , Kathleen ( Suvari ) and Diana ( Jennifer Bartels ) , these three women will each discover their own brand of independence in a world reluctant to give it . The series landed a 12-episode order for its first season .
Riggi served as the writer and executive producer of the series , with Wells also executive producing . Richards serves as a co-executive producer . The series is produced by John Wells Productions in association with Warner Horizon Scripted Television . Brad Gardner , senior vice president of development and original programming for Paramount Network and TV Land , will serve as the executive in charge of production and will oversee the project for the network .
“ American Woman ” was originally in development at TV Land but was moved over to Spike in March , ahead of the latter network 's rebrand as the Paramount Network in January 2018 as part of restructuring at parent company Viacom . Paramount Network is also developing a series adaptation of the classic high school movie “ Heathers , ” and will debut the original series “ Yellowstone ” starring Kevin Coster and written by Oscar nominee Taylor Sheridan .
UNITED NATIONS , Dec 11 ( APP ) : More than 8 million people in war-torn Yemen are a step away from famine , the United Nations has warned .
Jamie McGoldrick , the UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen , raised the alarm on Monday , adding that though a Saudi-led coalition blockade had been slightly eased , the situation in the Arab country remained dire .
“ The continuing blockade of ports is limiting supplies of fuel , food and medicines ; dramatically increasing the number of vulnerable people who need help , ” he said in a statement .
The Washington Post is reporting that President Trump told federal officials to deny Iowa 's request to stabilize the individual health insurance market .
The Washington Post reports Trump became outraged after he read a Wall Street Journal account of what has become called the state 's “ stop gap ” plan . It 's an attempt to help up to 72,000 Iowans buy individual insurance policies for 2018 through the Affordable Care Act exchange . Trump reportedly directed the federal agency in charge of reviewing the state 's request to tell Iowa no .
Iowa officials say there 's been no denial delivered . The only notice they 've gotten is that Iowa 's waiver request has been “ deemed….complete. ” That triggered a required public comment period that ends October 19 .
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic Pause
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:46 Publix 'shopper ' steals lots of Red Bull
1:08 Council 's , historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton , reopens for business
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP did n't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
Charlie Puth has claimed dating Selena Gomez `` really messed him up . ''
The 26-year-old singer worked with the brunette beauty on the hit track 'We Do n't Talk Anymore ' back in 2016 - during which time they struck up a relationship - but he has admitted it was hard to date her because she had someone else on her mind .
Speaking to Billboard magazine , Charlie said : `` It 's about a particular moment in my life , when someone very close to me wanted the attention of somebody else .
`` When I found that out and we ended it , I might have done some shady things too , and she might have asked me , 'How long has this been going on ? '
`` I do n't kiss and tell , but the only way a song like that can come across as real is if there 's something else going on behind the scenes . And that 's what was happening .
`` It really messed me up . I 'm trying to put this the best way possible : It was n't like I was the only person on her mind . And I think I knew that going in -- what I was getting myself into .
`` And she evoked such good emotion on that song , it was a pleasure working with her . That 's why I 'm happy to sing it , even though it came from a dark point in my life . ''
Charlie has never spoken about his relationship with Selena , 25 , before but fans started joining the dots when he unfollowed her on social media after a spat with her then-ex Justin Bieber , she never made it into the music video for 'We Do n't Talk Anymore ' and he used a portrait very similar to her in his 'How Long ' video .
And Charlie had every right to be cautious of Justin as Selena has since got back together with the 23-year-old singer - who she dated on and off for four years - after he reached out to her around the time she was having an emergency kidney transplant in the summer of last year due to her battle with Lupus .
Sunday , August 13 , 2017 at 9:58 pm |
( TNS ) - In the 1960s , John F. Kennedy was facing the threat of nuclear weapons within striking distance of the United States . The Soviet forward-deployment forced America to stop Russia 's advance , just 90 miles from the homeland . Brinksmanship brought Kennedy “ eyeball to eyeball ” with Nikita Khrushchev . It was the Soviet president who blinked .
Fast forward to 2017 . President Trump will not be the one who blinks , but someone else might . If it is Kim Jong-un , then the game of chicken and nuclear confrontation has paid off for this U.S. administration . The real challenge in this crisis , however , faces not Kim but his patron in Beijing .
Indeed , the real question in 2017 is whether Chinese President Xi Jinping will blink .
Trump 's team won a remarkable unanimous-vote U.N. Security Council resolution to punish North Korea last week . It was a diplomatic coup that set the legal and multilateral stage for action against North Korea and any nation aiding and abetting the pariah state . Mainly , that means China .
The current North Korean escalation could not come at a worse time for Xi politically . China 's critical 19th Party Congress is approaching and the threat to Xi 's consolidation of power and leadership is real . He needs to manage a Korean Peninsula toward a politically acceptable draw , or even a win . From Xi 's perspective , China 's client state can not be seen to suffer a humiliating loss . Indeed , he must recognize that the Cuban missile crisis shows what can happen to powerful leaders who lose face .
In October 1962 , Khrushchev was at the party helm when he appeared to back down on Cuba . No amount of shoe banging was going to give him the power or credibility to control his Communist Party after the U.S. naval blockade and Cuban showdown . Khrushchev was deposed not long after that loss .
Now it is Xi who must try to save face as the North Korean crisis provides a rationale for the United States to build a bigger defensive ring around the peninsula , and , by extension , around China . Making sure that Pyongyang 's threats do not give Japan , Thailand , South Korea , Taiwan , and Vietnam the justification for new and improved anti-ballistic missile and radar systems is a task that sits with Beijing . Those recently installed on an abandoned golf course south of Seoul are already unnerving the Chinese government .
An effective and pervasive missile defense radar system could begin to neutralize intercontinental ballistic threats posed by North Korea , but also render China 's second-strike retaliatory capabilities of its ICBMs ineffective . Altogether , a more assertive U.S. and allied posture changes the strategic equation for the entire region . The stakes have been raised for China .
While Trump 's “ fire and fury ” sounds an awful lot like President George W. Bush 's “ shock and awe , ” there is a dramatic difference : American tactical and strategic nuclear weapons use now seems on the table . Where other presidents have considered using nukes as a last resort and an avoidable mistake , this president mused casually and openly during the 2016 campaign about South Korea and Japan developing their own nuclear weapons . Nukes are discussed more and more than just another war fighting tool .
Nuclear weapons were unimaginable back when America fought its historic instincts and traditions . It avoided “ foreign entanglements. ” But America grew-up at the end of the 19th century and Teddy Roosevelt brought us a world of foreign adventure by starting America 's engagement with his made-to-order Spanish-American war .
Roosevelt memorably said America should be feared by “ speaking softly and carrying a big stick. ” Speaking softly is not President Trump 's forte . He is more of a blusterbun who believes America 's advanced weaponry and overwhelming preponderance of big sticks allows his amplified , already loud voice to get cranked up to 11 on a scale of 10 . That 's his style . Rhetorical tools are often his most effective weapons . Ask 16 Republican primary losers .
Winning the unanimous 15-0 United Nations Security Council vote was exceptional . It allows the United States enormous latitude to deal with or confront an increasingly threatening North Korea . Xi likely had to approve the U.N. go-ahead vote personally . That vote responsibly sold-out its client state in Pyongyang , as duly-noted by the North Koreans who indirectly criticized their Beijing patrons . But President Xi is looking squarely at a globally responsible action that may be seen domestically as a political miscalculation that could weaken him in a contemporary whipped-up hyper-nationalist China of his making .
Nuclear brinksmanship is back and it is faceoff time . America with its power supremacy has its weapons idling , waiting for the other side to make a move — diplomatically or militarily . The hope and calculation is that Kim 's twitchy trigger finger can be effectively stilled by a future-oriented survivalist Chinese leader who values the global commons . The stakes are whether Xi and the world survive unscathed .
MANCHESTER , England ( Reuters ) - Romelu Lukaku struck twice on his Premier League debut for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho 's side made an emphatic start to their campaign with a 4-0 win over West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday .
The Belgian striker , who was signed from Everton in a 75-million-pound ( $ 97.58-million ) move last month , began repaying that investment with two fine finishes but it was not only his imposing presence in attack that give United a very different feel from last season .
Another close-season recruit , Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic , brought from Chelsea , made an excellent debut in the defensive midfield role , breaking up any threats from West Ham and then prompting United 's attacks with intelligence .
With Marcus Rashford 's pace and directness down the left flank and Henrikh Mkhitaryan 's trickery on the right , United showed a variety and inventiveness that too often was missing last season when they drew 10 home games .
One of those home draws came against the Hammers , the fourth in a row at Old Trafford , and a frustrated Mourinho was sent to the stands .
While the United manager has too much experience and sense to get carried away with an opening-day win , he acknowledged his side had delivered a quality performance .
`` The fact we start winning and are top , it means nothing . The performance and the levels of confidence is what means a lot to me . We lost two points against them last season and had similar games where we were dominated . Today we got the three points , '' he said .
Lukaku opened the scoring in the 33rd minute , blasting in off the post after latching on to a clever through ball from Rashford , who had run with the ball from deep in his own half .
West Ham , whose forward forages were rare , came close to levelling on the stroke of half-time when David De Gea was forced into a fine save by a well-struck effort from Edimilson Fernandes .
But Lukaku made it 2-0 seven minutes after the break , rising to meet a Mkhitaryan free kick with a superbly angled header into the far bottom corner .
Substitute Anthony Martial made it 3-0 in the 87th minute with a side-foot finish after being played in , again by Mkhitaryan .
Moments later Paul Pogba fired in the fourth after he was slipped in by Martial to complete the rout to the delight of the home support .
`` The fans want to see attractive football and we have to stick to that , '' said Lukaku .
`` They will be pleased today . It is just the start , we need to keep working to the manager 's plan . ''
( $ 1 = 0.7686 pounds )
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Competitors of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday opposing legislation that provides billions of dollars in subsidies to the power giant .
The legislation approved in December provides as much as $ 235 million per year to Exelon to keep unprofitable nuclear plants running in Clinton and the Quad Cities . More than 4 million customers of power-distributing subsidiaries ComEd and Ameren will pay more to finance the plan .
The lawsuit filed U.S. District Court in Chicago challenges the law on constitutional grounds .
Crain 's Chicago Business reports ( http : //bit.ly/2lf0W6v ) the competitors , including Houston-based Dynegy , allege the subsidies undermine wholesale power markets that are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission .
“ It will profoundly disrupt the FERC-approved energy market auction structure and result in the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars a year of ratepayer funds to Exelon at the expense of other generators that would have been economically viable without discriminatory subsidies , ” the lawsuit stated .
Exelon contends the legislation provides it similar mechanisms that have aided renewable energy development for years .
“ Exelon opposes misguided and parochial efforts to block state lawmakers from taking legitimate steps to protect the environment and promote sound economic policies for their citizens , ” Exelon said in a statement Tuesday .
Illinois Clean Jobs Coalition is slamming the lawsuit , saying the filers want to shackle Illinoisans to higher costs and dangerous fuels of the past .
Consumer groups , including the nonprofit BEST Coalition , argue the plants are n't needed and keeping them open will cost ratepayers more anyway .
The plan , to go into effect in June , would cost 3.1 million northern Illinois customers of Exelon 's power-distributing subsidiary , ComEd , an average of 25 cents more per month during the life of the plan . In central and southern Illinois , Ameren 's 1.2 million customers would pay an additional 12 cents or fewer monthly , the company said .
Both companies said the increase could be less because of rate caps that Gov . Bruce Rauner , who has argued repeatedly in favor of saving jobs , insisted on in return for his support , lawmakers said .
—
Information from : CRAIN 'S CHICAGO BUSINESS .
Comments
comments
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Infotmic Co Ltd
* Says 4 million shares held by controlling shareholder were frozen in order by Shanghai Huangpu district people 's court , from Jan. 30 , 2018 to Jan. 29 , 2021
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/bN5DX7
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
( Reuters ) - India 's Videocon Industries Ltd said on Tuesday it sold its entire stake in its joint venture with U.S.-based Liberty Mutual Insurance Group to Diamond Dealtrade Ltd and Enam Securities Pvt Ltd .
Videocon , which had a 51.32 percent stake in the venture , Liberty Videocon General Insurance Company Ltd , sold 26 percent stake to DP Jindal Group 's Diamond Dealtrade and the remaining to Enam Securities .
The deal value was not disclosed .
The JV will change its name to Liberty General Insurance Company Ltd .
Videocon did not say why it exited the insurance business . However , it is one of the companies that are being taken to bankruptcy court by its lenders for resolution of debt .
HEAD COACH Nigel Adkins hailed his Hull City side 's character and togetherness after they dug deep to record their first win in eight Championship matches and ease their relegation fears with a 3-2 success over Brentford .
READ MORE - Big Match Verdict : Adkins effect brings positive effect to tumultuous Tigers
The KCOM Stadium 's reputation as being the place to be to see goals continued as five arrived in a frenetic second period as the Tigers prevailed – while taking the tally of goals netted at the ground to 49 this season .
Unfortunately , Hull 's reputation for shipping late goals was also enhanced as they conceded for a 12th time in the last ten minutes of matches this term – with their overall tally of 37 goals against being the worst defensive record in the division .
But thankfully , Hull 's attacking traits were also showcased impressively as they scored three goals in the second period to claim just their third win in 16 matches . Adkins , whose injury-hit side cast aside the concession of a calamitous own goal from David Meyler to triumph after going behind , said : “ I was really pleased with the character and togetherness of the team .
“ Things are not going to go your way all the time , so how are you going to respond to it ?
“ I told them in the first meeting with the players that if you get knocked down , you have got to pick yourself up and go again . You can not be blaming other people . That is what life is .
“ We have got a big injury list , but everybody has been superb since I have come in with their attitude . It is a good win and it is important because it lifts confidence .
“ But they have also shown a character that they want to work for each other and do well .
“ They have scored some good goals and in the second half I think we were very exciting . We also showed a willingness to defend for each other as well .
Hull City 's new manager Nigel Adkins on the touchline . ( Picture : Tony Johnson )
“ They scored late on , but we can not do everything in one go . It is stepping stones for us to build confidence . ”
Adkins also professed delight for the club 's supporters , who whole-heartedly backed their side 's stirring efforts in the second half and kept with them , despite seeing the Tigers fall behind straightaway after the break .
Adkins added : “ I am pleased for the players , but I am delighted for the supporters . The atmosphere was superb , especially in the second half .
“ They wanted to help each other . That is what we need because we are at the wrong end of the division . ”
Things are not going to go your way all the time , so how are you going to respond to it ? Hull City boss , Nigel Adkins
The win lifted Hull up two places to 18th ahead of tough back-to-back away games at Cardiff City and Leeds United .
London
Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Yao Jing has said that his country is in contact with the Afghan Taliban 's Qatar office and has repeatedly requested them to participate in talks .
However , the ambassador , in an interview with BBC Urdu service , said that China does not have influence over the Afghan Taliban .
Speaking of relations between Pakistan and Afghanistan , he said that his country wishes for cordial ties between the two neighbours and it is also striving for Afghan reconciliation process .
Commenting on the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor , Jing said the multi-billion dollar corridor will be expanded to other regional states , including Afghanistan , as well .
He said the corridor is in its first phase , under which , work is ongoing on 21 projects , whereas another 20 are in the pipeline .
The ambassador said that around 10,000 Chinese nationals have been working on CPEC projects in Pakistan , and he has been satisfied with steps taken by Pakistan for their security.Around 60,000 Pakistanis have also been working on CPEC-related projects , according to the ambassador . Jing said law and order situation in Pakistan has significantly improved , compared to the past . —INP
5 players who should have been picked for T20I squad
Some T20 specialists did n't make the cut .
@ srihari_93 by Srihari Top 5 / Top 10 15 Aug 2017 , 01:03 IST
Raina 's T20I future remains uncertain
India 's squad for the solitary T20I against does n't include some stellar names . But the chairman of selectors , MSK Prasad said that the whole reason behind the wholesale changes was to find a core of players that will play for India in the 2019 World Cup .
While that sounds like a great idea and one that might well prove to be incredibly successful , it was surprising to see India not pick some talented T20 stars for the solitary T20I that they will be playing against Sri Lanka .
Preparing for the World Cup is one thing , but have T20 specialists strut their stuff in the format is an idea that still seems lost on India . So there were several players , who were unlucky to miss out on a spot in the T20I side .
Here are five players who should have been picked for the T20I squad :
Suresh Raina
The future of Suresh Raina in the Indian colors is a curious one . He has n't been played an ODI since 2015 and with the emergence Kedar Jadhav and Hardik Pandya , who seemed to have taken up the finishers ' role , it looks unlikely that he will be able to mount a serious comeback into the side .
However , his T20I role is far more complicated . With nearly 7,000 T20 runs to his name , he is India 's leading run-scorer in the format . While his numbers for India have been slightly worse than his career T20 numbers , he still has been good enough to warrant a place in the T20 side .
He was included in the T20I squad to face England at the start of the year but has surprisingly been left out of the next two T20 squads . On the back of another good IPL , Raina has proven his fitness and has been working incredibly hard to reclaim a spot in the T20I side .
However , he has n't got the opportunity to prove himself despite being one of India 's best T20 batsmen of all-time . At 30 , all is not yet lost for Raina , but he will be hoping that he gets his chance sooner rather than later .
SPORTS 5/30/18
Mt Pleasant baseball team picked up their 2nd and 3rd wins of the season defeating Keokuk 21-0 in the 1st game of a home double header Tuesday night , Colby Potts picked up the win on the mound . In game two the Panthers won 8-1 .
AREA BASEBALL SCORES : New London 5 Danville 1 , Burlington and Fairfield split a double header Grayhounds won the 1st game 5-4 Fairfield won the night cap 11-5 . Wapello 13 WMU 0 , Central Lee 3 Notre Dame 2
Keokuk downed Mt . Pleasant in the 1st game of a conference softball double header at Maple Leaf Field 10-5 , in game two Keokuk won 7-3 . M.P . is now 1-6 overall and 0-2 in the conference . Keokuk is 2-5 overall and 2-0 in the conference . Mt . Pleasant hosts Wapello in JV and varsity softball beginning at 5:30 pm .
AREA SOFTBALL SCORES : Wapello 4 WMU 1 , New London 4 Danville 3 , Pekin 12 Columbus Community 2 , L & M 7 IMS 0 , Burlington twice over Bettendorf 5-4 and 2-1 .
MPHS girls ' soccer team beat Fairfield 2-0 on the East Lake pitch in the regional semi-final . Mary West and Anna Ostby scored the goals . Panthers who are 12-5 now play at Pella against 12-2 Pella Monday night in the finals . The Lady Dutch won 6-0 over Grinnell in their semi-final match last night that had a half hour lightning delay .
CLASS 1A REGIONAL SOCCER QUARTERFINAL SCORES : Davenport Assumption 13 Wapello 0 , Marquette Catholic 7 Goose Lake Northeast 1 , Holy Trinity Catholic 3 Columbus Community 0 .
New London leads the girls class 1A State Golf Tournament after the first 18 holes with a 367 score , Iowa Valley is in 2nd with a 369 total . Casey Noble of New London leads the way with a 77 score to lead medalist play . Other Tiger scores Addie Pry shot 94 , Summer Malott 97 and Jaden Sreeter 99 . Carlie Loyd shot 118 and Hannah Ortberg added a 150 . Lexi Hartsock of Winfield Mt . Union qualified for state medalist play but chose not to compete .
Class 2A State Golf Tournament is led by Van Meter with a 361 score . Medalist after the 1st day is Morgan Weber of Dike New Hartford shooting a 75 , Ruthie Jahn of Mediapolis is 22nd in medal play with a 1st round score of 93 .
Class 3A Washington leads the way with a 334 score , in medal play freshman Anna Nachos leads with a 71 score , her sister Sara a senior for the Demons shot 83 . Gilbert is in 2nd with a 339 total .
Class 4A team golf race is led by Waukee with a 360 score , West Des Moines Valley is 25 strokes behind in 2nd place ..
The Southeast Iowa Super conference has named their all-conference soccer teams for the 2018 season . Here are the 1st team selections : From Columbus Community Felix Solis and Kevin Rodriquez . Sawyer Foster of Danville . Brandon Kincaid and Skylar Schau of Central Lee . Mathan Hines of Mediapolis , Hector Zepeda of Wapello . From Burlington Notre Dame Jakob Anderson , Sturgis Tornton and Slater Gifford . Adam Rauenbuehler of Holy Trinity Catholic , Isaiah Swantz and Cole Ours of IMS and coach of the year was Marcus Miller of IMS whose team has qualified for the Class 1A State Soccer Tournament this week .
Colton Mertens a Mt . Pleasant graduate and now a student at the University of Northern Iowa is a member of a cross fit team that finished 5th in the regional tournament in Nashville , Tenn. Over the weekend . That qualifies the team and Colten for the The 2018 Reebok CrossFit Games to be held this summer August 1-5 , 2018 at the Alliant Energy Center in Madison , Wisconsin !
The CrossFit Games are the world 's premier test to find the Fittest on Earth™ . They are world-renowned as a grueling test for the toughest athletes on Earth as well as a thrilling experience for spectators . Since its inception in 2007 , the CrossFit Games have become “ one of the fastest growing sports in America .
A Capitol Police Officer and police dog patrol around the U.S. Capitol in on Wednesday as security is increased following a shooting incident targeting Congressmen in nearby Virginia . ( Photo : Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images )
Washington — The president called on Americans to set aside their differences . One of his fiercest critics prayed for him and the safety of his family .
For one afternoon , Washington appeared to be knocked back into a lost era of solidarity in times of trial . Still , it felt naive to think it would last .
Wednesday 's jarring shooting of a top House Republican during a baseball practice both punctured the deep polarization in the nation 's capital and provided an instant reminder that such moments tend to be fleeting .
After incidents far more deadly , and at times even less riven with division , the moment of unity inevitably fades , replaced by the capital 's familiar infighting and harsh , personal attacks .
That was the case after the horrific shooting of 20 elementary school children in 2012 . And after the 2011 shooting of Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who was holding a constituent event in a supermarket parking lot when a gunman opened fire , killing six people .
The nation was divided then , too , still struggling to recover from a devastating economic crisis that exacerbated the gap between haves and have nots , and from the bruising political tussle over health care reform . Mark Kimble , who worked for Giffords then , said that for a period “ that now seems all too brief , there was an unbelievable amount of unity across party lines . ”
“ If this happens the way it did after Gabby was shot , I think it will last for a while , but I do n't think it will be any kind of sea change in how Washington operates , ” Kimble said .
The calls for change were frequent on Wednesday .
House Speaker Paul Ryan urged his colleagues “ to come together to lift each other up and to show the country , show the world that we are one House , the people 's House , united in our humanity . ”
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi decried the violence as “ an injury in the family. ” She offered her prayers for Trump and his own family .
But the answer to how long Washington can embrace this moment of unity may well rest with Trump , one of the most divisive figures in recent American political history .
Trump , in brief remarks from the White House Diplomatic Room , was scripted and restrained . He made no mention of the fact that the shooter had a history of lashing out at Republicans .
“ We may have our differences , but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because , above all , they love our country , ” he said . “ We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans , that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified . ”
Trump stepped into the role of unifier with historically low approval ratings for a president at this stage of his tenure . Overall , 64 percent disapprove and just 35 percent approve of the job he is doing as president , according to a recent poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research .
Trump has been a particularly polarizing figure since the moment he stepped onto the political stage . And there 's no doubt that he has contributed to the increasing corrosiveness that has gripped American politics .
As a candidate , he urged his supporters to “ knock the crap ” out of protesters who attended his rallies . He called Hillary Clinton , his Democratic rival in last year 's election , a “ nasty woman ” and vowed to throw her in jail if he won , a pledge he has not followed through with .
To be sure , Trump 's presidency has also prompted intense criticism from Democrats , who have excoriated him as incompetent and unqualified . Earlier this week , Rep. Brad Sherman , D-Calif. , circulated proposed articles of impeachment .
Rep. Mike Doyle , D-Pa. , said all the things that used to bring members together seem to be slipping away , contributing to the gulf between left and right .
“ All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits , and outside floor debate , are few and far between , ” said Doyle , who manages the Democratic baseball team .
The annual congressional baseball game , scheduled for Thursday , will go on as scheduled , lawmakers announced .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2toLKUN
Increased physical activity , not weight loss , gives individuals with coronary heart disease a longer lease on life , according to a new study conducted at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) .
NTNU researchers have found that heart disease patients can gain weight without jeopardizing their health , but sitting in their recliner incurs significant health risks .
Weight loss seems to be associated with increased mortality for the participants in the study who were normal weight at baseline . The survey , which is an observational study based on data from HUNT ( the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study ) , was recently published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology ( JACC ) .
Researcher Trine Moholdt in NTNU 's Department of Circulation and Medical Imaging collaborated on the study with cardiologist Carl J. Lavie at the John Ochsner Heart and Vascular Institute in New Orleans , and Javaid Nauman at NTNU .
They studied 3307 individuals ( 1038 women ) with coronary heart disease from HUNT . Data from HUNT constitute Norway 's largest collection of health information about a population . A total of 120,000 people have consented to making their anonymized health information available for research , and nearly 80,000 individuals have released blood tests .
HUNT patients were examined in 1985 , 1996 and 2007 , and followed up to the end of 2014 . The data from HUNT were compared with data from the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry .
During the 30-year period , 1493 of the participants died and 55 per cent of the deaths were due to cardiovascular disease .
`` This study is important because we 've been able to look at change over time , and not many studies have done that , so I am forever grateful to HUNT and the HUNT participants , '' said Moholdt .
Exercise and live longer
The study revealed that people who are physically active live longer than those who are not . Sustained physical activity over time was associated with substantially lower mortality risk .
Participants in the study were divided into three categories : inactive ; slightly physically active , but below recommended activity level ; and physically active at or above recommended activity level .
The recommended activity level is at least 150 minutes per week of moderate physical activity or 60 minutes per week of vigorous physical activity .
A little is better than nothing
The risk of premature death was higher for the group of patients who were completely inactive than for either of the other groups . The prognosis for people who exercise a little bit , even if it is below the recommended level , is better than not exercising at all .
`` Even being somewhat active is better than being inactive , but patients have to maintain the activity level . Physical activity is perishable - if you snooze you lose its benefits , '' Moholdt says .
Exercise hard
HUNT participants were asked how hard the exercise activity was for them . Moholdt points out that this is a good way to determine the intensity of the exercise . A half-hour walk can be experienced very differently depending on how fit the person is .
The question then becomes how to translate these findings into practical guidelines .
`` The clinical guidelines for heart disease patients currently include having normal weight and being physically active . I would put more emphasis on the exercise aspect . When it comes to physical activity , you have to do what gets you in better shape . That means training with high intensity . Do something that makes you breathe hard , so that it 's hard to talk , but not so hard that you ca n't do it for four to five minutes , '' says Moholdt . She adds that heart disease patients are often in poor shape , so it often does n't take much to get into high intensity mode .
When asked whether any of the study results were unexpected , Moholdt said that they were n't surprising in terms of physical activity . `` But the fact that gaining weight posed no increased risk when patients were already overweight , I think is a bit surprising , '' she said .
Correlation between weight loss and increased mortality
The results indicate that weight gain does not seem to increase risk for already overweight patients , which would mean that it is n't dangerous for a fat heart patient to gain a few pounds . What is dangerous is if the person does not engage in any form of exercise .
The findings in the study showed higher mortality among normal weight heart patients who lost weight . Moholdt points out that the survey is an observation study that does not look at underlying causes . It may be that patients who lost weight were sicker .
The obesity paradox
The development of cardiovascular disease has a causal relationship with obesity . Despite this strong correlation , the results from major meta-analyses indicate that people with cardiovascular disease who have a body mass index ( BMI ) above the normal weight range have better prognoses . This is often called the obesity paradox .
`` What we 've known for a while is that for heart patients it seems to be an advantage to be fat - the so-called obesity paradox . But although it seems like it pays to be overweight and that weight loss affects these patients adversely , all of these data are based on observation studies . To prove causality , randomized controlled trials are needed , '' says Moholdt .
The relationship between BMI and life expectancy is complicated and depends on several factors . Erroneous sources are plentiful . Results from another analysis showed that normal weight , healthy non-smokers have the lowest risk of premature death .
Slimming down is n't necessarily wrong
This study 's results do not mean that it is never a good idea for an overweight heart patient to slim down . Moholdt and her colleagues note in their JACC article that `` in our view , desired or intentional weight reduction may be useful for overweight or obese individuals , although little data supports this view in studies of coronary heart disease patients . ''
One hypothesis is that weight loss is associated with improved survival among overweight and obese coronary heart disease patients . This correlation was not evident in the study .
`` It may be that weight is less important for heart patients , but we know that physical activity is very important , '' Moholdt says .
Get rid of the bathroom scale
She believes that many people start exercising to lose weight , and then quit when they do n't get the desired results in the form of weight loss .
Moholdt encourages people to get rid of their bathroom scale . She says that numerous studies have shown that body composition changes through exercise and that muscles weigh more than fat .
`` Exercise has a beneficial effect on all organs in the body - on the brain , heart , liver , vascular system and of course on our musculature , '' she says .
# # #
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as he watches a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday , June 24 , 2018 . While the immigration debate occupies politicians and new policies have thrown thousands of families into disarray , the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York . Terrin Waack AP Photo
* Everton 1 Stoke City 0 at Goodison Park
* Wayne Rooney scores on his Premier League return for Everton in 45th minute
* It was his first league appearance for his boyhood club since returning from Manchester United
* Dominic Calvert-Lewin could have made it 2-0
* Everton keeper Jordan Pickford made a vital save in injury time
* Everton visit Manchester City on Monday August 21 , Stoke are at home to Arsenal on Saturday August 19
EVERTON 1 STOKE CITY 0
Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Wayne Rooney marked his Premier League return in Everton colours with the winning goal in a 1-0 victory over Stoke City at Goodison Park on Saturday .
Rooney , who was full of invention and energy throughout , rose well to meet a fine Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross with a looping header into the far corner on the stroke of half-time .
The former England captain rejoined his boyhood club last month after 13 years with Manchester United .
Everton 's new goalkeeper , Jordan Pickford , pulled off a superb save in injury time to deny Xherdan Shaqiri an equaliser from a long-range drive . ( Reporting by Simon Evans , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korean prosecutors raided the headquarters of Korean Air Lines Co Ltd on Thursday over suspected embezzlement , tax evasion and breach of trust by members of its founding family , a prosecution official told Reuters .
FILE PHOTO : The logo of Korean Airlines is seen on a B787-9 plane at its aviation shed in Incheon , South Korea , February 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
The investigation is the latest involving the flag carrier 's controlling family , which came under increased scrutiny in April after the chairman 's daughter , Cho Hyun-min , allegedly threw water at an attendee of a business meeting .
Cho Hyun-min is the younger sister of Heather Cho . The elder Cho was jailed in 2014 for demanding a Korean Air Lines plane return to its gate at a New York airport , after losing her temper over the way she was served nuts in a first class cabin .
The younger sister 's tantrum re-ignited public resentment toward the perceived unchecked behaviour of conglomerates ' powerful family-owners , with the latest incident spawning probes by various agencies into the Cho family .
A lawyer for the younger daughter , Cho Hyun-min , could not be reached for comment .
The Seoul Southern District Prosecutors ' Office is also tracking suspicious money flows within accounts of Cho family members and associates , the prosecution official said .
The prosecutor 's office began investigating suspected tax evasion after the tax agency questioned whether Chairman Cho paid tax on overseas assets inherited from his father , Yonhap News Agency reported earlier on Thursday .
A Korean Air Lines spokesman told Reuters an investigative team was at the headquarters but declined further comment .
Chairman Cho earlier this month stepped down from the post of co-chief executive at Jin Air Co Ltd , shortly after authorities considered cancelling the budget affiliate 's licence because Cho 's younger daughter had been a board member despite being a U.S. national , a potential contravention .
Separately , South Korean police on Thursday sought an arrest warrant for Chairman Cho 's wife , Lee Myung-hee , for charges including assault , Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency said .
The police has secured testimony from 11 people claiming to have been assaulted or verbally abused by Lee , a police agency official told Reuters .
Shares in Korean Air Lines fell as much as 1.1 percent in Thursday trade , compared with a 0.6 percent rise in the wider market . Shares in Jin Air fell as much as 2.1 percent .
“ Due to the uncertainty concerning the founding family , Korean Air shares are undervalued , ” said analyst Choi Chi-hyun at Meritz Securities . “ Once the governance risk passes , the attractive valuation will come to the fore . ”
How To Master The Woman 's G-Spot
How To Handle The Most Important Part Of A Woman 's Anatomy
Making her happy does n't always have to be a mystery . For years , the clitoris was considered the only trigger for the female orgasm . Alas , even finding the clitoris turned out to be a daunting task for many men , and things did n't get any easier in 1950 when a physician by the name of Dr. Ernst Grafenberg found an even more mysterious female pleasure spot hidden within the vagina .
This area became popularized by sexologists in the 1980s as the `` G-spot . '' It turns out that stimulation of the G-spot produces a very powerful kind of female orgasm ; and in some women , it even produces female ejaculation , colloquially known as `` squirting . ''
For both of these reasons , finding , stimulating and discovering how to master the woman 's G-spot has become , for both men and women , the Holy Grail of female pleasuring .
What exactly is the g-spot ?
It is the bean-shaped , spongy tissue of the paraurethral gland , which is analogous to the male prostate . The actual area is only about the size of a quarter , but it feels rougher to the touch than the surrounding tissue . Because the G-spot is composed of erectile tissue , it swells up when blood rushes to it — especially if you learn how to master the woman 's G-spot effectively .
It is located about one to two inches back from the vaginal opening inside the front vaginal wall . The `` front '' wall is the wall of the vagina on the same side as her belly button .
The best way to find the g-spot
First of all , the G-spot is easiest to locate when a woman is sexually aroused , so do n't stint on your foreplay first . ( You knew I would get that in ! )
To locate and master the woman 's G-spot , face your partner while she is lying on her back and insert your index or long middle finger into her vagina as far as it will easily go . Then crook it up toward yourself in a `` come hither '' motion , sliding your fingertip along the top of the vagina until you find an area that is rougher than the rest of that vaginal wall . ( Make sure you have your fingernails clipped short and buffed before you do this — sharp fingernails will definitely spoil the effort . ) This rough or slightly ridged area is the `` G-spot , '' and touching it will often cause a woman to react with surprise or pleasure .
The G-Spot is located at number 6 on this diagram . Credit : Wikimedia Commons
If you do n't get a reaction , do n't be too shy to ask her if she feels especially sensitive when you touch what you think is the spot . You may need to use a fair amount of pressure to find the G-spot because it is located within , not on the outside of , the vaginal wall .
Sometimes it helps to use your other hand on the outside of the mons pubis ( the hairy area above the pubic bone ) to lightly massage the skin in the area where your crooked finger is touching to intensify the effect . And since not all women are G-spot sensitive , do n't get discouraged if you ca n't get a special reaction .
While some women are capable of multiple orgasms with repetitive stimulation of the G-spot , others do n't get much of a feeling and some even feel discomfort from G-spot stimulation .
No worries — every woman will appreciate the attention and the effort ! And while searching , you might discover other areas in her vagina that she responds to even more enthusiastically . ( And while you 're at it , consider mastering these fingering techniques . )
Tapping into love
The best way to manually stimulate the G-spot is with a firm `` tapping '' motion with your crooked finger . Some guys find it easier to stimulate the G-spot with various toys . Any dildo can be used for this , but the ones that are best suited for G-spot stimulation are hard and curved . Many are made specifically for G-spot stimulation , as their length , width and curve are specifically designed to take the `` guesswork '' out of G-spot stimulation .
Even women who do not enjoy manual stimulation of the G-spot may enjoy penile stimulation of the spot during intercourse . So , if your penis has a natural upward bend , you 've got it made . Other men have to find positions that maximize penile contact with the front wall of the vagina . The `` woman on top '' positions and posterior ( doggy style ) positions are best for achieving that contact .
The only way to get G-spot stimulation in the missionary position is to prop her hips up with pillows ( or with a special wedge known as `` The Liberator '' ) . Women can also intensify their ability to have G-spot orgasms by learning to contract their pelvic muscles , known as Kegel exercises .
Sex gets better with age
There is some evidence that the intensity of a woman 's G-spot orgasm is mediated by the hormone estrogen . Most young women under 30 find clitoral orgasms to be more powerful because , due to their relatively high estrogen levels , their vaginal lining becomes too thick to allow direct stimulation of their G-spot nerves .
The clitoris . Credit : Wikimedia Commons
As the estrogen level begins to decline in women during their 30s , the vaginal lining becomes thinner and the G-spot becomes more accessible . That 's why most women feel that they begin to peak sexually in their early to mid-30s , which is why many women will also say that married sex is better .
Dr. Victoria Zdrok earned her Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from Drexel University , a J.D . from Villanova Law School and her certificate in sex therapy from New Jersey School of Medicine . She is the author of Anatomy of Pleasure .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc :
* SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS REPORTS STRONG 2017 RESULTS IN-LINE WITH GUIDANCE ; ISSUES GUIDANCE FOR 2018 REFLECTING CONTINUED GROWTH ; INCREASES SHARE REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION UP TO $ 1 BILLION
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 1.32
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 1.07
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 9 PERCENT TO $ 1.7 BILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Work to re-plant around 150 trees in the grounds of County Hall in Morpeth is continuing – with the help of a group of local children .
Last month , Northumberland County Council announced that it would restore the attractive tree-lined approach to the site in Loansdean along Queen Elizabeth Avenue .
Now members of the 6th Morpeth St Aidan 's Brownies have joined councillors and staff in the planting work .
The scheme will retain the existing colour theme by replanting with the original varieties of purple-leaved Norway maple and golden-leaved sycamore .
Additional trees will be planted on the open space in front of County Hall and in the quadrangle at the centre of the building that is used by councillors and staff .
Species will include oak , lime , maple , wild cherry , silver birch , rowan and alder .
A total of 90 trees were controversially chopped down earlier this year as part of plans by the previous administration to build a retail park , new first school and 200 homes at County Hall and a nearby site .
This scheme was halted by the county council 's new administration .
Coun Glen Sanderson , cabinet member for local services and the environment , said : “ We 're delighted that local young people have been getting involved with the re-planting and helping to create a green legacy for the county 's future . ”
Facing his first holiday season alone , since splitting from Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt reveals that he now knows just how depressing the season can be from Thanksgiving through New Year 's Day . Opening up about his state of mind , after having had to spend his holidays away from the six children he shares with Jolie , Brad expresses just how much he missed seeing the children through the holidays , even as he continues to pursue a custody battle against Angelina for guardianship of Maddox , 15 , Pax , 13 , Zahara , 11 , Shiloh , 10 , and 8-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox . Brad Pitt Faces The Worst Christmas Of His Life Brad Pitt was forced to spend the holidays alone . [ Image by Jonathan Leibson/Getty Images ] While the break-up between Pitt and Ms. Jolie has been hard on the entire family , Mirror reports that Pitt has been left feeling especially devastated by the destruction of his family . Other than a few close friends , Mr. Pitt has been left to deal with the separation alone , which has been even more heartbreaking through the holiday season . Brad had requested to see his six children through the holidays , but that request was rejected . A source close to Pitt reports that he told friends the 2016 Christmas holiday was the “ worst holiday season ” of his life , as he could n't see his children and is still adjusting to the end of his marriage to Angelina Jolie . “ He desperately misses having his kids with him for Christmas and New Year , ” the insider added . “ He 's broken down in tears so many times – he 's not ashamed to cry anymore . Brad is like a broken man. ” This news comes just on the heels of new court filings in which Brad Pitt shows concern over the sudden lack of privacy for the children . In a recent court filing , Pitt requests having documents concerning the divorce from Jolie and their custody battle sealed , so that the public will not have access to their personal information . Brad accuses 41-year-old Jolie of not acting in the best interests of their children , fueling the fires of their custody battle , which has become increasingly bitter . Angelina Jolie Did Permit A Gift Exchange Angelina Jolie arranged for a brief gift exchange with Brad Pitt . [ Image by Jason Merritt/Getty Images ] While Brad may not have been granted any quality visitation rights with his children , US Weekly reports that Angelina did provide a brief visitation , just long enough for a Christmas gift exchange . Jolie arranged the encounter with the child therapist who supervises all visitations the children have with Pitt . “ [ Brad ] gave them presents and it was cordial , ” a source told US Weekly . While both Pitt and Jolie attempted to keep things civil for the sake of their children , the source reveals that things quickly went south , as Brad again accused Angelina of not considering their children 's privacy in matters related to the custody battle . Specifically , Pitt warned Angelina against making public accusations without considering how inflammatory headlines might affect their impressionable children . While Jolie claims these latest complaints made by Pitt are just a part of a “ smear tactic ” and that they already have a signed deal in place to seal their divorce papers , a source close to Brad Pitt points out that the Allied actor would n't still be pursuing the matter in court , if that were the case . Although Pitt was cleared of any child endangerment accusations through an investigation on behalf of the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services , as well as a separate F.B.I . investigation , Brad 's visitations with his children still require the supervision of the child therapist . Additionally , Pitt is required to be tested for drugs and alcohol four times a month . Brad Pitt will next be seen in the comedy/drama , War Machine , due out later this year . Angelina Jolie is scheduled to begin filming Maleficent 2 , though no release date is yet available . [ Featured Image by Tim P. Whitby/Getty Images ]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
TIRANA , July 3 – A joint meeting of cooperation took place between the governments of Albania and Montenegro in the Northern city of Shkodra on Tuesday .
All police departments and forces were engaged by the government to ensure the orderly development of the meeting , which was hosted at the Marubi National Photography Museum .
According to local media reports , at the end of the meeting Albanian Minister of Interior Fatmir Xhafaj and Montenegrin counterpart Mevludin Nuhodzic signed an agreement to open a new border point between the two countries in Shkodra 's Zogaj .
Albania and Montenegro currently have three border crossings in Muriqan , Han i Hotit and Vermosh respectively .
The new border point aims to strengthen and further improve the bilateral and long-term cooperation by easing border crossing and population exchange between the countries .
In the previous years , Albania has also held a number of joint cooperation meetings with neighboring Kosovo too , although experts have said these shows produce more “ media show than substance . ”
Based on the results previous meetings with Kosovo have brought , economy experts now again pointed out no economic cooperation directly stems from the signing of agreements .
For example , in last April 's Prishtina 2018 international trade fair , 70 of the 174 participant companies were from Serbia , something which , according to experts , is testimony to a confidence loss between Kosovo and Albania .
Prior committing one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern American history , Stephen Paddock exhibited symptoms of being mentally unwell .
Marilou Danley , his live-in girlfriend , told investigators `` he would lie in bed , just moaning and screaming 'Oh , my God , ' '' reports NBC News , citing former FBI officials briefed on the matter .
Paddock went on a shooting rampage in Las Vegas Sunday night , taking the lives of 58 victims and injuring close to 500 .
The attack was planned . Investigators say he brought close 23 guns - a dozen equipped with bump stocks to allow for the release of multiple rounds per trigger squeeze- with him when he checked into a suite at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino . Inside the 32nd floor suite , he broke multiple windows and shot into the unsuspecting crowd of 22,000 .
He placed cameras outside of his door to watch police as they drew nearer to his room , eventually taking his own life as SWAT teams prepared to enter .
Days later , investigators still search for a motive . Paddock left no manifesto or suicide note . Those that knew him say he held no extremist views .
Questions remain about his choice in location . Searches of his electronic devices reveal he scouted crowded spaces in other cities , including Boston and Chicago . He searched online for hotels around Fenway - few if any of which have a clear view of the stands - but is believed to have not visited the city .
Paddock made a reservation at a hotel overlooking Chicago 's Grant Park during this year 's Lollapalooza , a three-day music festival held the first weekend in August .
He never checked in for his reservation , hotel officials say .
`` I 've been doing this a long time and I ca n't remember another homicide -- and then you multiply what I 'm about to say by 58 -- where you do n't know why , '' Steven B. Wolfson , the district attorney in Clark County , Nev. told the New York Times . `` Because he killed himself , we do n't know and it 's frustrating . ''
If a woman saw this ad on a dating website , she would most likely pass :
“ Born in 1944 , I 've been through a war , worked occasionally , but I am well-traveled , steady and true , and love to fly . I 'm athletic , though a bit stout , and honestly , I 'm a heavy drinker with lots of gas , plus I smoke a little . I have a few peculiarities , such as lots of plastic surgery over thin skin , and a new interior is planned . Parts of me have been rebuilt a couple of times , but I am looking forward to years ahead if I can find the right person to fund my habits . ”
I did not pass . My first date with a Staggerwing was after winning a ride in one as first prize in a Ninety-Nines Poker Run at Fallbrook Community Airpark ( L18 ) in San Diego .
I was fortunate to be able to fly as co-pilot several more times in NC582 , including the Hayward Air Rally , where even last place was fun .
We parted ways in 2010 when owner Granger Haugh donated the plane to the National Warplane Museum . It was to be on display and fly in airshows , awaiting restoration funding .
And then there was a landing accident . The museum had no money for the extensive work necessary to fix the plane and several more years went by .
Granger and his family could not stand that the wreck remained in a forgotten hangar , so they bought the plane back from the museum , had it trucked to California , and began to rebuild .
That same Staggerwing has now boomeranged back into my life .
In 1932 , the Staggerwing , known as Model 17 , was the first product off the assembly line of the newly formed Beech Aircraft Company . It remained in production until 1949 .
It is estimated that about 200 of the 785 that were built remain in the world today , though not all are flying .
Staggerwings were gradually replaced by the Beech V-tail Bonanza , which was first offered to the public in 1947 . The newer looking mono-wing , with a horizontally opposed 6-cylinder , was much more fuel and oil efficient and flew nearly as fast . And even if it was only a four-place , it was successful for the company .
As a tribute to female pilots , it is necessary to mention that speed made the Staggerwing popular with air racers . Louise Thaden and Blanche Noyes won the 1936 Bendix trophy in a Model C17R Staggerwing , and Thaden went on to win the Harmon trophy , and others .
A women 's speed and altitude records were achieved by Jackie Cochran in a Staggerwing .
After the decision was made to return NC582 to California for a complete rebuild , research began on the story of this particular plane , from assembly line to the present .
This Staggerwing served for Great Britain in World War II as FT478 , flying out of Heston and Lee-on-Solent on various missions within the UK .
Upon returning to America , there were several owners from Alaska to Switzerland before it was purchased by Granger Haugh in 1994 , and making its home in California .
The current restoration will return the plane to 1944 British Royal Navy standards , and it should be one of a kind in the world upon completion .
It is a privilege and aviation dream come true to be a small part of this story .
And the secret to falling in love ? Fly it !
Knowing the qualities and characteristics will be an honor and I appreciate the chance to fly it again .
For now , I will continue my flirtation with the Staggerwing and will learn all I can about this historic and special aircraft before our next date .
But please do n't tell my Cessna 180… .
ISLAMABAD , Jul 4 ( APP ) : SAARC CCI Senior Vice President Iftikhar Ali Malik Wednesday said Pakistan always strive to make SAARC an important vehicle for regional cooperation based on principle of sovereign equality and still remained committed to SAARC objectives .
He said as a founding member , Pakistan has played important role in efforts aimed at realizing objectives of the organization and it also expects serious and sincere response by the member countries especially from India to explore its true potential for development of the region 's economy and for its prosperity , says a press release issued here today .
He said SAARC has immense potential for strengthening economies of member countries and to promote collaboration in various areas of mutual significance . He said SAARC should continue to strive for achieving economic , cultural and social growth of the region .
He said connectivity is very important issue today and SAARC can play a great role in connectivity for the region .
Answering a question about his recent cancellation of tour to India , he said Pakistan always gave positive gesture to India and it is now responsibility of Indian government to come forward to strengthen bilateral relations setting aside its narrowness and prejudice .
“ Whether by a uniformed man or a civilian premier , one has to accept that Pakistan has never shied away from offering friendship to India . It has done so several times in the past and even this time ; it has welcomed the resumption of dialogue more eagerly than India .
India , on the other hand , suspended dialogue after the Pakistani envoy met with Hurriyat leaders , ” he added .
Iftikhar Malik said India always accused Pakistan for cross border terrorism and it always forgot that Pakistan has been a victim of terrorism and has lost over 80,000 lives up until now in the ongoing war
on terror .
The Pakistani army is currently fighting a war , not just against a few terrorist groups but against the entire terrorist infrastructure itself ; to ensure Pakistan 's survival , he added .
He further said it is imperative that the heads of both countries develop a sense of the situation and advance towards improving relations . The SAARC CCI SAARC Development Fund ( SDF ) conference has ended , but the process for establishing and enduring peace is waiting to be initiated .
Replaying another question , he said Pakistan welcomed China offer of trilateral dialogue to help de-escalate tensions between India and Pakistan but it was rejected by the Indian government on the ground that Kashmir and other issues between Pakistan and India is bilateral issue and no other country can be allowed to interfere in this matter . Similarly , Nepalese government too offered its role but India again rejected this offer .
He appreciated the SAARC CCI President Ruwan Edirisinghe for his efforts to bring all SAARC member states together and hoped that under his dynamic leadership , SAARC CCI will become an effective platform .
He is utilizing his best leadership flair and available resources for the promotion of trade and industry in South Asian region .
Iftikhar Malik said he is much optimistic that all SAARC state members under Ruwan leadership will dissolve all their political and trade related issues realizing that over the next 10 years , countries in the Asia region will play a competitive role in competing with each other or in parallel .
A man walks by New York Stock Exchange in the financial district in New York , U.S. , August 10 , 2017 .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bearish stock investors are slowly coming out of hibernation , as money has begun to move into funds that aim to profit when markets dive .
U.S. mutual funds that attempt to profit in falling markets attracted $ 413 million in new investments during the second quarter , the funds ' largest inflows since the height of 2013 's `` Taper Tantrum '' selloff , according to Thomson Reuters ' Lipper research unit .
On Thursday , the S & P 500 experienced its first 1 percent-plus drop in 58 trading days , as the CBOE Volatility Index .VIX surged over 44 percent , noted Bespoke Investment Group .
The selling pressure in stocks follows a frustrating year-to-date for bearish stock investors , given that the S & P was up 10.5 percent since Dec. 31 as of Wednesday 's close . As of Thursday 's close , it is up 8.9 percent .
Markets this week were set in negative motion after the United States and North Korea exchanged threats . President Donald Trump said Thursday that his previous promise of `` fire and fury '' in response to any threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough , vowing `` trouble '' for the country if its actions do not change .
Brad Lamensdorf , portfolio manager for AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF ( HDGE.P ) , said he has seen demand for his fund partly driven by `` people that feel like it 's time to hedge . ''
`` They 're pretty negative from a forward-looking view , '' he said . The fund targets stocks with low earnings quality or potential accounting problems ; it has attracted $ 20 million this year .
The demand for these funds comes after a long drought , and remains a mere drop in the bucket within the fund world . The funds posted outflows in nine of the last 15 quarters , according to Lipper .
By contrast , domestic stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have attracted $ 32 billion this year , including reinvested dividends , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group .
Demand for international stocks and bonds has been even stronger as investors tried to dial back exposure to U.S. stocks without the expensive costs attached to hedging strategies .
The bear funds keep a `` net short '' exposure to stocks , aiming to rise when markets fall . The cost of making that bet and the rising markets have helped the category deliver a negative 13.5 percent return this year , according to Lipper data through early August .
`` It 's sort of become almost a cliche that this has been the most hated bull market of all time , and I have a hard time buying into that , '' said Doug Ramsey , chief investment officer of the Leuthold Group LLC , whose firm offers a bear fund , the Grizzly Short Fund ( GRZZX.O ) .
The company 's tactical funds recently reduced their net equity exposure , but he said he could see another fresh top before entering a true bear market .
`` We 're only looking for a short-term setback here , '' he said .
Several major asset managers have expressed caution in recent days .
Bridgewater Associates LP 's Ray Dalio wrote on Thursday that `` prospective risks are now rising and do not appear appropriately priced in . ''
Russ Koesterich at BlackRock Inc ( BLK.N ) said in a note this week that tightening monetary policy in Europe and the United States could cause political uncertainty to morph `` from farce into tragedy '' by shaking investor confidence . Pacific Investment Management Company LLC portfolio managers Mihir Worah and Geraldine Sundstrom said U.S. equities are `` popular and crowded . ''
But some investors see the moderate U.S. equity flows and strengthening demand for bearish funds as a contrarian sign that the markets may have more room to run .
The nonprofit American Association of Individual Investors found that 36.1 percent of investors it surveyed expect the market to rise in the next six months , 2 percentage points below that gauge 's historical average . An above-average 32.1 percent of investors were bearish .
`` You do n't see the kind of euphoria that normally presents at the end of the cycle , '' said Leon Cooperman , chief executive of hedge fund Omega Advisors Inc. `` I do n't see sentiment characteristic of a top . ''
. .. Well , thanks to the California Air Resources Board , we now have documented proof of the GS 's return . The go-fast Buick will bow as a 2018 model , perhaps concurrently with its liftback and wagon siblings , but do n't expect any drivetrain similarities to the outgoing model .
The emissions document covers a host of 2018 General Motors passenger cars outfitted with 3.6-liter V6 engines . As the lesser Regals see only a turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder ( in two torque outputs ) , the 3.6-liter “ Regal AWD ” listed here can only be the GS .
This GS breaks with the current model in several ways . This time around , it looks like GM is n't in the mood to offer buyers much choice . The only transmission available is a nine-speed automatic , which means the save-the-manuals crowd can add Buick to its list of automakers no longer fielding a stick shift ...
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Scott Twp . man who has been fighting to access family members ' gravesites on private property says he 's hopeful a bill recently passed by the state Legislature finally resolves the situation .
Robert Vail Sr. , 84 , wants to visit the graves of his ancestors , which include a Revolutionary War hero , located on Rose Mary Knick 's property off Country Club Road . The township passed an ordinance in 2012 that requires private cemetery owners to maintain the premises and allow public access . Vail has not been able to access the site , however , because of several legal challenges to the ordinance Knick filed in state and federal court . House Bill 1019
mandates private cemetery owners provide reasonable access to gravesites . The state House of Representatives and Senate each unanimously approved the bill , which was sent to Gov . Tom Wolf on Nov. 15 .
Vail said he 's hopeful the governor will sign the legislation into law , which would trump the township 's ordinance and provide him legal authority to access the graves .
“ It 's been five years now we 've been fighting this , ” Vail said . “ My hope is that it ends this saga . ”
The bill was introduced by Rep. Mark Gillen , R-128 , Reading . Gillen was prompted to act after the new owners of Rock Cemetery in Caernarvon Twp. , Berks County , prohibited families — including the mother of a 3-year old who died in 1980 — from visiting their relatives ' gravesites .
“ These families deserve access to the final resting places of their loved ones , ” Gillen said in a press release shortly after the House passed the bill in June . “ I certainly support private property rights but I also believe in treating others with dignity , respect and kindness . ”
Under the bill , anyone who does not abide by the law could face enforcement action from the state attorney general 's office for violating the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law .
In Scott Twp. , Knick is continuing to challenge the township 's ordinance . The Pacific Legal Foundation , a California-based nonprofit that fights for landowners ' rights , agreed to represent Knick at no cost , according to David Breemer , a senior attorney with the organization .
Breemer recently asked the U.S. Supreme Court to hear Knick 's appeal of a federal appellate court ruling that upheld the dismissal of a lawsuit she filed , alleging the township 's ordinance was unconstitutional . The high court hears only a fraction of the thousands of cases it is asked to review . It has not yet ruled on Knick 's request .
Advised of the Pennsylvania legislation , Breemer questioned its intent .
“ Whatever its intention , any law that gives the general public a right to go on private land is constitutionally suspect , ” Breemer said .
Township solicitor Richard Fanucci said the bill would not impact Knick 's challenge to the township 's ordinance . The issue would essentially become moot , however , because it would take legal precedence .
Contact the writer :
tbesecker @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9137 ;
@ tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
Get the most out of your Moto Z2 Force with some great accessories !
The Moto Z2 Force sure is an interesting 2017 flagship . With a top-end Snapdragon 835 processor , 4GB of RAM and the power of Moto Mods in its back pocket , its a formidable device that 's made all the better with accessories .
From battery packs to Bluetooth headphones to the wide range of Moto Mods available , let 's dive right into the best accessories for the Moto Z2 Force .
Moto Mods
One of the biggest selling points of the Moto Z lineup is the ability to snap on a growing assortment of Moto Mods . Consider some of the coolest options like the Hasselblad True Zoom Camera Mod and Moto Insta-Share Projector Mod , or the incredibly handy battery packs . There 's too many to list here , so you 'll want to check out our Ultimate List of Moto Mods below . We 've highlighted some of the latest ones below .
Ultimate List of Moto Mods
Gamepad Moto Mod
The Gamepad MotoMod is the cool new accessory for 2017 . Take your mobile gaming to the next level with dual-stick controls and physical buttons .
This is the sort of thing you bought this phone for , right ? No other ( non-Moto Z ) phone can be snapped into the middle of a gaming controller like this for an unparalleled gaming experience . Because it 's a Moto Mod you know it 's quick and simple to pop in , with a built-in battery so you can game for up to eight hours without needing to recharge the controller .
See at Verizon
Motorola Battery Case
One of the glaring issues with the Moto Z2 Force is the battery capacity — coming in under 3,000mAh means a heavy user is not going to make it through the day on a single charge . But that 's where the Moto Mods come in , and you 're definitely going to want a battery pack for this phone .
Right now , you can pick up Motorola 's own 2220mAh Battery Case for $ 50 , which will give you an added boost without sacrificing the Z2 Force 's slim design . If you 've used a Moto Mod before , you know it 's as easy as snapping it on the back of the phone and going , making this a great option to have on your phone at all times , or stashed in your backpack for the times you really need it .
If you can wait , Motorola is about release the TurboPower Pack with an impressive 3490mAh battery . Bigger is almost always better , and this updated battery pack also boasts lightning-fast recharging speed — basically a must-own accessory for Moto Z2 Force owners . You can pre-order it from Verizon for $ 80 .
See at Amazon
Incipio DualPro Case
With the Moto Z2 Force and its ShatterShield screen you wo n't have to worry about catastrophic failure if your phone falls to the floor — but instead you 'll be dealing with the scuffs and scratches that Gorilla Glass is designed to withstand .
That 's why you 're going to want a case for your phone , and the Incipio DualPro Case would make a great choice . It 's a dual-layer case that combines a shock-absorbing inner shell of silicone surrounded by a rigid polycarbonate case with a soft touch finish . Available in seven color combinations , it 's got a classic design that will keep your phone safe while looking stylish . The front lip around front edges offers the much-needed protection for the scratch-prone screen , and it also provides a bit of a gap between the screen and the tabletop if you use the Flip for Do Not Disturb action .
If you trust Incipio 's products , you may also be interested in the OffGrid Power Pack Backup Battery Case Moto Mod which trades off the added protection for up to 20 additional hours of battery life .
See at Incipio
Looking for more recommendations ?
Best cases for the Moto Z2 Force
IQ Shield Tempered Glass Screen Protector ( 3-pack )
Motorola loves to talk up the ShatterShield screens on its phones which will absolutely save your phone 's screen from becoming cracked — but to accomplish this the top-most surface is made entirely plastic which means that while a drop wo n't shatter the screen , it will most likely leave ugly scratches and gouges instead .
The easy solution to prevent that from happening is to invest in a tempered glass screen protector . IQ Shield has a three-pack of tempered glass screen protectors for just $ 8 on Amazon , which is a heck of a deal . Tempered glass is much more resistant to scratches than the Moto Z2 Force screen , and will take the abrasive damage of any drops while keeping your screen well safe , so slap one of these screen protectors on and worry even less about dropping your phone .
See at Amazon
Anker PowerCore 2 Slim 10000
If you 're concerned about battery life consistency , you 're going to want an external battery pack for those times when you need a quick charge but you 're away from an outlet .
The Anker PowerCore 2 Slim 10000 is a great , slim option that packs in a 10,000mAh battery into a fairly compact package . Anker is a consistent leader in mobile charging solutions , so you can buy this charging pack knowing that you 're getting the best value at only $ 35 , with a battery pack that will be able to fully recharge your Moto Z2 Force at least three times from a full charge .
See at Amazon
Jaybird X3 Sports Bluetooth Earbuds
The Moto Z2 Force does way with the headphone jack , so if you want to keep the music going you 'll need a good pair of Bluetooth headphones .
If you 're the active type , the Jaybird X3 Sports Bluetooth Earbuds are a great option . They 're designed to be as small and compact as possible without sacrificing sound quality . The silicone ear fins help keep the headphones securely in your ears even during a vigorous workout , and they 're sweat-proof as well and they come with a bunch of different in-ear tips so you can find the most comfortable fit .
Modern Dad loved them in his video review in case you need more convincing . Currently available on Amazon for just $ 95 , it 's as good a time as ever to buy some quality Bluetooth earbuds .
See at Amazon
Motorola TurboPower 30 Wall Charger
It 's always handy to have another wall charger around , and Motorola makes a really solid USB-C charger specifically for the Moto Z family of phones . The TurboPower 30 is a one-piece charging cable that comes with most Moto Z phones , and it 's always better to stick with the cables and chargers designed specifically for the phones you 're using .
You can get a second Motorola TurboPower 30 Wall Charger for only $ 20 on Amazon . Perfect for leaving a charger at work so you do n't need to keep touting your charger around with you . In fact , it 's double the power of the one that comes in the Moto Z2 Force box , so you can charge your phone even faster .
See at Amazon
What accessories are you rocking ?
This is what we 'd recommend , but we want to know what you 're using ?
Brogdon vs. Lowry
The Milwaukee rookie point guard had 16 points and made four three-pointers in Saturday 's Game 1 . Lowry and the Raptors have to limit his effectiveness — Lowry must score more than four points for Toronto .
NEED TO KNOW
The Raptors are 5-6 all-time in Game 2 of a playoff series , and 4-1 at the Air Canada Centre . In their first two rounds last spring , they dropped the first game and rebounded to win the second . . . . Lowry averaged 18 points , 7.5 assists and 5.5 rebounds in Game 2 wins over Indiana and Miami . . . . Valanciunas had only five field-goal attempts in Game 1 , the fewest he 's had in 11 games dating back to March 23 at Miami .
UP NEXT
Game 3 : Thursday at Milwaukee , 8 p.m .
A major interstate in Atlanta buckled dramatically on Monday , injuring a motorcyclist and shutting down a section of the freeway .
`` The pavement rose to nearly the height of a full-grown man and split into several pieces , '' The Associated Press reports , citing multiple witnesses .
The injured motorcyclist was traveling at high speed along the interstate when the pavement began to buckle , the wire service reports . He hit the damaged section of highway and was `` flung through the air '' ; he has been hospitalized in critical condition , the AP writes .
Local officials said an underground gas leak caused the buckling , the AP reports .
But a spokeswoman for Atlanta Gas Light said while a contractor for the utility was working in the area , no natural gas was released .
Member station WABE has more :
`` Natalie Dale , a spokesperson for the Georgia Department of Transportation , said in a news conference Monday afternoon that the agency is assessing the stability of lanes near the buckling and hopes to have some lanes opened by 5 p.m. Monday . ... `` ' [ However , ] motorists should not plan for an all-open on this section of the road until at least noon tomorrow , ' Dale said . `` Westbound lanes on I-20 between Candler and Gresham roads were closed Monday due to the buckling. `` 'This is not an occurrence that happens every day , ' Dale said . 'This is an extenuating circumstance of some things that happened when some work was being done so this does not indicate that we have widespread crumbling infrastructure . ' ``
The incident is the second eye-popping highway malfunction in Atlanta within the last month .
In late March , a bridge on I-85 collapsed after a major fire , which local authorities believe was arson .
“ Darkest Hour , ” the film portraying Winston Churchill as he takes the helm in a country teetering on the edge of submission to Nazi Germany , has been nominated for six Oscars , including for best leading actor and picture . The movie plays to a deep national sentiment that Britain can snatch victory from the jaws of defeat , portraying the ignominious evacuation of British forces at Dunkirk in 1940 as a triumph . In fact , the real takeaway is precisely the opposite .
Britain 's checkered relationship with Europe since World War Two demonstrates a capacity to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . That trait is culminating in Brexit , a decision that continues to roil the UK as Prime Minister Theresa May 's grip on power looks ever shakier . The past week has seen growing pressure on her to quit and a dispute over a leaked government document putting hard numbers on potential damage to the economy as a result of Brexit .
Former Prime Minister David Cameron 's recent remark in Davos that Britain 's vote to exit the European Union was a mistake rather than a disaster is a modern reinvention of the Dunkirk myth . ( In his speech after Dunkirk , Churchill himself cautioned that wars were not won by evacuations and that Britons should not “ assign to this deliverance the attributes of a victory. ” ) Before Cameron 's ill-conceived and unnecessary referendum in 2016 , Britain held the commanding economic and strategic heights in the European Union . The British economy was outperforming the euro area as the currency union struggled to recover from the debt crisis of 2010-12 that nearly tore it apart . Despite its reservations about the expanding reach of European integration , Britain benefited strategically from its influence as a big member state within the EU , which reinforced and enhanced its wider international standing .
The contrast with today is stark . Though Britain avoided an immediate recession following the Brexit vote , its economy now trails a resurgent euro area . British growth in 2017 was the slowest for five years despite the uplift from a more buoyant global economy . Mark Carney , governor of the Bank of England , has said that Brexit has already cost the British economy one percentage point of growth and that this loss will probably reach two percentage points by the end of 2018 .
From a strategic perspective , too , Britain has lost stature as foreign governments rub their eyes at a country quixotically bent on weakening itself . Despite President Trump 's attempt to smooth relations with May in Davos , Britain 's relationship with America is now fractious rather than special . May herself is a diminished figure outshone within Europe by the new sun king , French President Emmanuel Macron .
A European Union flag flies between a statue of Winston Churchill and the Big Ben clock tower during an anti-Brexit rally in London , March 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paul Hackett
The British knack of turning triumph to disaster in its relations with Europe goes back to the aftermath of World War Two , and is not confined to May 's Conservative Party . In the late 1940s Britain had an unrivalled opportunity to shape a more united Europe on its own terms , concentrating on economic rather than political integration . But following the landslide Labour victory over the Conservative Party in 1945 the new government failed to seize the chance , focusing instead on securing American commitment to the economic revival and security of Western Europe . For his part Churchill , cast into opposition , hankered after Britain 's past glory as a great power belonging uniquely to all three of what he sonorously called in 1948 the “ three great circles ” of America and the English-speaking world , Europe and the Commonwealth .
Eventually France took the lead when its then-foreign minister Robert Schuman proposed a coal-and-steel community that was in effect the embryo of the EU . Crucially , Britain decided to stand aside from this plan . In a lecture before the Brexit referendum , Vernon Bogdanor , Cameron 's political tutor at Oxford University , called the day of the Schuman declaration – 9 May 1950 – “ the most important date in the post-war history of Western Europe. ” Although Britain eventually boarded the European train in the early 1970s , it did so on terms already decisively determined by France and Germany that included the political vision of “ ever closer union. ” And it did so as the sick man of Europe following two dismal decades of relative economic decline when Britain grew more slowly than the continent .
Former British Prime Minister David Cameron , pictured here at the EU council headquarters in Brussels in 2016 , says the Brexit vote was a mistake rather than a disaster . REUTERS/Yves Herman
Even so , inside the bloc Britain gradually started to claw its way back , recovering lost economic ground by growing faster than its European neighbors . And armed with the clout of a big member state the British were able to score some notable wins . In particular , they were a driving force behind the creation of a single market in the late 1980s and early 1990s and secured an opt-out from the over-ambitious project of creating a single currency .
Now once again Britain is plucking defeat from these victories . Remarkably , the City of London had emerged as the currency union 's financial capital even though Britain did not join the euro . That position is in jeopardy owing to Brexit as euro-zone countries led by France in particular seek to relocate financial activities in the monetary union . May is intent on leaving the single market that her Conservative predecessor Margaret Thatcher helped to forge in the 1980s .
Ardent Brexiters such as trade minister Liam Fox argue that Britain is once again embracing the wider world beyond Europe at a time when most growth will come from emerging economies . Yet Britain has long had the scope to do that within the EU merely by emulating the performance of Germany in these export markets . German firms , for example , outsell British enterprises by a wide margin in India , even though the British have the advantage of cultural and linguistic affinities together with political links through the Commonwealth . Britain may be able to cut new trade deals after leaving the EU , but it will have much less to offer than as a member of the union , and other countries will be ruthless in exploiting its new-found weakness .
“ Darkest Hour ” tugs at Britain 's national sense of pride because the British had a good war , not just on the winning but the right side . Yet victory can have a sting . Jean Monnet , the architect of the Schuman plan and patron saint of European integration , memorably mused that Britain 's abstention in the founding years when it was so much in its interest to join in was the price of its wartime success – “ the illusion that you could maintain what you had , without change. ” What he could not have foreseen was Britain would pay that price a second time , by leaving .
SRINAGAR , India ( Reuters ) - Two Indian soldiers and three militants were killed in a 12-hour gunfight in South Kashmir 's Shopian district , a top police official said on Sunday .
The gunfight began on Saturday night when militants hiding inside a village opened fire on security forces , who were conducting a search in the area following a tip-off about the presence of three members of Hizbul Mujahideen - the largest of the anti-Indian Kashmiri militant groups .
The gun battle went on until Sunday morning .
`` Three terrorists were killed in the encounter , '' S.P . Vaid , director general of the state police , told reporters . `` We lost two officers and three army personnel were injured . ''
Indian security forces have launched a massive offensive against militants , killing 135 of them this year . Nearly 150 militants were killed last year .
Making Space Food With Space Poop
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Jackson/Getty Images Chris Jackson/Getty Images
Humans have wanted to go to Mars for a long time . NASA says it wants to send people there by the 2030s , while private companies like SpaceX have proposed building colonies on the Red Planet .
There are , of course , a lot of kinks that have to be worked out for us to get there . One of them is living in an enclosed space with a few other people for months on end .
Another is the human need for food . Packing all the food and water for a Mars mission would take up a lot of room and would use lots of fuel . Trying to grow food would use up a lot of energy .
Now , scientists at Penn State think they 've found a way for astronauts to create food with help from their own human waste .
Lisa Steinberg , a former postdoctoral astrobiology researcher at the school who now works as a science lab supervisor at Delaware County Community College , told NPR 's Scott Simon about how the multistep process works .
`` We collect the solid and liquid waste from the astronaut and we put it into a reactor where we have a mixed group of bacteria that break that waste down , '' she says . `` And from that they produce methane , which is a gas . And then that methane can be fed to a second type of bacteria — that it grows up and then the cells themselves have a lot of protein , have a lot of fat . ''
Penn State News described the model they built :
`` They created an enclosed , cylindrical system , four feet long by four inches in diameter , in which select microbes came into contact with the waste . The microbes broke down waste using anaerobic digestion , a process similar to the way humans digest food . ''
The process can grow a bacterium called Methylococcus capsulatus . It 's already in use today as an animal feed .
In the case of the Penn State researchers , their end product looks like a type of `` microbial goo , '' as Steinberg 's co-author Christopher House describes it . He told Penn State News that it 's similar to the Vegemite or Marmite spreads that people put on toast . The goo has a lot of protein and a lot of fat in it .
The substance `` can serve as a supplement to the diet of the astronauts and the life support system , '' Steinberg says .
It 's not quite operational yet .
`` To put it in a life support system you would definitely need to have a lot of safety precautions in place , '' she says . `` Astronaut protection would be first and foremost . You would need to make sure that there 's no potential of pathogens from the waste getting into the food source . ''
The researchers did n't actually taste it , Steinberg says . She says people who have tasted the stuff in the past `` described it as somewhat bland . ''
Steinberg has a solution for the good of the astronauts ' taste buds , however .
`` I recommended just bringing some Sriracha on board , '' she says , `` and that 'll make anything taste good . ''
John Egbunu leaves the game with apparent knee injury . He would not return . ( 1:41 )
AUBURN , Ala. -- Florida center John Egbunu left the Auburn game in the first half with a knee injury .
The 15th-ranked Gators announced on Twitter that Egbunu would n't return in the second half of Tuesday night 's game . He had 10 points and four rebounds before going down hard battling for a rebound midway through the half .
The 6-foot-11 , 255-pounder came in averaging 7.7 points , 6.7 rebounds and 1.6 blocked shots . Egbunu ranks in the top 10 in the Southeastern Conference in both rebounding and blocked shots .
By Jeffrey L. Boney
( NNPA Newswire Contributor )
How often do we hear messages about the amount of money Black people spend every year as consumers ? In a recent report by Nielsen titled , “ Black Dollars Matter : The Sales Impact of Black Consumers , ” the message was once again highlighted : While African Americans make up just 14 percent of the population , they are responsible for some $ 1.2 trillion in purchases annually .
It is no secret that a significant amount of money flows through the hands of Black people annually , but what does that mean if Black people are n't using their collective financial strength to change their overall situation in this country , or better yet , control their own destiny ?
According to a recent report by the Center for American Progress titled “ Systematic Inequality : How America 's Structural Racism Helped Create the Black-White Wealth Gap , ” African Americans have about a tenth of the wealth of White Americans . The report found that in 2016 , the median wealth for Blacks was $ 17,600 , compared to the median wealth of Whites being $ 171,000 . The report also found that even when Black people take progressive steps such as pursuing higher education , purchasing a home , or getting a good job or a better job , they are still falling way behind their White counterparts . The report found that the wealth gap between Black and White families in America is inextricably linked to America 's history of structural racism , and it concluded that this gap is getting even worse .
Now , while the statistics and information in this report are alarming , there are some things that Black people can focus on to make things better and improve their overall situation . One of the most encouraging parts of the report is that it emphasized the importance of having a focused approach on introducing targeted and necessary legislative policies , that if implemented could ensure that Black families are able to build the same wealth as White families in America .
The report also stated that improved access to higher education alone , while important , will not be enough to create equal opportunity in terms of wealth-building for all , but that broad and persistent policy attention to wealth creation can address this glaring inequity between Blacks and Whites in this country .
The importance of Black people using their collective financial strength to influence politics , while ensuring that necessary legislative policies are passed and implemented , is more important in 2018 than it has ever been . However , Blacks must understand the power they truly possess , as well as the opportunity they must make a difference in 2018 and beyond .
In “ The Godfather Part III , ” which is the third installment of the classic trilogy , there was a powerful scene in it that every Black person should pay close attention to , in which young Vincent Mancini-Corleone , played by actor Andy Garcia , becomes the mentee of aging mafia Don Michael Corleone , played by veteran screen legend and Academy Award winner Al Pacino .
In that scene , Vincent ( Garcia ) , who is unfamiliar with politics , has a powerful exchange with an Italian mafia kingpin name Don Lucchesi , played by Italian actor Enzo Robutti , about politics and money . The exchange goes :
Vincent Mancini : Don Lucchesi , you are a man of finance and politics . These things I do n't understand .
Don Lucchesi : You understand guns ?
Vincent Mancini : Yes .
Don Lucchesi : Finance is a gun . Politics knows when to pull the trigger .
In 2018 , Black people have their hands on the money , but need to start using their resources to pull the trigger politically , by funding qualified political candidates , financing voter registration initiatives , creating political action committees , hosting political forums , challenging incumbents who do n't have their best interests at heart , and even running for political office themselves .
The National Newspaper Publishers Association ( NNPA ) , a trade group that represents over 200 Black-owned media companies across the U.S. , has a focus , in 2018 , to register 5 million new , Black voters before the midterm elections with the hopes of ensuring that candidates are elected in November and beyond who want to introduce legislation that would effectively close the wealth gap between Blacks and Whites and improve the quality of life for Blacks overall .
There is much work to be done , but to see that type of change take place , Black people must get engaged in the political process , because everything that has positively and/or negatively impacted them in this country has been because of politics and legislation .
All one must do is review American history to see how Black people have consistently been systematically oppressed and have been on the wrong side of legislative decisions since this country 's inception . Going as far back as the Constitution of the United States , which includes the “ Three-Fifths Compromise , ” one is able to see how Black people have been negatively impacted by laws that they did not originate and that have disenfranchised them . Also , if you look at federal , state and local legislation such as the Emancipation Proclamation ; the Thirteenth Amendment ; the Dred Scott Decision ; the Brown v. Board of Education ; Plessy v. Ferguson ; the Jim Crow laws ; lynching ; sharecropping ; literacy tests , poll taxes and other segregationist policies ; Civil Rights Act of 1964 ; Voting Rights Act of 1965 ; the ‘ War on Drugs ' ; the ‘ Three Strikes Rule ' ; mandatory minimum sentencing ; ‘ Stand Your Ground ' laws ; and the voter disenfranchisement changes that have come as a result of the Supreme Court decision in the Shelby v. Holder case , you will see an all-too-common thread of public policy introductions and legal actions that have either positively or negatively impacted Black people in this country .
It is time for Black people to stop treating politics like a taboo subject and start treating politics like the primary solution it is . It is time for Black people to pull the trigger on politics .
Jeffrey L. Boney serves as Associate Editor and is an award-winning journalist for the Houston Forward Times newspaper . Jeffrey is a frequent contributor on the Nancy Grace Show and has a daily radio talk show called Real Talk with Jeffrey L. Boney . He is a Next Generation Project Fellow , dynamic , international speaker , experienced entrepreneur , business development strategist and Founder/CEO of the Texas Business Alliance . If you would like to request Jeffrey as a speaker , you can reach him at jboney1 @ forwardtimes.com . Follow Jeffrey on Twitter @ realtalkjunkies .
WIN FAMILY PASSES TO GERONIMO FESTIVAL
Fancy a great day out with the family ? The Geronimo Festival is the largest children 's festival in the UK and takes place at Arley Hall in Cheshire , 27-29 May . You can even make a long weekend of it this year with the addition of glamping and camping . The theme is Princesses , Knights and Dragons , so don your finest costumes to get into the spirit of this magical event where there 's something for everyone ! The line-up includes kid 's TV royalty Justin Fletcher as well as Mr Bloom . Popular pirate duo Swashbuckle will also be at the show . There 's also a Pony Grand National , circus and jousting shows , Bubble Man , a Victorian funfair , live music and so much more ! For full details of what 's on over the three days head to geronimofest.com .
We 've five family passes up for grabs ( two adults , two children – under twos go free ) . Passes are worth approximately £100 and entitle families to a day 's entry * * to Geronimo Festival on Saturday 27 May .
This competition is only available to Candis members . Members – please log in at the top of the screen to enter this competition . Non members – click here for more information on becoming a Candis member .
This competition is only open to Candis members that subscribe to the magazine . Competition closes on 31/03/2017 .
Sri Lanka vs India 2017 : 3rd Test Day 3 , 5 talking points
India demolish Sri Lanka to win the series 3-0 .
by gsubhash.chandra2792 Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017 , 17:57 IST
India handed Sri Lanka a 3-0 whitewash
India beat Sri Lanka in the third and final Test of the 3-match series by an innings and 171 runs with more than two days to spare . The number one Test team registered their first whitewash away from home in Tests ( minimum of 3-Test series ) .
The hosts continued their sorry performance with the bat on day 3 . Continuing from their overnight score of 19 for 1 , they lost Dimuth Karunaratne very early in the day .
Mohammed Shami , who bowled a brilliant spell with the new ball in the first innings , was at his best yet again . He dismissed Karunaratne and Kusal Mendis cheaply and put Sri Lanka under pressure straight away .
After losing four wickets for not much on the board , the two best batsmen of Sri Lanka - Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal , put together a patient partnership of 65 runs . However , both batsmen got out in quick succession looking to play attacking shots .
Niroshan Dickwella ( 41 off 52 balls ) impressed once again with his composure at the crease . The attacking southpaw looked the best of the lot during his stay . He employed the sweep against the spinners and kept the scoreboard ticking but it was n't enough to impact the game .
For India , it was Shami who was the pick of the bowlers once again . The quickie started the day brilliantly , getting two quick wickets upfront and setting the tone for the spinners . Ravichandran Ashwin , too , was brilliant with his off-spinners and picked up four wickets for 68 . Kuldeep Yadav and Umesh Yadav bagged one and two wickets respectively .
With this dominating win , India handed Sri Lanka their first whitewash in a 3-Test series since 2004 .
Here are five talking points from the day 's play .
# 5 Sri Lankan batting disappoints yet again
India dominated the hosts in all departments of the game . They bowled , batted and fielded in a superior fashion in all the games and even had a better success rate using DRS .
But the main reason Sri Lanka lost this series 3-0 was their uninspiring batting . The hosts just could n't perform as a team the entire series .
It was the same story on day 3 as all the batsmen lacked intent and threw away their wickets . Things are not looking good for the future of Sri Lankan cricket at the moment .
Rawalpindi
Director General , Rawalpindi Development Authority ( RDA ) Rana Akbar Hayat Wednesday directed the officers to work hard to complete the ongoing development projects within stipulated time frame .
Chairing a meeting held here to review ongoing and new schemes of RDA , Engineering Wing he directed the officers to complete the ongoing projects swiftly .
Chief Engineer RDA , Athar Hussain Bokhari , Assistant Director ( AD ) Engineering , Rahat Ali Qureshi , AD Engineering Muhammad Faisal and other officers were present on the occasion .
The Chief Engineer discussed and gave detailed presentation about ongoing and new schemes of the Engineering Wing like Ring Road project , Nullah Lai Expressway , Remodeling of Ammar Chowk , Dualization of Link Road from Tipu Road to Benazir Bhutto Airport Road , Sarwar Road and other projects.—APP
Analysts at FSDH Research have forecasted that inflation rate for the month of November will further slip to 15.84 percent from 15.91 percent recorded in October .
In its Inflation Watch report released last week , FSDH Research explained that the expected marginal decline in the inflation rate was premised on a slower increase in the food and non-food divisions , compared with the previous month .
The October inflation rate was the ninth consecutive month of decrease in the headline inflation in 2017 . Based on the data release calendar on the website of the National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) , the stats office will release the inflation rate for the month of November 2017 on December 19 , 2017 .
The monthly Food Price Index ( FPI ) from the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) shows that the Index averaged 175.8 points . This is 0.46 percent lower than the revised value for October 2017 , but 2.26 percent higher than the November 2016 figure .
According to the FAO , the sharp fall in the price of dairy products largely offset the increases recorded in the prices of sugar and vegetable oil . The FAO Dairy Price Index recorded the highest drop , dropping by 4.92 percent from October 2017 . The FAO Meat Price Index was marginally down by 0.09 percent largely unchanged from the revised October value .
The FAO Sugar Price Index was up 4.53 percent , the highest level recorded in the last three months . The increase was supported by declining exports from Brazil .
The FAO Vegetable Oil Price Index was up by 1.24 percent . The rise in the Index mainly reflects higher prices for soy , rapeseed and sunflower oils . The FAO Cereal Price Index was up by 0.29 percent in November 2017 as a result of the increase in the prices of wheat and maize .
“ Our analysis indicates that the value of the Naira depreciated at both the inter-bank and parallel markets . The Naira lost by 0.07 percent and 0.28 percent to close at $ /N306.00 and $ /N363.50 at both the inter-bank and parallel markets respectively .
“ The drop in the international prices of food moderated the effect of the depreciation in the value of Naira on local prices .
The prices of most of the food items we monitored in November 2017 moderated downwards , while a few items recorded price appreciation . The movement in the prices of food items during the month resulted in 0.8 percent increase in our Food and Non-Alcoholic Index to 258.03 points .
“ Our Food and Non-Alcoholic Index increased by 20.15 percent from 214.76 points in November 2016 .
“ We also noticed increase in the prices of Housing , Water , Electricity , Gas & Other Fuels divisions between October 2017 and November 2017 .
“ Our model indicates that the general price movement in the consumer goods and services in November 2017 increased the Composite Consumer Price Index ( CCPI ) to 244.81 points , representing a month-on-month increase of 0.73 percent .
“ We estimate that the increase in the CCPI in November 2017 would produce an inflation rate of 15.84 percent lower than the 15.91 percent recorded in October 2017 , ” the report said .
You need to login to view the rest of the content . Please Login . Not a Member ? Join Us
Star Clayne Crawford apologized to the cast and crew of “ Lethal Weapon ” Tuesday in the wake of reports claiming that his behavior on set has endangered the future of the Fox drama .
In a statement posted on Instagram , Crawford provided details of two on-set incidents for which he was reprimanded , both related to concerns over working conditions . Crawford said that in the first incident , which occurred last fall , he “ reacted with anger over working conditions that did not feel safe or conducive to good work , ” prompting an angry response from the director and assistant director of the episode being shot . Crawford said that , following instruction from Warner Bros. Television , which produces the show , he completed therapy and shared a portion of his pay from the episode with one of the parties involved .
According to Crawford , the second incident occurred this spring during production of the first “ Lethal Weapon ” episode in which he served as director . During filming , an actor was hit by a piece of shrapnel from a special effect . “ I take responsibility for the incident , because I was in charge of the set , ” Crawford said . “ I absolutely love , respect , and care for my crew and cast and would never intentionally jeopardize so many jobs . ”
Related TV News Roundup : Fox Sets Midseason Premiere Dates for 'LA to Vegas , ' 'The Resident ' 'Lethal Weapon ' Gets Second Season Order at Fox
He added , “ I love the process of filmmaking and television . It takes a village , and I am incredibly sorry if my passion for doing good work has ever made anyone feel less than comfortable on set or feel less than celebrated for their efforts . Furthermore , I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention ‘ Lethal Weapon ' is receiving because of these incidents . ”
On Monday , multiple outlets reported that concern over Crawford 's behavior had injured the chances of “ Lethal Weapon ” landing a season-three renewal at Fox . Deadline reported that Crawford “ had a history of bad behavior on the show , ” and that the issue had escalated to the point that it “ was threatening the future of the show , ” with producers considering recasting Crawford . TVLine reported later Monday that Warner Bros. was considering dropping Crawford 's character from season three and replacing him with a new female character .
Representatives for Warner Bros. Television and Fox Broadcasting declined to comment for this story .
“ Lethal Weapon ” has been a solid ratings performer for Fox since its premiere in 2016 . In its second season , it has averaged a 1.7 rating in the 18-49 demo and 6.9 million total viewers , according to Nielsen live-plus-seven numbers . The buddy-cop drama stars Crawford and Damon Wayans , and is based loosely on the series of action films starring Mel Gibson and Danny Glover .
Read the full statement from Crawford below :
As you can imagine , yesterday 's headlines were incredibly distressing .
It is true that I have been reprimanded twice during the past two seasons of ‘ Lethal Weapon . ' The first reprimand was because I reacted with anger over working conditions that did not feel safe or conducive to good work under the leadership of a guest director and assistant director , who , in turn , were angry at my response . I met with human resources , I apologized for my part of the conflict , and I completed studio appointed therapy in October . I even shared a sizeable portion of my paycheck with one of the parties involved , per the instruction of the studio .
The second reprimand happened just a few weeks ago during the episode I was directing . An actor on set felt unsafe because a piece of shrapnel from an effect hit him . It was an unfortunate event that happened in spite of all precautions and procedures being followed . I take responsibility for the incident , because I was in charge of the set . I absolutely love , respect , and care for my crew and cast and would never intentionally jeopardize so many jobs . Moreover , I love the process of filmmaking and television . I appreciate and respect the work of everyone involved . It takes a village , and I am incredibly sorry if my passion for doing good work has ever made anyone feel less than comfortable on set or feel less than celebrated for their efforts . Furthermore , I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention ‘ Lethal Weapon ' is receiving because of these incidents .
I take great pride in treating everyone in life with dignity and kindness . I am very grateful for my job , and I work extremely hard at it . I have a responsibility to do good work for my coworkers , my family , and my home state , and most especially for the fans . I hope they will stick with me and stick with the show .
Coral Gables Police Chief Ed Hudak , in uniform , visited a pool party thrown by fellow officers last July . His picture with bikini-clad female officers sparked an investigation by the city . Miami Herald File
A record was set at the Iowa Governor 's Charity Steer Show and Sale at the Iowa State Fair over the weekend .
The sale generated $ 27,000 dollars for the Ronald McDonald Houses of Iowa , pushing the total raised over 35 years past the $ 3 million mark . The winner was Governor Kim Reynolds showing a steer owned by Cody Von Glan of Vail . Reynolds says she 's thrilled to carry on the tradition started by former Governor Terry Branstad .
“ This is the 35th annual Governor 's Celebrity Steer Show and I just have so much respect and admiration for these young kids that put the time and effort into raising these steers and the proceeds that go toward the Ronald McDonald Houses , ” Reynolds says . “ They 're to be commended . ”
The Ronald McDonald Houses services families with children needing medical attention and Reynolds says a new house is being built in Des Moines . The governor 's winning steer was sponsored by the Iowa Cattlemen 's Association and the Iowa Beef Industry Council . Council Chair Steve Rehder says the show raises money for a great cause and helps promote the cattle industry .
Rehder says , “ It 's a tremendous event to display the beef industry and how we want to work with people and the Ronald McDonald Houses , I ca n't think of a better way to do that then the way they help families when families are in need. ” Alec Gotto of Dyersville won the People 's Choice Award , a young man who shows while in an electric wheelchair . Iowa Secretary of Ag Bill Northey were the showmanship winner .
( By Jerry Oster , WNAX , Yankton )
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump raised eyebrows and set tongues wagging on Thursday when he referred to a gathering of military leaders as `` the calm before the storm '' .
The President smiled smugly as he told reporters who asked what he meant by the cryptic remark `` You 'll find out '' .
Trump 's cliffhanger sparked speculation that he may be about to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal or that he is planning action against North Korea .
He once again declined to explain himself when pressed on his `` calm before the storm '' comment when pressed again on Friday , once again telling reporters only that , `` You 'll find out . ''
( Image : Getty )
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders also declined to say what Trump meant .
When asked whether Trump was just being mischievous , Sanders denied he was just `` messing with the press . ''
She told the White House press briefing : `` I think we have some serious world issues here . I think that North Korea , Iran both continue to be bad actors and the president is somebody who 's going to always look for ways to protect Americans . ''
Leon Panetta , a former defence secretary and CIA director , said Trump 's remarks would be something `` you 'd really worry about '' under a previous president .
But he said Trump 's comments appeared to follow a pattern he 'd established on Twitter .
( Image : AFP )
He told CNN : `` You begin to assume that it 's more about getting attention than it is about proclaiming some kind of national policy .
`` I do n't think it 's responsible ... but I think in this instance we probably all should take a deep breath and try to assume he 's just making a play for attention .
`` There is no indication that there is a strategy or a policy behind that statement , '' he added .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Trump made the `` calm before the storm '' comment during a photo opportunity before having dinner with US military leaders and their wives .
The dinner followed a meeting in which Trump and the military leaders discussed Iran , North Korea , Afghanistan and the fight against Islamic State .
The president also appeared to criticise the military leaders on Thursday for moving too slowly to provide him advice .
( Image : REUTERS )
`` Moving forward , I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options , when needed , at a much faster pace . I know that government bureaucracy is slow , but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy , '' he said .
Asked if Trump felt like military leaders were deliberately being slow to advise him , Sanders said , `` Not at all . ''
`` As you know , he 's a person who like to take action and take it quickly , '' she said . `` He wants options on the table so that he can make quick decision . ''
Anti-Trump Forces in Desperate Denial By Michael S. Rozeff – Lew Rockwell
The anti-Trump press frantically denies reality . One panelist claims there is no such thing as a deep state . Another claims the 4-page memo is the product of a conspiracy theory .
The anti-Trump political faction is fighting the evidence of FBI complicity in a political plot against Trump . Schumer wrote a letter demanding that Rep. Nunes be removed as chair of the House Select Committee on Intelligence . When 's the last time a senator made such an absurd demand ? Pelosi also seeks his ouster .
The memo is actually MILD , very MILD in comparison to everything that went on in 2016 that is known to those who followed this closely , but is not yet known by the general public because the anti-Trump media covered it up and joined in the anti-Trump cacophony . Therefore , it shows total panic by the anti-Trump faction when Pelosi lashes out with huge falsehoods :
“ President Trump has surrendered his constitutional responsibility as Commander-in-Chief by releasing highly classified and distorted intelligence . ”
This is a total falsehood . There is absolutely nothing in this memo that remotely resembles truely material intelligence or even any lower degree of intelligence that affects national security via revelations to an enemy or purported enemy . Classification of it in the first place is a farce . This stuff is important in showing an FBI captured by anti-Trump forces , but not important with respect to compromising the U.S. vis-a-vis any foreign country or internal domestic threat .
Therefore , it 's even more outrageous for Pelosi to claim that Trump is collaborating with Russia :
“ By not protecting intelligence sources and methods , he just sent his friend Putin a bouquet . ”
There is zip in this memo that reveals anything about U.S. sources and methods that many other intelligence services in this world already know , not only by dint of covert spying but by access to open-source documents . A great deal can be found out merely by closely following a subject , keeping records , examining what people say , and connecting the dots .
Sharing is caring !
“ We 're activists , we fight every day of our lives , ” says singer Shea Diamond . She 's speaking for herself and hitmaker Justin Tranter , who is a executive produced her debut EP “ Seen It All ” ( Asylum Records ) . The two plan to celebrate its release by taking in a movie . “ We need one night to let down our hair , ” she adds .
Tranter , formerly the frontman of Semi Precious Weapons , has had issues with the music industry , and consequently now prefers to work behind-the-scenes rather than on stage . “ This business has proven to be just as racist , transphobic , homophobic and misogynistic as the rest of the world , so that 's the obvious challenge [ for Shea ] , ” Tranter tells Variety . “ The more subtle challenge is that most people do n't want people who 've actually experienced the hardest hardships singing about them because it 's too real . They 'd prefer a white , straight , cis ‘ ally ' singing and speaking about it because it makes them less uncomfortable . But those days are over , honey . The truth should come from the source . ”
Tranter , who has previously collaborated with the likes of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber , admits , “ I do n't get to address the current social political climate in most of the music I work on. ” He considers Diamond , whom he discovered performing at a Black Trans Lives Matter event , the ultimate source . Says Tranter : “ [ she makes ] soul music with the most honest , progressive , underdog perspective that one can imagine . Her voice is sent down from heaven to help her tell the raw poetic truth about the hell she has overcome . ”
Related 'Pose ' Star Billy Porter on His Emotional Episode and the Importance of Visibility 'Pose ' Team on Importance of Inclusion on TV -- and the Real World
As a boy who always identified as a girl growing up in Little Rock , Arkansas ( before moving to Memphis and then Flint , Michigan ) , Diamond was raised on gospel music and later gravitated toward Diana Ross , Tina Turner and Dolly Parton . As a transgender teenage runaway , she robbed a store at gunpoint in an attempt to pay for gender confirmation surgery , but wound up serving a decade in the men 's prison system despite her comparatively young age and conflicting identity .
Consequently , Diamond is getting a relatively late start on her career aspirations . “ I tell people all the time : I 'm closer to the grave than I am to the cradle , ” she cracks . “ Honey , look , I have pennies older than half of the people that objectify me or feel a certain way about how I live my life . So to be a 40-year-old woman , a trans woman , to make it to that age it 's not really heard of . We get killed off before we 're 25 . The only type of entertainment you want from us — no shade — is Jerry Springer . People do n't want to see the struggle of what it takes for a trans woman to survive . It 's more comfortable for people — for everybody now — for entertainment purposes to see a drag queen . That 's a person who can take it off . The trans experience is a person who is n't doing it for entertainment purposes . Everything this person does is for survival . What does survival look like ? It looks like [ me ] . ”
Diamond 's talent has already been showcased on TV , but instead of a trashy talk show it was on episode one of Ryan Murphy 's “ Pose , ” which focuses on transgender women of color taking on the mean streets ( and the after-hours ballroom scene ) of New York City circa the '80s . Diamond is hoping to be similarly embraced by the music business but she has her doubts . Says Diamond : “ How many dark-skinned artists do you see with my complexion ? That was n't a rhetorical question . There are n't many . If you too dark , you asked to lighten your skin . If you weigh too much , you asked to lose some weight . If you 're trans and you 're my color , trying to do anything — absolutely anything , honey — it 's not going to be an easy fight . We 're at the same place we 've always been : If it ai n't white , it ai n't right . I was just fortunate and blessed to meet Justin for the visionary he is . Otherwise , all those songs would have died with me . ”
“ Understand I wrote songs that I could n't shake . That I wrote in prison , ” Diamond adds , referring to “ I Am Her , ” which has already been heralded as a trans anthem of empowerment . “ Even the inmates on the inside were singing along to it and kept on asking me to sing . That has to mean something . I did n't want to be buried with [ my songs ] . ”
These days Diamond has opportunities to perform outside of correctional facilities ; last month she played Hotel Café in her adopted home of Los Angeles , for instance , and finds herself hobnobbing with the likes of Nile Rodgers out on the town . “ I 'm in awe right now , ” says Diamond . “ If I can be completely honest , and I mean completely honest , there were times I had very lucid , vivid dreams that something like all this amazing stuff that is happening , and I would wake up in a cold cell . So somebody is gon na have to pinch me . ”
Diamond insists that “ Seen It All ” is merely an introduction to the woman she fought hard to become , and is currently at work on a full-length album . “ I think about influences like Madonna who reinvented themselves time and time again , ” she says . “ My music is gon na shake your brain up . If you think this [ EP ] is something , you 're going to go crazy . Creatively I want to go beyond : I want to blur the lines of what gender is and sexuality is . Do n't just look at : ‘ Oh , that 's a trans woman ' or ‘ that 's a woman of color . ' This is somebody who is making some dope music , some music that has to be made . This music is a testament of our time . … I want to shake things up . I want to exact change — I believe we can do [ that ] through our music , but we have to come together and stop demonizing each other . This is n't a competition . We all can win . We have a hell of a fight of ahead of us , and some good music is not gon na hurt . ”
Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever
Hammering Out the Hits !
For Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever , Writing Songs Is a Breeze – But Not Naming Bands
I 've yet to meet a music fan who has n't fallen for Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever . The problem is , my sample size is relatively small . Despite two spectacular mini-LPs to their rather convoluted name , the Melbourne , Australia five-piece remains a treasure known to a select few . And what 's not to like ? Ringing guitars , irrepressible energy , and an almost impossible knack for melody are the quintet 's stock in trade .
Maybe it 's the name that 's holding them back . Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever does n't exactly roll off the tongue . “ We sort of just bit the bullet early on , ” explains Joe White , one of the band 's three guitarists , songwriters and vocalists . In their low-stakes early days , the boys began playing out as the Rolling Blackouts . When momentum began to build , however , they quickly realized there was no shortage of bands called the Blackouts or Rolling Blackouts . “ It was n't like anyone told us to change our name , but we figured we would before anything happened . Instead of changing it entirely we decided to just add two words . It 's a ridiculous name , I know . ”
Fans tend to shorten it anyway , and in an apparent gambit to preserve character count even their album covers credit them as Rolling Blackouts C.F . – which probably leads to further marketing headaches .
“ To me band names are silly anyway , ” White adds . “ Sometimes you can hate a name but once you hear the music you forget about it. ” Hey , it never held back Dinosaur Jr .
The most common reference point trotted out for RBCF – a both fair and flattering one – is to their fellow countrymen The Go-Betweens . “ We all love them , ” White acknowledges . “ They 're national treasures , although they were anchored in Brisbane , ” which is further from Melbourne than Atlanta is from Boston – a nuance lost on many Americans .
The two bands share the shimmering , wistful tone mainly associated with Grant McLennan 's half of The Go-Betweens ' catalog . “ It 's almost a coincidence that we 're structured similarly . None of us are fantastic singers , it took us awhile to figure us how to use our voices and make it sound all right . When we finally did I guess it kind of came out like them . There are other bands we think of as more direct influences though . ”
The first of those that springs to mind for me is The Feelies , given both groups ' manic strum and RBCF drummer Marcel Tussie 's gloriously basic yet rock-solid backbeat . “ We 'll take it , ” White laughs . “ Tom and Fran especially are big Feelies fans. ” Check out the urgent “ Julie 's Place ” from 2017 's near-perfect The French Press for ample evidence .
Fran Keaney ( White 's cousin ) and Tom Russo ( whose brother Joe plays bass ) are RBCF 's other two frontmen . Despite the multiple family ties , White assures me they 're not prone to knock-down drag-outs a la the Gallagher or Davies clans . “ We 're all pretty chill and good friends , whether we 're family or not . ”
It 's the three-guitar lineup – two electric , one acoustic – that drives RBCF 's signature sound . That , and an additional punch that differentiates them from The Go-Betweens and lends credence to the band 's own “ tough pop ” descriptor . For more contemporary comparisons , I 'm reminded of Kevin Morby 's louder stuff , or a less flashy Luna .
Given the three-songwriter model , a closer to home influence is the excellent Dick Diver , RBCF 's Melbourne scenemates . “ I think you can safely say we 're fans of that band . I like that you can always find the common thread running through their songs. ” This goes double for the Blackouts , where aside from clues embedded in the vocals you 'd be hard pressed to determine who contributes what . “ They all wind up as joint compositions , but they vary in the way they come into the room , ” White explains . “ I tend to sit at home in front of the computer and lay things out , jamming with myself. ” It 's splitting hairs , but White 's tend more toward actual singing – often with an echoey effect – as on the spikier “ Sick Bug ” and the lovely “ Dig Up. ” Keaney and Russo favor a talk-singing style – and they trade verses across the five-plus minutes of hypnotic grooves on The French Press ' title track
“ We 've written songs together for years – Tom , Fran and myself . It 's kind of a songwriting project , ” White says of the band , over audible hammering in the background . He 's been hired for a project by his brother , a carpenter , to assist with a home renovation – the ideal musician 's day job given its inherent scheduling flexibility . “ It 's a good antidote to the world of rock ‘ n ' roll , getting up early , ” he offers , mentioning that his mates ' other gigs range from barista to law clerk .
One professed influence you 'd be hard-pressed to identify solely from their records is The Clash . “ Maybe not so much the music but the attitude that goes with it , ” he allows , “ The punishing live show and the united front they present. ” “ Punishing ” is not an adjective I would have thought to apply to RBCF , which has been known to cover “ Train in Vain ” as an encore ( while touring the UK they also did Orange Juice 's “ Blue Boy , ” a more simpatico selection ) . White acknowledges that the band is a good bit more raucous live . “ We definitely lean in , ” he adds with a laugh . “ We started out writing songs in the bedroom just for fun but once we brought them out into the world , we realize people want to move but retain the melody. ” I 've yet to see them live , but could imagine them coming across like Chronic Town-era R.E.M . in a small club .
Daylight venues like Shaky Knees ( where they 'll play in Atlanta May 4th ) are nothing new for Rolling Blackouts , who have done their share of afternoon festivals both in the UK and at home in Australia . Although their striped sunlight sound would seem to fit nicely , White freely admits , “ We definitely prefer the nighttime . Everything looks better in the darkness , and I think it sounds better too. ” This helps explain why they were game for an Atlanta post-Shaky late show at Terminal West that night , where they 'll appear alongside Parquet Courts .
On both stages , however , RCBF is likely to still be featuring material from their pair of winning mini-LPs . A full-length album recorded last summer , titled Hope Downs , will not yet be out ; Sub Pop has scheduled a June 15th release date . “ The lyrical content you could argue is more solemn or pensive , ” he says – a point many also made about the progression from 2016 's Talk Tight to 2017 's The French Press , “ but musically it 's definitely a pop record. ” And based on “ Mainland , ” the first single from Hope Downs , that pop continues to get tougher too . “ There are a few more moments of difference , though . ”
The mini-LPs were recorded in RBCF 's rehearsal space , a sign of no-frills economy far more than lo-fi aesthetic – the clear guitar interplay is one of the band 's calling cards . With more resources to work with , they still held the production values in check . “ A friend of our drummer Marcel has a beautiful house not far from the ocean in northern New South Wales . We had our friend from Sydney , Liam Judson , bring in his portable studio and we spent two weeks there , then did a week of overdubs backs at our rehearsal space. ” The songs had been percolating for some time , so it was mainly a matter of hunkering down and capturing the desired renditions .
As on the mini-LPs , the songs on Hope Downs are fairly evenly split across writers , “ though not out of any democratic fairness or anything . We 're not precious about who does what. ” The crew has played in bands together before “ that went from the garage to the pub but that 's about it . With this project I guess we found a more concise point to make . ”
Similar models of multi-songwriter egalitarianism are fairly few and far between . Two that come to mind – Sloan and Teenage Fanclub – have maintained impressive quality control over lengthy careers without ever succumbing to the easier marketing path of highlighting a single frontman for the world . RBCF seems similarly equipped to hold egos in check and come to think of it , Teenage Fanclub is n't a bad reference point for their shiny , hooky tunes tinged with just a hint of melancholy .
Melbourne seems like a pretty idyllic place to be a musician these days . It 's stylistically diverse – Courtney Barnett , the scene 's current standard bearer for much of the world , sounds little like Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever . Even a seemingly similar band like Dick Diver ( and do n't get me started on that troupe 's fractured family tree with the likes of Total Control and Camp Cope ) has plenty of space to distinguish itself . “ If your ambition is to write heaps of songs and play every weekend , you can do that in Melbourne . It 's pretty common – you can play drums in one band and trumpet in another if you want. ” For instance , White has toured the EU multiple times with Cash Savage and the Last Drinks , a six-piece blues country band that 's “ a very different thing . ”
Although they 're from Sydney , I eventually find myself bringing up the Bed Wettin ' Bad Boys as my latest example of White 's “ great band/awful name ” point . “ Really ? I like that one… ” he responds quizzically . What 's in a name anyway ?
Photo by Robin Utama .
NEW YORK/LONDON ( Reuters ) - Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency 's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months , even as it blasted above $ 17,000 to a fresh record high in the spot market .
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets ( CBOE.O ) launched the futures late on Sunday , marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large , regulated exchange .
The one-month bitcoin contract < 0 # XBT : > opened at 6 p.m. local time ( 2300 GMT ) on Sunday at $ 15,460 . By late afternoon on Monday in New York , it was trading at $ 18,650 , roughly 8 percent above bitcoin 's spot price of $ 16,900 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP .
Bitcoin earlier hit a record high of $ 17,270 .
Its steep gains and rapid rise have attracted investors around the world as well as intense scrutiny from government regulators , which is the very opposite of what its creators wanted when it first launched bitcoin more than eight years ago .
“ The bitcoin founder should be horrified seeing it rise so quickly , as any serious focus on it and its recent explosive move higher will soon end its freedom , ” said John Taylor Jr , president and founder of research firm Taylor Global Vision in New York .
Taylor believes that based on his charts , bitcoin has not yet peaked , but as soon as the “ upmove ends , it will crash . ”
Given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month , and was up more than 15 percent on Monday alone , the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating .
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States , but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use .
The CME Group ( CME.O ) is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17 .
( To view a graphic on Bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click tmsnrt.rs/2AeMjHe )
VOLATILITY CONCERNS
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors , most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors said bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value .
“ There 's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility , ” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder .
The two-month contract was trading at $ 18,750 , an 11 percent premium over the spot price , while the three-month contract was changing hands at $ 18,140 , a roughly 12 percent premium .
While modest when compared with bitcoin 's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months , those levels still indicated a lack of large “ short ” positions betting against bitcoin .
“ Anyone , especially a professional trading outfit , would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market , ” said Nick Spanos , founder of Bitcoin Center NYC . “ But just because it does n't happen on day one does n't mean it wo n't in the future . ”
Bitcoin was up more than 1,600 percent so far in 2017 , having started the year at less than $ 1,000 .
Virtual currency Bitcoin tokens are seen in this illustration picture , December 8 , 2017 . Picture taken December 8 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
‘ MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMIZATION '
As of early afternoon trading in New York , 3,951 one-month contracts had changed hands , meaning around $ 73.1 million had been notionally traded . That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $ 21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies , according to trade website Coinmarketcap .
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market . But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets , the rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin .
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week , before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours .
“ ( Bitcoin futures ) will speed up the march towards legitimization of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use , ” said Jo Torode , a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London .
The futures are cash-settled contracts , allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency .
Slideshow ( 4 Images )
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange , which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss .
( GRAPHIC : Bitcoin futures suggest growth , but slower - reut.rs/2yfblkV )
DRAMATIC GAINS
Bitcoin was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto , and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden , making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible .
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering .
“ It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me , ” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand 's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday .
Somebody who invested $ 1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $ 1.2 million .
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures gave an extra kick to the cryptocurrency 's scorching run this year .
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages .
Several online brokerages , including Charles Schwab Corp ( SCHW.N ) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp ( AMTD.O ) , did not allow trading of the new futures immediately .
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM.N ) and Citigroup Inc ( C.N ) would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS.N ) said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients .
( For an interactive graphic on bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click here )
Small Town Girls from Langton will be 'kicking it ' with Juno and CCMA award-winning artist Brett Kissel in North Bay on Feb. 23 , 2018 .
The Norfolk County country music sisters , 13-year-old twins Haley and Hannah and 15-year-old Cassie Van Maele , were one of nine winners in this year 's Kick It With Kissel contest . Participants were asked to record a video performing their favourite original , cover , or Kissel songs , and stating why they wanted to open for Kissel , and posted them to social media using the # KickItWithKissel hashtag . Winners were chosen by a panel comprised of Country Music Association of Ontario board members , Invictus Entertainment Group , and Kissel .
Small Town Girls , along with co-winners Buck Twenty ( Windsor ) and Ben Hudson ( Uxbridge ) , had won a similar Kick It With Kissel contest in December 2016 .
`` It was the best night of my life , '' said Haley Van Maele , recalling a message she wrote on Instagram following their Jan. 20 , 2017 show in Barrie when Small Town Girls opened on his Ice Snow & 30 Below Tour . `` It was amazing and I will never forget it . From when we got up on stage to leaving it , I realized this is me and this is where I want our paths to lead . ''
`` The time of our lives , '' agreed Hannah , who wrote a similar heartfelt post on her Instagram in January .
Kissel , a multi Canadian Country Music Association award winner for Fan 's Choice and Male Artist of the Year begins Part I of his We Were His Song Tour in January 2018 . The 51-show tour ends March 24 , and Part II continues in September , giving Kissel time to pursue opportunities in the USA during the break .
“ I remember how helpful it was to my career to open for a bigger artist and play to a packed house , ” said Kissel in a media release . “ I 'm happy to provide a similar opportunity to up and coming artists as there is so much great talent out there ! ”
Kissel launched his second Kick It With Kissel contest in October , identifying eight venues that were available - five in Ontario ( Thunder Bay , Sault Ste Marie , Sudbury , North Bay and Barrie ) , three in British Columbia . Contestants had until Nov. 26 to post videos .
Small Town Girls covered two Kissel songs - We Were That Song and I Can Play Guitar - recorded at Kevin Belanger 's Norwich studio , and both videos were filmed at Long & McQuade in Woodstock . It was n't unanimous , but the girls decided to enter their version of We Were That Song , the title track of Kissel 's album and tour .
Invictus Entertainment Group had planned to announce the winners Monday , Dec. 4 , but `` due to overwhelming response to the contest '' decided they needed more time to review the submissions and pushed it back to Friday , Dec. 8 , the same day Kissel launched his We Were That Song album .
`` In Ontario , we did this in conjunction with the Ontario Country Music Association , and in BC we did it with the BC Country Music Association , '' said Louis O'Reilly from Invictus , estimating they had about 100 entries . `` So not only did we want to find local talent , we wanted to do it in the context of those organizations and really promote them . ''
The Small Town Girls found out a few days before the official announcement they had won a 20-minute opening slot in Thunder Bay . To say the girls were `` surprised '' when they got home from school that day might be an understatement , but it was n't quite the same screaming reaction of a year ago .
`` I cried because I did n't want to go on a plane , '' said Haley .
`` I did n't think we were going to win , '' Cassie admitted . `` I did n't think they 'd pick the same people from last year . ''
`` Mom said , 'guess who 's taking a road trip to Thunder Bay ? ' '' said Hannah . `` And we were like , 'what ? ' I was kind of like Cassie , I did n't think that we were going to win . At first , I was super excited because I wanted to go on a plane . And then mom wanted to drive . She went online and said , 'nope , not doing that . ' ''
`` We did n't know how far it was , '' said Cassie , who shared some of Haley 's airplane apprehension , not wanting to fly in the winter .
If flying was n't an option , the family was looking at a 15-17 hour ( 1,400 km ) drive ... if the weather cooperated . Invictus solved their dilemma by offering an alternative 15-minute opening slot at one of the closer venues . They chose North Bay , only a five-hour drive , and North Bay 's We Were That Song opening act ( Ben Hudson ) agreed to share the night , retaining his 20-minute slot .
`` At first when they changed it I was mad , '' said Haley . `` I was upset because I kind of want to go on a plane now . I was like , ' I 'm going to get over my fear ! ' But now , I 'm glad that we 're going to North Bay . ''
`` I had such a great time last year , '' said Cassie , and when she shared the news with a friend , the instant reaction was ' I want to come ! '
`` She wants to hitch a ride with my grandparents , '' Cassie smiled .
The girls have begun the process of selecting their four-song set list to play at the 934-seat Capitol Centre , and will potentially learn new songs , but it has n't been finalized yet .
`` We have ideas , '' said Cassie .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Scotty T has been confirmed as a new presenter on MTV 's Just Tattoo Of Us , where he 'll appear alongside his fellow Geordie Shore alumni Charlotte Crosby .
29-year-old Scotty was roped in as a replacement for Stephen Bear after his bitter split with co-presenter Charlotte last October .
The news comes just months after Scotty was caught on camera appearing to snort an unknown substance and expose himself to a female whilst filming scenes for the show .
Three videos emerged in December last year which appeared to show Scotty leaning down to sniff something in front of a frosted glass window at Leighton TV Studios .
( Image : Flynet )
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : MTV )
The video was taken by a passerby as Scotty spent three days filming scenes for the show .
Further images then emerged that seemed to picture Scotty exposing his genitals to a pretty brunette who 'd just been tattooed as part of the reality show .
After the footage was released , MTV bosses were said to have entered into 'crisis ' talks about his future on the show .
( Image : Twitter/ @ mtvgeordieshore )
( Image : Supplied by WENN )
Scotty - real name Scott Timlin - headed to Australia just as the clips were made public .
A representative of Scotty told The Sun at the time : “ Scotty has had work commitments booked in Australia for months . ”
The reality TV star has previously admitted taking drugs , writing in his 2016 autobiography A Shore Thing : `` I have dabbled occasionally . I 'm not ashamed to admit that for a while I went a bit silly , and was up to all sorts , but at the time I thought it was mint .
`` And when I was raving on MDMA I was on top of the world . ''
Mirror Online has contacted representatives of Scotty . MTV declined to comment .
( Image : MTV )
Scotty was drafted in to replace Stephen Bear on the controversial MTV show- where pairs of friends design a tattoo for one another - after the latter split with co-host Charlotte Crosby .
Bear and Charlotte started dating after they fell for each other while filming the show .
The pair endured a rollercoaster relationship , before splitting for good in October last year amid accusations of cheating .
Scotty announced the news he 'll be replacing Bear via Twitter on Tuesday .
The brand-new series of Just Tattoo of Us will premiere Monday 21 May at 10pm on MTV .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. -- The way the New York Giants ' season ended last season still haunts Odell Beckham Jr .
Beckham had four catches on 11 targets and multiple drops -- including a potential early touchdown -- in a 38-13 playoff loss to the Green Bay Packers in January . The taste of that loss still lingers , so much so that Beckham is using that game and his desire to add a banner to the rafters of the Giants practice facility as fuel for this season .
`` You have no idea , '' Beckham said on Monday . `` I really thought about it . ... Even growing up , the Giants , a historical team . The Packers , a historical team . Lambeau Field . Ice cold . Perfect conditions . Everything that you can dream of .
`` [ I ] was n't able to capture the moment and did it in a horrible way , in a way I woke up out of my sleep to . Did n't think it was real . But I used that pain . I used that pain and I turned it into positive energy . ''
`` [ I ] was n't able to capture the moment and did it in a horrible way , in a way I woke up out of my sleep to . Did n't think it was real . But I used that pain . I used that pain and I turned it into positive energy . '' Odell Beckham Jr .
That contest capped a controversial week for Beckham and the Giants . He was among a group that flew to Miami and partied on a boat six days before the game . Beckham performed poorly -- punter and close friend Brad Wing has said they both think it was the worst games of their football careers -- and punched a hole in the wall following the loss .
Beckham insists he has turned it all into a positive . He 's feeling better and more ready than ever to play football and handle the pressure that comes with it this season .
`` I 'm just in a different place , '' he said . `` I do n't even know how to explain it . I do n't even feel like I 'm here some times . My mind is just out of there . ''
Beckham said earlier in training camp he had no regrets . He never does . He just uses the experiences as teaching moments .
Odell Beckham Jr. says he 's using the pain of the Giants ' 38-13 playoff loss to the Packers last January as fuel for this season . Jeff Hanisch/USA TODAY Sports
`` Life . Life , '' Beckham said of why he feels more prepared than ever . `` You get older . You grow . Things happen . Incidents . And things changing .
`` I think it 's just growth , which is a good thing . If we all can grow , the moment you stop growing , you 're not getting better . ''
Beckham , 24 , has made the Pro Bowl each of the past three years . He 's the only wide receiver in history to top 90 catches , 1,300 yards and catch 10 or more touchdowns in each of his first three professional seasons .
Those numbers could dip this season with the signing of wide receiver Brandon Marshall , the drafting of tight end Evan Engram and slot receiver Sterling Shepard entering his second season . There are only so many balls to go around .
But Beckham insists he would sacrifice his personal statistics in exchange for something more meaningful .
`` See that banner . That is all I care about , '' he said , pointing to the rafter of the Giants training facility which contains banners honoring the organization 's four Super Bowl winning teams . `` Honestly , there is one , two , three , four in here . I do n't know where they put the fifth one but they 're going to have to make room because we 're going to need it . ''
( Reuters ) - Leicester City boss Claude Puel said forward Riyad Mahrez would not be in the squad for Saturday 's Premier League clash against Swansea City , but that he would be welcomed back if he can “ clear his head ” after the Algerian missed another training session following his collapsed transfer to Manchester City .
According to reports in British media , Leicester were unable to agree terms with City over a deadline day sale of the 26-year-old on Wednesday after he had submitted a transfer request .
Mahrez has since been absent from training sessions but Puel believes the player has a future at the King Power Stadium and remains a crucial part of the squad .
“ Riyad is not available for this game . All I can say about the situation is that this is the best decision for Leicester , in the best interests of Leicester . It is also the best decision for Riyad , ” Puel told a news conference on Friday .
” The position with Riyad , we will assess after the transfer window . It is a tough decision for us to manage now .
“ It is important now to move on and to keep our focus on the pitch . I hope Riyad can clear his head and come back with us as he is a valuable player for us and crucial in our play . We will deal with his side and the club , not in public . ”
Mahrez , an instrumental figure in the club 's remarkable Premier League title triumph in 2016 , has scored nine goals and made seven assists in all competitions this season .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Investigators say the probe into the Salisbury spy poisoning is one of the 'largest and most complex ' ever carried out by British counterterrorism cops .
Around 400 witnesses have so far given statements , and officers are trawling through 4,000 hours of CCTV in the search for vital clues .
Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia remain in a critical condition after they were poisoned with a nerve agent in the Wiltshire city two weeks ago .
The Metropolitan Police , which is leading the investigation , said 250 counterterrorism officers are working around the clock , supported by a `` full range '' of experts .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
A statement from the force said : `` This is one of the largest and most complex investigations undertaken by British counterterrorism policing and we thank the public for their continued support .
`` The investigation is highly like to take many months and , where it is operationally possible , updates will be issued to the media . ''
Around 800 exhibits have been seized , and police will interview more possible witnesses in the coming days .
The statement continued : `` Searches are ongoing in the Salisbury area and at this stage it is not possible to put a timescale on how long these may take to conclude .
( Image : Chris J Ratcliffe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` Specialist search officers wearing protective equipment continue to carry out a meticulous , systematic search for evidence to support the investigation .
`` That search is being carried out based on expert scientific advice to assist detectives in understanding the specific locations that are of most relevance to their lines of enquiry . ''
The probe was described as `` an extremely challenging investigation '' with officers faced with a number of `` unique and difficult '' issues .
It comes as a top aide to Vladimir Putin today thanked Britain for `` helping '' him win a landslide victory as President .
Andrei Kondrashov boasted the diplomatic war over a nerve agent attack had raised the pressure `` exactly when we needed '' it ahead of yesterday 's Russian elections .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Internet Unknown )
( Image : AFP )
The campaign spokesman hit out as Putin won a six-year term that is set to make him the longest-serving Kremlin leader since Soviet dictator Josef Stalin .
Britain 's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has accused Russia of a `` haystack of lies '' over the attack .
And the EU issued a hard-hitting statement this morning giving `` unqualified solidarity '' with the UK against the `` reckless and illegal act '' .
But Mr Kondrashov told Ruptly , owned by state-funded Russian broadcaster RT : `` We were preparing for a little more than 50 % , hoping for 60 % [ turnout ] .
`` Now the number of people who voted is higher than we expected , around 8-10 % higher .
`` I can tell you that we have to thank Great Britain for this .
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` They have miscalculated Russian mentality , again .
`` They have started to put pressure on us exactly when we needed to increase mobilisation .
`` This is because each time when Russia is blamed with no proof and they scare us with sanctions , all the Russian people do is to unite around the centre of power .
`` The center of power is , of course , Putin . So thank you , Great Britain , for raising the percentage of voters so unexpectedly high . ''
CLAIM
A photograph shows President Trump with `` Millennial Matt , '' an alt-right figure involved in the white nationalist march in Charlottesville .
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
As images of the12 August 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , started to circulate on social media , Twitter detectives went to work attempting to identify those involved . A white supremacist known as @ Millenial_Matt on Twitter was one of the first to be accused of attending the march :
As this image circulated on Twitter , some people ( including Telegraph journalist Raf Sanchez ) noticed that @ Millenial_Matt 's profile picture showed him apparently posing with President Trump . @ Millenial_Matt 's Twitter account was suspended in the wake of the white supremacist rally that left one woman dead , but an archived version of his page documented the profile pic :
The image of @ Millenial_Matt with Trump , however , was digitally manipulated to show the two men together . The original image was taken in July 2016 and showed Miles Chilson , a Bernie Sanders supporter , at a Trump rally :
Chilson , of Florence , chose to attend a Trump event after meeting Sanders during a January rally at University of Massachusetts Amherst . “ Being a liberal pretty much my entire life , I did n't think it was fair to decide that I wanted one candidate without seeing the other side , ” he said . Half for self-education , half as a practical joke , Chilson arrived at Trump 's Jan. 5 rally in Claremont , N.H. , doused in the Republican nominee 's cologne . “ It was basically going to be comedy for me , ” he said . Chilson said Wednesday that regardless of his views , he went in with an open mind . After passing through security , Chilson was given Trump signs to hold by campaign staff and wound up in a spot close to the stage . “ He went through all of his speech and said stuff that appalled me , but I stayed quiet , ” Chilson said of Trump . He said the rhetoric included allegations of China building warships and negative remarks about Muslims from crowd members .
Here 's a comparison of the two images :
@ Millenial_Matt took to Twitter to clarify that the image had been doctored , saying , “ People think the pic of Trump and I is real . It is a Photoshop hah. ” Journalist Raf Sanchez deleted and corrected his original tweet .
Fighting back tears , Olympia Lynn Trypis stood in the rotunda of city hall and begged for better services for drug users , to save her life and the lives of her friends . “ In the last two years I 've lost three of my really close friends and I am tired of having to go to funerals and not celebrating more birthdays . These people were beautiful souls , ” said Trypis , 22 , speaking to a crowd who had marched to City Hall , in memory of people lost to drug overdoses , or contaminated drugs . The friends , all in their early 20s included advocate Brooklyn Rae McNeil , who died of an overdose last year . “ Unfortunately , I ca n't bring back my friends , but I can try and save the ones that are still here , ” Trypis said Monday . Trypis had co-organized the rally , including a “ die-in ” where more than 70 people fell to the ground in the rotunda and called out the names of the dead .
Article Continued Below
The group had walked silently from Moss Park , where the Toronto Overdose Prevention Society and the Toronto Harm Reduction Alliance have been operating an unsanctioned injection site since August .
Protesters walk down Queen St. E. to city hall on Monday to call on Mayor John Tory to acknowledge the overdose crisis and the importance of safe-injection sites like the one set up in Moss Park . Anne-Marie Jackson / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
They called on Mayor John Tory to publicly support additional low-barrier injection sites , like the one in the park , instruct police to stop attending overdose calls to reduce the fear of arrest , support the decriminalization of drugs and open the armouries as emergency shelter . Trypis is a peer-support worker within the youth shelter system and has addressed committees at city hall . During the protest , she spoke of using intravenous drugs , in part to manage painful back issues and mounting grief .
OSHAWA , Ont . — Ontario 's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa .
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday .
They say the vehicle ran into a tree , seriously injuring the driver .
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case .
WASHINGTON—The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year , which could cause long-term rates to rise.The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 per cent to 1.25 per cent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017 , which it predicts will prove temporary . It foresees one additional rate hike this year , unchanged from its previous forecast . It gave no hint of when that might occur.Read more : U.S. Federal Reserve hikes interest rate for second time in 3 monthsArticle Continued BelowToronto , New York markets see modest losses as U.S. Fed releases meeting minutesNorth American markets rally as U.S. Federal Reserve hikes interest ratesThe the latest Fed rate hike , announced in a statement after a policy meeting , comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly . Even so , many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms .
On Monday night 's premiere of “ The Bachelorette , ” Garrett Yrigoyen set himself as a frontrunner for Becca Kufrin ‘ s affections , receiving the first impression rose after a charming entrance in a family-friendly minivan .
While Yrigoyen was winning over Kufrin onscreen , the Huffington Post reported that the suitor has a history of liking posts on Instagram that mock Parkland high school students , liberal women , trans people , and undocumented immigrants . He has since deleted the account , which was made private on May 24 , but not before former “ Bachelor ” contestant Ashley Spivey posted screenshots of his social media activity to Twitter .
The screenshots show that Yrigoyen has liked numerous memes and posts from conservative political pundits , including Tomi Lahren , which include comments about the appearances of women , throwing immigrant children over border walls , and suggestions that Parkland student David Hogg is a crisis actor .
This is not the first time that “ The Bachelorette ” has dealt with social media issues stemming from one of its contestants . Lee Garrett , a suitor on Rachel Lindsay 's season , was found to have a history of racist and sexist tweets . In that instance , Garrett 's comments were addressed publicly on the show , and it is unclear if Yrigoyen 's will also be brought up during the season .
Related TV Ratings : 'Bachelorette ' Season 14 at Premiere Low , Stanley Cup Finals Opener Steady 'The Bachelorette ' : ABC Exec Dishes on Becca 's Season , Arie and Lauren 's Wedding , 'Bachelor in Paradise '
“ Bachelor ” contestants are famously not allowed to check their phones or be on social media while on the show , so it is likely Kufrin did not know about Yrigoyen 's activity . Kufrin has been a vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton and women 's movements , including the Women 's March .
ABC did not respond to Variety ‘ s request for comment . Meanwhile , the network canceled “ Roseanne ” on Tuesday morning hours after uproar following star Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett , one of Barack Obama 's senior advisers .
PLANS are under way for the 10th Newbury Bayer 10k race in May and any runners who will have competed in all 10 races will receive a special memento at the finishing line .
Last year more than 950 runners took part , raising £13,800 for local charities – and this year organisers are hoping to take the total raised since the start of the inaugural event to more than £100,000 .
As well as the 10k run , there will be junior races of 900 metres and 1,500 metres , which will take place prior to the main event .
Once again a team of Newbury firefighters will be among those taking part . Wearing full kit , they will make their way around the course carrying a nine-metre rescue ladder .
They competed the race two years ago , finishing in one hour and 33 minutes .
Race director Becky Elsmere , of Newbury Athletics Club , said : “ With the 10th anniversary celebrations in mind , we asked entrants to let us know if they had competed in all nine races so far and were intending to take part in their 10th .
“ At the moment , a highly-select band of four people have confirmed this impressive achievement , which we are really thrilled with .
“ We would like to hear if there are any more , so I ask them to please let us know when they enter as there will be a special presentation to them on the day . ”
The event takes place on May 28 and those wishing to take part should go to www.bayer.co.uk where there is a link to the entry form .
Photo : HT
The elderly man was pleasantly drunk at 10am . He was minding the shops , two of seven , on the main road . Most people who were not out of the village earning their livelihoods , including some of the shopkeepers , seemed to have gone to the government primary school where we were headed .
The path to the school wound down the mountainside . The valley had a sharp drop , common in that part of the Kumaon region . Around a bend , the school became visible in the distance . It looked like a movie-set piece , perched on a distended platform overhanging the valley , framed by the high mountains behind . Even from a distance , it seemed abuzz with movement and colour .
Over 100 children were at the playground , which comprised most of the rectangular platform that was a natural outcrop of the mountainside . Some were painting on old newspapers stuck to the wall of the building , while others ran about helter-skelter , playing some game . The three rooms of the school , on one edge of the playground , were filled with people from the village . They were visiting the Baal Shodh Mela ( Children 's Research Fair ) . The mela was a joint effort of the school at Syalidhar , which is where we were , and the government primary schools at Lama Singh and Raialkot , both about 2km from there .
The walls of the rooms were covered by posters with stories of two kinds—original ones written by the children , and local folk tales . The rooms were packed with visitors . The children were being called in repeatedly to explain their work . A few of them would squeeze in , but would soon sneak out , pulled by the activities outside , with no desire to talk about what they were done with . Many of the visitors ' reading abilities were limited , but they were as awestruck as those who could read well . It seemed impossible that those long interesting stories were written by their six- , seven- or eight-year-olds . Teachers from other schools also visited the mela through the day .
When the crowd of visitors thinned , Sudha Pande and Geeta Khatri , the two teachers , narrated the story of the mela . Teaching children reading and writing with expression and comprehension , and not as mechanical reproduction of letters , is one of their biggest challenges . A large proportion of their students live in homes with deep economic disadvantage . Far from having any books , many of the parents ca n't read and write . Everyone is out long hours , struggling to earn a living in the steep step-fields or as daily-wage earners in the towns . The children often take care of their siblings .
These challenges are faced by almost all our public ( government ) schoolteachers . The complexity and difficulty of these challenges are usually underestimated , which is part of the reason why teachers do n't get adequate systemic support . Instead , they are often saddled with simplistic techniques , including packaged early language curriculum , all woefully inadequate in developing reading and writing as integral to expressive language .
The exercises leading up to the mela started six weeks earlier , sparked by a workshop that the teachers had attended . The children were asked to get local folk tales from their families . On the first day , only one child had a story , from his grandmother , which he narrated to the whole school . The fun snowballed and , within some days , each child had a story . Soon , each had many , and they had to be divided into groups .
Each of the groups had children from classes I-V , with a few who could write . In the next stage , those who could write down the stories as they were narrated by each child . Then the stories were read aloud . There was a scramble for stories to be written and read before anyone else 's .
Next , each child used the written text of their own story to write it themselves with the help of those who could write well . The two teachers were deeply engaged with each group , supporting each child . This exercise went on for five weeks with variations , such as days being reserved for creating original stories . Over this period , the children became more and more independent with written language . The last week was spent preparing the exhibits .
The two teachers were as awestruck with their own experience as the visitors were with the exhibits . They had never seen such progress . Those who were beginners had made progress that used to take a year or more . Students already familiar with writing had gained fluency and become substantially more expressive . But their greatest sense of achievement was that all children had become keenly interested in reading and writing .
The two teachers attempted this pedagogical experiment with enormous effort . The mela in itself played a crucial role , energizing the teachers and students , engaging the community and teachers from other schools . But the real value was in the overall experiment , especially for the two teachers , who developed an effective approach for language teaching .
No official had asked them to do this . No official stopped them either . Their desire to get their students to learn better had fired this effort . This fire , or its early sparks , are there in a large proportion of our teachers . We need to fuel this fire . India 's educational challenges can only be addressed by such efforts of engaged and capable teachers in school . All efforts , at all levels , must be informed by this reality . Not by grandiose ideas cooked up sitting on perches of power of policy or academia .
Anurag Behar is the chief executive officer of Azim Premji Foundation and leads the sustainability initiatives for Wipro Ltd . He writes every fortnight on issues of ecology and education .
Comments are welcome at othersphere @ livemint.com . Read Anurag 's previous Mint columns at www.livemint.com/othersphere
AUSTIN , Texas ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson raised the prospect on Thursday that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro , but said he did not know whether that would happen .
In a speech at the University of Texas ahead of a five-nation Latin American tour , Tillerson insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “ regime change ” in Venezuela , but said it would be “ easiest ” if Maduro chose to leave power on his own .
Tillerson predicted there would be change of some kind in Venezuela and said the United States , which has had steadily worsening relations with the country 's Socialist government , wanted it to be a peaceful one .
Maduro , whose approval ratings are low amid a collapsing economy , runaway inflation and rising malnutrition in the oil-producing country , is seeking re-election in a vote that must be held by the end of April .
“ We have not advocated for regime change or removal of President Maduro . We have advocated that they return to the constitution , ” Tillerson said when asked during a question-and-answer session whether the removal of Maduro was necessary or the United States would play a role in it .
He then suggested the possibility , however , that internal forces might take action , although he offered no evidence the United States had intelligence backing the notion that the military might turn against Maduro .
“ In the history of Venezuela and in fact the history in other Latin American and South American countries , often times , it is the military that handles that , ” Tillerson said .
“ When things are so bad that the military leadership realizes that it just ca n't serve the citizens anymore , they will manage a peaceful transition , ” he said . But he added : “ Whether that will be the case here or not , I do not know . ”
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro throws the ball during a softball game with ministers and military high command members at Fuerte Tiuna military base , in Caracas , Venezuela January 28 , 2018 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS SEES RIGHT-WING CONSPIRACY
The United States and other Western governments accuse Maduro 's government of violating political and human rights in Venezuela and have imposed economic sanctions . Critics at home say Maduro , who succeeded Hugo Chavez in 2013 , has wrecked the economy and skewed the election system to perpetuate power for his Socialist Party .
Maduro 's government , which is allied with Cuba 's Communist leadership , says it is fighting a U.S.-led right-wing conspiracy determined to end socialism in Latin America , hobble Venezuela 's economy and steal its oil wealth .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson steps off his plane as he arrives at the presidential hangar in Mexico City , Mexico , February 1 , 2018 . REUTERS/Henry Romero
The Venezuelan government did not respond immediately to a request for comment .
“ Maduro should get back to his constitution and follow it , ” Tillerson said . “ And then , if he is not re-elected by the people , so be it . ”
“ Then , if the kitchen gets a little too hot for him , I am sure that he 's got some friends over in Cuba that could give him a nice hacienda on the beach and he could have a nice life over there . ”
Tillerson also took aim at the Cuban government , which he said “ disregards their people. ” U.S.-Cuba tensions have increased with President Donald Trump 's reversal last year of elements of predecessor Barack Obama 's rapprochement with America 's Cold War foe .
Tillerson said that Cuba “ has an opportunity , in their own transfer of power from decades of the Castro regime , to take a new direction . ”
It was a reference to plans for Raul Castro to hand over the presidency to a successor later this year , although he is set to retain the influential post of Communist Party chief .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A British businessman and Kremlin critic feared he was being kidnapped when Spanish police arrived at his hotel with an Interpol arrest warrant - and said Vladimir Putin will not rest until he 's dead .
Bill Browder told Mirror Online he believes the Russian president is abusing international law in a desperate attempt to kill him .
He found himself at the centre of an international storm this morning when he was taken into custody , amid fears he could be extradited to Russia - where he believes he would be murdered .
The hedge fund manager has successfully lobbied for tough sanctions against Russia following the death of his lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky , in a Russian prison in 2009 .
Mr Magnitsky exposed a £174 million corruption ring involving senior officials - allegedly including Putin himself - and was reportedly tortured before he died .
Since his death , Mr Browder has lobbied countries across the world to bring in sanctions against those involved - and defiantly said Putin 's strong-arm tactics will not intimidate him .
( Image : Billbrowder/Twitter )
Mr Browder said Putin is desperate to silence him - and the Russian leader has in the past even gone as far as accusing him of being a 'serial killer ' .
The businessman , 54 , one of the Kremlin 's most high-profile public enemies , was released this morning , less than two hours after his arrest .
After returning to London he told Mirror Online : `` It is clear that Russia is abusing Interpol and using all their tools to get me back to Russia to kill me . ''
He had been due to meet a Spanish prosecutor to discuss Russian corruption when the manager at the hotel he was staying in and two cops appeared at his door .
The businessman recounted : `` I was n't 100 % sure they were police officers , they did n't show me any ID , and when I said can I call my lawyer they said no .
`` I thought I was being kidnapped . ''
After quickly gathering his belongings , Mr Browder was put in the back of a police car , fearing for his life .
Convinced he was in danger , he tweeted a picture from the back of the car , alongside the words : `` In the back of the Spanish police car going to the station on the Russian arrest warrant .
`` They wo n't tell me which station . ''
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The officers , who spoke little English , initially tried to stop outside a building which was n't a police station , he said , telling him it was procedure to see a doctor first .
`` We had a standoff and they eventually took me to a police station , '' he stated . `` It was only when I got there that I realised it was n't a kidnapping , I was relieved . ''
He added : `` I thought I 'd been very careful about avoiding these situations , but they 'd finally got me . ''
When he arrived at the Madrid police station , he was finally shown an Interpol warrant saying he was accused of fraud in Russia .
But , he said , he was allowed to leave after senior figures within Interpol confirmed to local police that the warrant was not valid .
( Image : AFP )
`` When it got to the higher levels of Interpol , I was allowed to leave , '' he said .
And he believes it is part of a concerted effort to intimidate him . `` Every time a Magnitsky Act gets passed , Russia puts me on the Interpol list , '' he stated .
Mr Browder received a phone call from British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in the aftermath , with Mr Johnson expressing his relief at his release .
The cabinet member later tweeted : `` Just spoken to Bill Browder – very glad that he has now been released . Moscow should concentrate on bringing those responsible for the murder of Magnitsky to justice . ''
Mr Browder has been sentenced to 18 years in prison in his absence on fraud charges by a Russian court - charges which he dismisses as ludicrous .
He said : `` I assume it 's the same allegation , but it could be new allegations , there 's no shortage of creativity in the Russian police .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
`` They want to get me into a Russian prison . Killing me in the west would create a huge backlash , but they could do it quietly in a Russian prison and have plausible deniability . ''
Mr Browder said : `` Putin is very angry with me , he does n't like people who find ways of creating consequences for him . ''
Mr Magnitsky was allegedly tortured in prison after reportedly being convicted on false charges .
In 2012 US President Barack Obama signed the Magnitsky Act , a law to punish Russian human rights violators , into law after lobbying by Mr Browder .
And two years later the European Parliament voted in favour of sanctions against 30 Russians alleged to be involved in the Magnitsky case .
There are now seven countries with Magnitsky laws in place , including the UK , with sanctions on Russian oligarchs given royal assent last week .
And Mr Browder alleged that Putin is personally affected each time a Magnitsky Act is passed .
`` He is an an extremely rich man , he has a fortune of around $ 200 million which he keeps in the west , '' he said .
`` Each time an act is passed , it puts his own fortune at risk .
`` He personally sent an emissary to Trump Tower ( calling for the act to be repealed ) , this shows how he feels about it .
`` We know he was a recipient in the crime which Sergei was killed over . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Despite fears for his own safety , Mr Browder remains defiant , stating : `` I 'm single-mindedly dedicating my life to getting justice for Sergei , I 'm not going to let them get away with it . ''
`` It wo n't affect me in any way , I 'm carrying on . ''
He is due to address the Danish parliament next week , and is confident that Magnitsky Act laws can be passed in seven more countries .
`` I think talking about this so publicly is my biggest security , '' he said .
`` People who are unknown and enemies of the Putin regime are dying in great numbers . ''
He said the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia with a deadly nerve agent in Salisbury earlier this year highlighted the dangers Putin 's enemies face .
Mr Browder said : `` My security has been at a high level for a very long time . ''
Last year Russia 's investigative committee alleged that Mr Browder was behind the deaths of three men in connection with the fraud case .
The dead men have been named as Octai Gasanov , 63 , Valery Kurochkin , 55 , and Sergei Korobeinikov , 67 , and they died in 2007 and 2008 .
Roger Federer beats Lukas Lacko in straight sets to move on to the third round . ( 0:41 )
LONDON -- Roger Federer won 35 straight points on his own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon Wednesday .
Federer did n't drop a point on his serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third , when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line .
In total , the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on his serve and broke Lacko five times , including with a forehand winner to close out the match .
In other matches , Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 3 ) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey .
After hitting just four winners in the opening set , the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in his career .
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey .
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year .
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach his first Grand Slam semifinal , where he was defeated by Marin Cilic .
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men 's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4 , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 8 ) , 3-6 , 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak .
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set , but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time .
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of his career .
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic , who hit 34 aces in his 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) victory over John Millman .
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year , having lost to eventual champion Federer in last year 's quarterfinals .
For immediate release :
Washington , D.C. – December 6 , 2017 – The Board of Directors and the Strategic Council of the American Institute of Architects ( AIA ) voted today to award the 2018 AIA Gold Medal to James Stewart Polshek , FAIA . The Gold Medal honors an individual or pair of architects whose significant body of work has had a lasting influence on the theory and practice of architecture . Polshek will be honored at the AIA Conference on Architecture 2018 in New York City .
Born in Akron , Ohio , Polshek earned a Master of Architecture degree from Yale in 1955 . The office that Polshek began in 1963 as , James Stewart Polshek Architect evolved through multiple iterations . Following his retirement in 2005 , the firm transitioned in 2010 to Ennead Architects . Polshek has fostered an environment wherein design excellence , effective collaboration and rigorous research work in concert to create enduring architecture . His unparalleled vision and leadership has earned the firm countless accolades , including more than 200 design awards , the 1992 AIA Architecture Firm Award , and 15 National Honor Awards for Architecture .
Concurrent to leading one of the nation 's most recognized firms , Polshek served as dean of Columbia University 's Graduate School of Architecture , Planning and Preservation from 1972 to 1987 . At the time , Columbia played a central role in the debate over style and meaning during a period in which architecture was being fundamentally questioned . His collaborative spirit led to a complete revision of the school 's curriculum and direction that , in turn , reversed its decline and attracted world-class faculty . Polshek 's 1987 restoration and renovation of New York 's Carnegie Hall began with a master plan that helped establish his enduring approach to revitalization . A complete restoration of the hall 's original details as well as the implementation of new ones —lighting , graphics , and a new marquee — were coupled with a heavy dose of advocacy for landmark buildings threatened by market forces .
In Washington , D.C. , the 645,000-square-foot Newseum/Freedom Forum Headquarters , completed in 2008 , is a monument to journalism and free speech . The architectural expression of the institution 's mission manifests in a symbol of openness : a 4,500-square-foot clear glass “ window ” woven into the fabric of the city 's Penn Quarter . Polshek 's National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia , just a block from Independence Hall , references the immigrant experience in America through two interlocking volumes of opaqueness and transparency . The museum 's high-profile historical context bolsters its efforts to inspire people of all backgrounds .
Polshek 's sensitivity as an architect and his willingness to give credit to others — whether they be his clients , partners , staff or collaborators — have helped restore the promise that architecture can be an uplifting force in the world . Everywhere that he has worked , and throughout his eloquent writings , he has raised the level of discussion while pursuing an unambiguous goal of architecture as a healing art .
Polshek is the 74th recipient of the Gold Medal . He joins the ranks of such visionaries as Frank Lloyd Wright ( 1949 ) , Louis Sullivan ( 1944 ) , Le Corbusier ( 1961 ) , Louis I. Kahn ( 1971 ) , I.M . Pei ( 1979 ) , Thom Mayne ( 2013 ) , Julia Morgan ( 2014 ) , Moshe Safdie ( 2015 ) , Denise Scott Brown & Robert Venturi ( 2016 ) , and Paul Revere Williams ( 2017 ) . In recognition of his legacy to architecture , Polshek 's name will be chiseled into the granite Wall of Honor in the lobby of the AIA headquarters in Washington , D.C .
About The American Institute of Architects
Founded in 1857 , The American Institute of Architects consistently works to create more valuable , healthy , secure , and sustainable buildings , neighborhoods , and communities . Through nearly 300 state and local chapters , AIA advocates for public policies that promote economic vitality and public wellbeing . Members adhere to a code of ethics and conduct to ensure the highest professional standards . AIA provides members with tools and resources to assist them in their careers and business as well as engaging civic and government leaders and the public to find solutions to pressing issues facing our communities , institutions , nation and world .
Shonda Rhimes is coming to Netflix .
The writer/producer whose television empire spans from West Coast hospitals to a scandal-wracked West Wing is joining the Netflix stable of exclusive content .
It 's a blow to Rhimes ' longtime distributors at ABC , whose parent company Disney announced earlier this week that they 'd be pulling their titles from Netflix 's streaming service .
The multi-year production deal with Netflix will see Rhimes ' Shondaland production company produce new series “ and other projects ” for the video streaming and dvd rental service .
The deal does n't affect Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder , which will continue to air in the U.S. on ABC .
“ Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television , ” said Ted Sarandos , Chief Content Officer , Netflix , in a statement . “ Her work is gripping , inventive , pulse-pounding , heart-stopping , taboo-breaking television at its best . I 've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she 's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films , she cares passionately about her work , and she delivers for her audience . We 're so excited to welcome her to Netflix . ”
Betsy Beers , Rhimes ' longtime partner , who has helped ABC make over $ 2 billion from the licensing and sales of Shondaland shows , will make the move to Netflix as well .
For her part , Rhimes said that the deal is the result of a “ shared plan ” between herself and Netflix 's Sarandos . “ Ted provides a clear , fearless space for creators at Netflix . He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous reach provided by Netflix 's singular sense of innovation . ”
While thanking ABC Studios president Patrick Moran and Channing Dungey , president of ABC Entertainment Group , the move to Netflix is the latest in a series of high profile acquisitions that have shaken up the entertainment landscape and a blow to ABC 's parent company .
Within the past week Netflix has managed to coax talk show legend David Letterman out of retirement , snatch up the ( somewhat middling ) comic publishing house Millarworld for new exclusive programming , and snagged Academy Award winning writer-directors Joel and Ethan Coen for a new Western series .
It 's the latest sign that the war for talent in Hollywood is well and truly on . Netflix has already spent around $ 6 billion this year on its original programming , and secured a $ 500 million line of credit earlier this year to buy even more . Meanwhile Amazon is throwing piles of its own ( not-insignificant ) cash horde at original programming as well .
The house that Bezos built has spent about $ 4.5 billion on new , original programming this year , which is hardly chump change .
Meanwhile ABC 's parent company , Disney , has been spending billions of its own to roll out a new streaming service in 2019 .
Last year Disney bought a minority stake in BAMTech for roughly $ 1 billion ( with an option to acquire the entire company ) . It 's the BAMTech service that will provide the foundation for Disney 's new streaming offering .
And the company is already pushing an on-demand subscription video service for Disney movies in the UK ( and briefly in China ) called DisneyLife .
As TechCrunch 's Sarah Perez previously reported :
DisneyLife was seen as a way for Disney to experiment with streaming , before a larger public launch . This not only includes being able to test out the underlying infrastructure for such an endeavour , but also what sort of content users respond to , what features they want , how parental controls should work , and so on . On DisneyLife , consumers pay a small monthly fee that lets families of up to six stream Disney movies , TV shows , even music , audiobooks and e-books online , on mobile devices , and to TVs through AirPlay and Chromecast . If anything , DisneyLife is very much like a Disney-flavored Netflix , and could be looked to as an example of what 's to come .
Terms of the deal with Netflix were n't disclosed , but the Wall Street Journal reported that Rhimes ' ABC production deal is worth more than $ 10 million per year to produce shows — and she has profit participation which means a percentage cut of all international deals and reruns .
By The Associated Press
SHENZHEN , China ( AP ) — Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska saved three match points before edging Duan Ying-ying of China 6-2 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 7-5 in the first round of the Shenzhen Open on Monday .
Radwanska , the defending champion , cruised through the first set without facing a break point , but struggled in the final two sets , dropping serve five times to the 103rd-ranked wild card entry .
The Pole relied on her strong defense to close out the match in just under 2 1/2 hours , chasing down a well-placed drop shot and hitting a forehand crosscourt winner to set up match point .
In other matches , second-seeded Simona Halep , the 2015 champion , defeated Jelena Jankovic 6-1 , 3-6 , 6-3 ; third-seeded Johanna Konta routed Cagla Buyukakcay 6-2 , 6-0 ; and Serbian qualifier Nina Stojanovic took out fifth-seeded Timea Babos 1-6 , 7-5 , 6-2 .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Beloved Lillian Pongetti , 87 , passed away peacefully ; surrounded by family , on Sunday , December 3 , 2017 .
Lillian was born in Shelby on September 27 , 1930 . She was raised on the family farm and received her tenacious spirit and extraordinary homemaking skills from her “ Mama ” and “ Nona. ” After graduating from Shelby High School , she was the first woman in the family to graduate from college . She attended MSCW , the “ W , ” where she achieved her degree in Medical Technology . She then worked at Charity Hospital in New Orleans as the Lab Supervisor . During her time there she met her first husband . He was in the military and they traveled around the world . They had three children , Peter , Tony and Ann . Lillian was an adventurer , exploring and making the most of every station change . She learned about the culture and the people in every place they were stationed . She collected ceramic tiles , furniture and artifacts from each place . She was very creative and that was demonstrated in her gardening , art , quilts and cooking .
After moving to Albuquerque , people would comment on her beautiful southern accent . She 'd say , “ if I ever lose it , I 'm going back to get it. ” Once they settled in Albuquerque , she made a strong group of friends in the quilting community , the Democratic Party of NM and she was a docent at the Indian Pueblo Cultural Center .
Lillian was preceded in death by her beloved daughter Ann Giancola ; parents Jetulio Victor Pongetti Sr. and Amelia Pongetti ; brothers Charles Pongetti , Anthony Pongetti and Robert Gene “ Bob ” Pongetti ; and sister Elizabeth Pringle .
Lillian is survived by her son Anthony ( Tony ) Giancola ; son Peter Giancola ; daughter-in-law Ellen Truitt ; brother Jetulio Victor Pongetti , Jr ( Rita ) ; brother Raymond Pongetti ( Mitzi ) ; brother Adam Pongetti ; sister Delores Pongetti ; sisters-in -aw , Vicki Bachechi and Dorothea Pongetti and nieces , nephews : Katie Cole ( Joy ) , Michael Pongetti , Chris Pongetti , John Pongetti , Gina Beauchamp ( Sandy ) , Paul Pongetti ( Sarah ) , Ben Pongetti ( Kendra ) , Tom Pongetti ( Summer ) , Greg Pongetti , Mary Beth Pongetti , Johnny Pringle ( Esther ) , Joey Pringle , Tommy Pringle , Jill Adcock ( Michael ) , Julie Pringle , Missy Wallace , Kit Pongetti ( Mark ) , and Robert Pongetti as well as many great nieces and great nephews .
Lillian was a second mother to many of her nieces and nephews . She is also survived by a host of wonderful friends from the many places she traveled and the quilting groups at the Taylor Ranch Community Center and the Los Volcanes Senior Center .
Lillian will be remembered for her great love of family and nature , gorgeous gardens , delicious cooking – especially homemade tortellini and cream puffs , her love of making things beautiful , her numerous beautifully hand sewn quilts , her strong political views , her frugality , her adventurous spirit , her desire for the equity and equality for all , and her sweet southern accent . She was greatly loved .
A private gathering will be held for family and friends on December 16 , 2017 . The family wishes to thank Hospice of New Mexico and Visiting Angels for their excellent care and support during this time . Should friends desire , contributions may be sent in Lillian 's name to one of Lillian 's favorite charities :
St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital : Please use the Memorial ID # 11136793 when calling ( 800 ) 805-5856 or using the link , https : //shop.stjude.org/GiftCatalog/donation.do ? cID=14262 & pID=24671 & sc_icid=header-btn-donate-now
Southern Poverty Law Center : https : //donate.splcenter.org/sslpage.aspx ? pid=1367
Indian Pueblo Cultural Center : Please call ( 505 ) 724-3550 and ask to make a donation to the Lillian G. Pongetti fund .
Hospice of New Mexico https : //hospice-of-new-mexico.secured.atpay.com/
National Women 's History Museum : Please email Nina Cavazos , This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
National Museum of African American History and Culture https : //support.si.edu/site/Donation2
A research organization that has released declassified Department of Defense footage in the past posted a new video on March 9 , which they said shows US Navy footage of an unidentified flying object off the east coast of the United States in 2015 . The video was released by To The Stars Academy of Art and Science , a research organization founded in October 2017 by Luis Elizondo to conduct research into “ exotic science and technologies. ” An analysis of the video , published by To The Stars , said that the unidentified object showed no obvious wings or tails . To The Stars also said that there was no exhaust plume from the object , which would be visible on conventional aircraft filmed in the manner seen in the video .
F1 : 20 Fascinating Facts About Lewis Hamilton
GAURI CHANDRA FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 39 // 04 Jul 2018 , 18:15 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
F1 Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi
The four-time World Champion , the King of the sport in the last decade , the Legend Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton marked the inception of his amazing F1 journey in the year 2007 with McLaren which was a record-breaking rookie year for him . In the year 2008 , he became the youngest world champion with Mclaren , one of the best finales in F1 history at Interlagos , Brazil when Massa took the win and stayed world champion for just 40 seconds , Hamilton passed the flag and stunned his fellow drivers and fans worldwide . After a 5 year partnership with McLaren , he switched to Mercedes in the year 2013 where he bagged his second World Title in the year 2014 . In the next season , he continued dominating the sport with Mercedes and clinched his '3rd World Title and the 2nd one in a row . ' Season 2016 was nevertheless great for him as he just finished behind the World Champion , his teammate and rival Nico Rosberg . Last season , 2017 came as total bang for him as the Briton successfully bagged his 4th World Title and chasing his fifth title this year and currently just one point behind the championship leader Vettel .
He is considered to be one of the most marketable and fashionable driver in the history of Formula 1 sports and has been ruling the game ever since . He holds the record for 'all-time most career points ( 2755 ) , Maximum victories at different circuits ( 26 ) , All time- most pole positions ( 75 ) and max Grand Slams in a season ( 3 ) . ' He is therefore celebrated as one of the best driver of the decade and one amongst the greatest in the history of Formula One .
Lewis Hamilton in his karting days
Let 's take a look at some of the lesser-known facts about Lewis Hamilton 's Life
Hamilton 's mother is White British while the father is a Black British from immigrants of Grenada , hence he belongs to Mixed Race . He took Karate classes at the age of just 5 to defend himself from bullying , he faced in the school . His father got him a radio-controlled car in the year 1991 that inspired him towards racing . It was written in the destiny of the Champion to be a race car driver as he came 2nd in National Remote-Controlled Car Race `` BRCA '' in 1991 . He is the youngest driver ever to get a contract from F1 team , just at the age of 13 , McLaren 's Driver Development Support Programme in the year 1998 . In 2007 he sold his kart for £ 42,100 and the humble heart gave out all the earning to Tommy 's the baby charity . He became the Youngest World Champion in 2008 during his era , Vettel currently holds the record for the youngest world champion in F1 history . In 2008 , he became highest paid British Sportsman . He is labeled as `` First Black Driver in F1 '' although Willy T. Ribbs tested an F1 car in 1986 . Raised a Roman Catholic , he believes himself to be a devoted Christian and therefore wears a cross during all his races . His father was his personal manager for the year 2008-10 . On the occasion of New Year in 2009 , Hamilton was awarded an MBE ( order of British Empire ) by the Queen . In the very same year , his wax statue was unveiled at Madame Tussauds in his dashing race suit . In the year 2012 , he featured in Cartoon Tooned along with Jenson Button and Comedian Alexander Armstrong . In the year 2014 , he received `` BBC Sports Personality of The Year . '' He changed his Helmet livery from Yellow To White with Red stripes which he carried since his carting days . It is believed that Hamilton 's father painted his helmet yellow just to recognize him . One wo n't imagine it to be true but his greatest fear lies in being eaten alive by Great White Shark . Hamilton is the only driver to win at least one race in every season he has competed in . He has 53 Grand Prix victories which is the 2nd highest of all time behind Schumacher . ( 91 wins ) Hamilton once stated , if had he not been the car racer , he would have been a footballer . His favorite club is Arsenal FC . His all-time favorite car is his Shelby Cobra .
Have a look at the Shelby Cobra and other Lewis Hamilton 's cars owned in personal life
Four North Carolina lawmakers proposed legislation this week that would force the University of North Carolina and North Carolina State to pull out of the Atlantic Coast Conference if the league mounts another boycott of championships in the state , a move that could cost the school millions in lost revenue .
House Bill 728 , which was introduced Monday and referred to the house 's rules committee on Tuesday , appears to be in response to the ACC pulling eight championship events in response to North Carolina 's since-amended “ bathroom bill , ” which limited use of public restrooms and changing rooms based on biological sex . The controversial House Bill 2 was replaced last month with one that strikes the language about who could use which public restroom .
House Bill 728 does not mention the bathroom bill boycott specifically . It calls on the two public schools in the league to “ immediately ” notify the conference it “ intends to withdraw ” if another boycott is launched and the school would be barred from re-joining the ACC for five years after the boycott ends . The bill does not impact Duke and Wake Forest , both private schools from the state in the ACC .
The ACC announced on March 31 that its Council of Presidents had voted in favor of allowing North Carolina to host future ACC championships after the passing of the new law . The NCAA has announced last week that it will “ reluctantly ” allow the state to host championship events amid criticism from LGBT and human rights groups who felt the new law — which —prevents local governments from enacting anti-discrimination legislation for private and public access until December 2020 — did not amount to a full repeal of HB2 .
“ Carolina is proud to be a member of the ACC and our affiliation has benefited both the University and the state , ” University of North Carolina spokesperson Joanne Peters told USA TODAY Sports . “ We are pleased that earlier this month the ACC restored North Carolina 's ability to host tournaments and championships . We will monitor the legislation should it move forward to determine its potential impacts . ”
The bill sponsored by Bert Jones , Mark Brody , Chris Millis , Justin P. Burr and George G. Cleveland has one major issue : it calls on North Carolina and N.C. State to “ segregate all revenue received as a result of that membership ” in the ACC until the escrow account equals “ at least the amount of any penalty imposed . ”
Leaving the ACC would prove costly on two fronts . First , it 'd cost the schools a withdrawal payment of three times the total operating budget for the ACC . ( The ACC 's annual budget is about $ 30 million , so that equates to around $ 90 million . ) A change made after a legal dispute that developed after Maryland left for the Big Ten also now requires any university that leaves the ACC to forfeit all media rights through at least 2027 .
Jones , Brody , Millis , and Burr did not return messages left by USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday . A staffer for Cleveland said he was unavailable for comment .
The ACC did not immediately provide a comment on the bill .
The proposed legislation would also impact 15 other schools in the University of North Carolina system . Those schools are : Appalachian State , East Carolina , Elizabeth State , Fayetteville State , North Carolina A & T , North Carolina Central , UNC-Asheville , Charlotte , UNC-Greensboro , UNC-Pembroke , UNC-Wilmington , North Carolina School of the Arts , Western Carolina , Winston-Salem State and North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics .
One of our favorite contributors , Star Novak , sent in this photo , explaining : “ In September 2016 , this 1946 Fairchild participated in the spot landing contest at the first Amelia Earhart Airport Fly-In at K59 in Atchinson , Kansas . ”
Luton skipper Alan Sheehan revealed he had been counting down the days until he could return after his recent three game suspension .
The centre half had been banned for an off-the-ball incident with Lincoln striker Matt Rhead on January 1 , and missed matches against Newcastle , Chesterfield and Morecambe .
I 'm happy to come back in , it 's been , 27 days , I 've been counting it down . Alan Sheehan
He was back in the starting line-up at Grimsby on Saturday as Luton , reduced to 10 men after half an hour , battled to a 1-0 win .
Sheehan then played in the 3-2 defeat to Wycombe in midweek , but after the victory over the Mariners , said : “ It was straight out of the grill and straight into the oven , it 's mad is n't it ?
“ It 's hard , but that 's the way it is , no game is going to be easy whether we 've got 11 or 10 men .
“ I 'm happy to come back in , it 's been , 27 days , I 've been counting it down .
“ Come back , clean sheet and a win , thank god , so hopefully that 's swept under the carpet now . ”
Sheehan certainly had to do his fair share of defending at Blundell Park , but knew just what a crucial result it was for his side 's promotion ambitions .
He continued : “ We had to dig really deep and it 's what this team is capable of doing .
“ We battled out a brilliant 1-0 win and I think we can call it that definitely at this time of the season , to dig out a win like that is brilliant .
“ It 's difficult with 11 men , even more difficult with 10 men , that happens , it 's football , those things get thrown at you .
“ You 've got to respond , you can stand up and be counted , that 's exactly what we did .
“ I felt quite comfortable , we were very strong defensively , and I thought we were in a good place .
“ Ten men obviously makes it hard , we dug in and I 'm delighted . ”
Despite Cook 's red card , Luton did n't close ranks and accept a point , as they still looked for a winner that came from James Collins .
Sheehan added : “ I suppose most teams when they go down to 10 men away from home they shut up shop but I do n't know if we have that really . We want to win every game and you ca n't win every game , but we want to win every game .
“ Going down to 10 men , we had a chat at half time , then nicked a goal , which was something to hold on to . ”
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - The man accused of plowing a rental van into pedestrians on a crowded Toronto sidewalk in Canada 's deadliest mass killing in decades was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder on Tuesday , as police probed what motivated his rampage .
Suspect Alek Minassian , 25 , was also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder for the incident that had the hallmarks of deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters , but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said there was no reason to suspect any national security connection .
Minassian kept his shaved head down during a brief court appearance in Canada 's largest city , speaking quietly with a defence lawyer and stated his name in a steady voice when asked to do so .
Canadian media cited one possible clue to his motive : a Facebook post by Miniassian shortly before the incident that referenced an “ incel rebellion , ” a shorthand used in some online message boards for “ involuntary celibacy. ” The Toronto Globe and Mail reported the post , citing a spokeswoman for the social media company .
The post also voiced admiration for a man who killed six college students before taking his own life in California in 2014 .
A Facebook spokeswoman and law enforcement officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Trudeau called on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto as flowers and scrawled messages in multiple languages piled up at a makeshift memorial in the city 's north end , an ethnically diverse neighbourhood of towering office buildings , shops , restaurants and homes .
“ We can not as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business , ” Trudeau told reporters outside of parliament in Ottawa .
The prime minister said the incident had not changed the country 's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June .
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall .
Minassian had briefly served in Canada 's armed forces in late 2017 but asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days of training , defence ministry spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said .
He had previously attended a high school program where one classmate remembered him as “ absolutely harmless . ”
A work crew in protective clothing cleans a sidewalk a day after a van struck multiple people along a major intersection in north Toronto , Ontario , Canada , April 24 , 2018 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
The suspect 's two-story red-brick home in a suburb north of Toronto was a crime scene Tuesday , taped off and surrounded by police vehicles . Officers went in and out of the house .
SOUTH KOREANS AMONG VICTIMS
Details about the dead began to emerge on Tuesday , with a South Korean foreign ministry representative saying that two of that country 's citizens were killed and one injured in the attack . The representative spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corp identified one of the victims as Anne Marie D'Amico , an employee of asset manager Invesco Canada . In a statement , Invesco confirmed that one of its employees had been killed but did not name her .
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto , a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million . The city recorded 61 murders last year .
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day , when the driver drove his vehicle into the crowds . The street was soon covered in blood , empty shoes and bodies .
Canada is still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team .
Slideshow ( 8 Images )
Last October , eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path . The Islamic State militant group encourages its supporters to use vehicles for attacks .
David HarbourSeth Rogen will play legendary anchor Walter Cronkite in the upcoming film “ Newsflash , ” centered on CBS ' coverage of the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
David Gordon Green is directing the drama from Ben Jacoby 's script . Former Warner Bros. production president Greg Silverman is producing through his Stampede Ventures , along with Adam Kolbrenner of Madhouse Entertainment .
Cronkite , who began working as a radio announcer in 1935 , had been named the anchor of CBS ' nightly newscast in 1962 . The pic will also feature include Cronkite , newsman Dan Rather , producer Don Hewitt , and CBS network president James Aubrey .
The network broke into its broadcast of “ As the World Turns ” for Cronkite to announce that Kennedy had been shot in Dallas . CBS returned to the soap opera , then interrupted it again with Cronkite 's announcement of Kennedy 's death : “ From Dallas , Texas , the flash , apparently official : President Kennedy died at 1 p.m. Central Standard Time . 2 o'clock Eastern Standard Time , some 38 minutes ago . ”
Cronkite , 46 at the time , was referred to as “ the most trusted man in America. ” He retired in 1981 and died in 2009 .
Rogen stars in James Franco 's “ The Disaster Artist. ” His dramatic roles include “ 50/50 ” and “ Steve Jobs , ” portraying Steve Wozniak .
Green 's credits include “ Pineapple Express , ” “ The Sitter , ” “ Manglehorn , ” “ Joe , ” and Jake Gyllenhaal 's “ Stronger. ” He 's attached to direct the reboot of “ Halloween ” starring Jamie Lee Curtis .
“ Newsflash ” is being co-represented by CAA and UTA . Rogen is repped by UTA . Jacoby is repped by Verve and Madhouse . Green is repped by CAA . The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood .
A number of cars have been found dumped in bushland surrounding the Coffs Coast .
A number of cars have been found dumped in bushland surrounding the Coffs Coast . Rachel Vercoe
DRIVING into the bush it 's not rare to see a burnt out car left behind for unknown reasons but have you ever come across a car graveyard ?
Located in Sherwood Nature Reserve in the bush west of Woolgoolga , more than 10 cars have been found piled on top of each other after being dumped off the edge of a cliff .
There are sedans , utes , 4x4 , a truck , tyres and a couch scattered at the base of the cliff , inaccessible by foot and hidden to most passing traffic .
Large rocks have been placed alongside the road in an attempt to stop the dumping .
Let us know your thoughts and why you think someone would dump the vehicles by emailing editorial @ coffscoastadvocate.com.au
If you come across an abandoned car whether it 's in the bush or the streets , information you will need is the exact location , vehicle make , model , colour and registration .
Depending on the location , report the vehicle to the Coffs Harbour City Council , National Parks and Wildlife Services or Forestry Corporation of NSW .
Passengers and crew aboard a Chicago-bound Amtrak train spent the night stopped in northern New Mexico hill country after the lead engine struck a boulder and partially derailed .
No serious injuries were reported but the two engineers in the lead engine were taken to a hospital for evaluation , Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said Friday from Chicago .
The incident occurred Thursday evening on Burlington Northern Santa Fe tracks in a rural area near Watrous ( WAH'-trohse ) about 105 miles ( 169 kilometers ) northeast of Albuquerque .
Magliari said the nine-car train carrying 132 passengers and 14 crew members resumed its journey from Los Angeles to Chicago Friday morning after the boulder was removed and the tracks repaired .
Advertisement
The train 's second engine and all the cars remained on the tracks and the train still had power , heating and toilet service while it remained at the derailment site , the Amtrak spokesman said .
The train left Los Angeles Wednesday night and was scheduled to arrive in Chicago Friday afternoon .
`` They will be significantly delayed in arriving in Chicago , '' Magliari said .
Passengers who missed connections to other trains would be provided housing at Amtrak 's expense he said .
Joe Sloan , a BNSF spokesman , said the boulder was reportedly 5 feet ( 1.5 meters ) in diameter and it apparently rolled down or dropped off a nearby ridge , possibly due to rain or other weather conditions .
After the train resumed its journey and reach Raton , New Mexico , BNSF provided a freight engine to help the train get over Raton Pass , the highest point on the 2,266-mile ( 3647-kilometer ) Southwest Chief route , Magliari said .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Chris Kelly
Nobody likes an absentee landlord . You know the type — expects the rent paid on time but uses distance to deflect complaints from angry tenants .
A dozen or so Americans turned out Tuesday at U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey 's Scranton office on Spruce Street , part of a statewide grass-roots movement called “ Tuesdays with Toomey. ” This is a misnomer , because the senator has never met with any of them .
Hundreds of constituents have rallied outside Toomey 's Philadelphia and Pittsburgh offices , demanding he answer questions immediately or at a town hall meeting . His choice . Evasion is not an acceptable option . Considering that he 's 55 and fresh from election to a second six-year term , it 's hard to guess what Toomey has to lose while interacting with common folk . Maybe he just does n't want to face the music he 's been dancing to .
Toomey provided an indelible profile in cowardice by refusing to take a public stand on the candidacy of Donald Trump , declining to own up to his support until just before the polls closed on election night . He also went underground during the public debate over the appointment of billionaire Republican donor Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education .
The beneficiary of nearly $ 60,000 in DeVos campaign cash , Toomey voted to entrust the future of public education to a proud know-nothing who does n't believe in public education but sees grizzly bears as an existential threat to classroom safety .
Because it was Valentine 's Day , the topic Tuesday was civil rights for the LGBTQ community , which is understandably uneasy with Republicans in total control of the government . Local participants included nuns , teachers and other professionals . They insisted they were not protesters , but citizens seeking accountability in government .
Sister Margaret Gannon , I.H.M. , said discriminatory laws dressed up as protections of religious freedom are anti-American and anti-Christian .
“ Protecting rights is something we all do every day , ” she said , as senatorial aides Frank Mazza and Lauren Lobell scribbled notes . Call them Toomey 's Scranton property managers . They are nice people who listen intently but have zero power to do much else .
“ Please pass along ( to Toomey ) that his employers would like to have a meeting , ” Sister Margaret said .
I 'm sure Frank and Lauren will deliver the message , but I doubt it will bring the desired response . In fact , Sen. Toomey has never held a town hall meeting in Scranton . Or Philadelphia , Pittsburgh or any other major population center .
The senator has appeared at 14 town hall meetings since 2011 , all in reliably red counties . Toomey has visited all 67 Pennsylvania counties at least twice over the past six years , spokesman Steve Kelly told me Tuesday . The senator has no town hall meetings on his schedule now , but Kelly said that does not mean he is unresponsive to the concerns of constituents .
Toomey has seven offices across the state , with 25 total employees , Kelly said . Staffers are “ doing their best ” to answer all calls and emails , and the senator has been unable to meet with “ Tuesdays with Toomey ” groups largely because they visit when he is in Washington , D.C. “ conducting official
business . ”
Also , constituents “ have every right to continue their protests . ”
Yes , they do , and I 'm sure they will — right up until Tuesday , Nov. 8 , 2022 . The absentee landlord may choose to stand for re-election , but should n't be surprised to get an eviction notice instead .
CHRIS KELLY , the Times-Tribune columnist , cordially invites Sen. Pat Toomey to visit Scranton and meet his employers . Contact the writer : kellys
world @ timesshamrock.com ,
@ cjkink on Twitter . Read his award-winning blog at blogs .
thetimes-tribune.com/kelly .
Yelp is releasing a new feature with the simple , self-explanatory name Questions and Answers .
Well , mostly self-explanatory . This is distinct from Talk , a feature where Yelp users can ask an incredibly broad range of questions ( as I write this , the New York page currently includes conversations about the travel time to the airport , when it 's legal to kick out a roommate and The Bachelorette ) .
Instead , these are questions and answers tied to a specific venue , a focus that could make this stand out from other Q & A products . For example , you could ask how long visitors normally stay at the Kennedy Space Center or if a bar allows dogs or about pricing at a tattoo parlor , then get answers from other users , or from the business owner themselves .
Users can upvote and downvote the answers based on how helpful they are , and they can also sign up for notifications whenever a specific question gets answered .
Product Manager Brian Boshes described this as “ great , Yelp-y content ” that can help people find the information that 's important to them ( which might be mentioned in some reviews , but could be tough to find ) . He also noted that this is a “ potentially limitless way ” for someone who 's a supporter or fan of a business to stay engaged with their Yelp page — they ca n't keep posting reviews , but they can keep answering questions .
Lastly , Boshes said this provides valuable data for Yelp about what users are looking for . If people keep asking about something ( say , the kid-friendliness of a restaurant ) , then it maybe it 's time for Yelp to add that as a piece of information in every profile .
Yelp ran a limited pilot of this feature late last year and is now rolling it out nationwide on iPhone , Android and desktop . You 'll see the Q & A section pop in above the review section of Yelp profiles .
Featured Image : Yelp
Two Canadians among 18 people killed in Burkina Faso extremist attack
UPDATE : 9:20 a.m .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso .
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country 's capital .
Freeland says “ the heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack . ”
She says Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to the families of the victims .
Local authorities say other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France , Senegal , Nigeria , Lebanon and Turkey .
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence , which continued into the early hours Monday .
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead .
Burkina Faso , a landlocked nation in West Africa , is one of the poorest countries in the world . It shares a northern border with Mali , which has long battled Islamic extremists .
More coming .
The Associated Press
—-
ORIGINAL :
Burkina Faso 's Foreign Ministry says one Canadian is among 18 killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in the country .
It says other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France , Senegal , Nigeria , Lebanon and Turkey .
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the West African country 's capital late Sunday .
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence , which continued into the early hours Monday .
Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began .
Global Affairs Canada said it was reaching out to Canadian citizens in the area and was ready to provide consular assistance as required .
“ Canada strongly condemns the attack , ” said spokeswoman Brittany Venhola-Fletcher . “ Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with those affected by the terror attacks in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso . ”
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead .
Burkina Faso , a landlocked nation in West Africa , is one of the poorest countries in the world . It shares a northern border with Mali , which has long battled Islamic extremists .
— with files from the Associated Press .
Emilie Haavi played seven matches for the Boston Breakers in 2017 | Photo : Craig Mitchelldyer- ISI Photos
The Boston Breakers announced today that they had waived Emilie Haavi . The 24-year-old Norway native appeared in seven matches for the Breakers , playing a total of 458 minutes .
`` Emilie has struggled to adjust to life in America and was homesick . As much as we wanted her to stay , we mutually agreed it was best for her to return home to Norway . She will be missed , and I would like to wish her well for the future , '' Matt Beard , Boston 's head coach , said in the Breakers ' official press release .
Prior to her signing last October , there was much hype and anticipation built around Haavi joining the Breakers and coming to the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) . The hope was for Haavi to boost the Breakers attack , especially after finishing 10th in the 2016 NWSL season .
The Breakers hoped signing Haavi would boost their attack | Photo : Mike Gridley - ISI Photos
Signing the Norwegian international , however , did not help the Breakers much . In April , before the start of the regular season , Haavi suffered a broken jaw in training , which sidelined her four to six weeks . After a positive start as the number two team in the NWSL standings in April , the 2017 Breakers have been a reflection of their 2016 form . Currently , they are 9th in the league .
Before joining the Breakers , Haavi played for the Norwegian club Lillestrøm SK Kvinner for four seasons , helping them win the Toppserien Championship and the Norwegian Cup in 2014 and 2015 . In 82 appearances with the club , Haavi scored 49 goals . From 2009-2012 , Haavi played for Røa where she tallied 39 goals in 51 games .
Recently , Haavi returned from international duty with the Norwegian national team that qualified for the UEFA Women 's Championship ( EURO 2017 ) . Norway , one of the favorites going into the tournament , was eliminated in the group stage . Haavi appeared in 2 matches , playing 39 minutes .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Wall Street 's main stock indexes suffered their worst week in two years as bond yields soared and renewed fears of inflation gripped investors .
But amid the selloff , corporate earnings forecasts keep improving .
Forecasts for earnings , one of the fundamental factors that drives stock prices , are rising fast as analysts factor in benefits from the U.S. tax overhaul .
Optimism over forecasts has caught the attention of anxious investors , who hope that strong earnings can support lofty stock valuations and offset the concerns over rising bond yields and the pace of Federal Reserve rate hikes . Rising interest rates in general mean higher borrowing costs for companies .
This week , fears of higher rates overwhelmed the upbeat profit picture as the benchmark S & P 500 stock index fell 3.9 percent and raised some concern about a deeper pullback .
“ This uptick in bond rates has everybody nervous obviously , ” said Gary Bradshaw , portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas , Texas .
“ But we step back and look , and so far earnings have been awful good . Even though you have seen rates move up some here , they are still very low , inflation is still low , ” he said .
With half of the S & P 500 index companies still to report fourth-quarter results and potentially give guidance on 2018 , profit estimates are likely to increase further .
Even after the selloff this week , the S & P 500 is up 3.3 percent for this year and that is on top of a 19.4-percent gain for 2017 . Whether this week 's downturn in global equity markets continues will depend in part on upcoming earnings reports .
Reports from both Apple and Google parent Alphabet late Thursday disappointed investors , as did Friday 's results from ExxonMobil and Chevron , but fourth-quarter S & P 500 company results overall have been much stronger than expected .
Among changes to the tax law , the corporate income tax rate drops to 21 percent from 35 percent , so earnings estimates for the first quarter and all of 2018 have jumped .
First-quarter profit growth for S & P 500 companies is now estimated at 17.7 percent , according to Thomson Reuters data , up from 11.7 percent on Dec. 20 , when both houses of Congress approved the tax revamp . Earnings growth for 2018 is now forecast at 18.2 percent , up from 11.5 percent on Dec. 20 .
Typically , expectations decline as the earnings reporting season for the quarter approaches . On average , profit growth expectations fall by four percentage points from the start of the quarter to the start of earnings season , said David Aurelio , senior research analyst at Thomson Reuters .
This January , revisions to S & P 500 2018 earnings estimates were 4.3 times more positive than negative , according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch . The one-month ratio of upward to downward revisions was the highest since at least 1986 , as far back as the bank 's data goes .
All of the S & P 500 companies together are expected to show earnings of about $ 155 per share this year in aggregate , up about $ 9 since Dec. 20 , Thomson Reuters ' estimates show .
The tax reform benefit is estimated to add more than that , however , a full $ 13 , which suggests there “ there is more room to run , ” BofA-ML strategists said in a note .
In addition to the tax law , U.S. companies ' earnings are benefiting from improving global economic growth and the weaker U.S. dollar , which helps U.S. multinationals exports sales , said Jill Carey Hall , equity and quant strategist at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch .
Those factors could help to underpin U.S. earnings even after the tax benefit is priced in .
“ Stocks may have been overbought , but some of that was alleviated this week , and global growth and profit growth are still intact , ” said Bucky Hellwig , senior vice president at BB & T Wealth Management in Birmingham , Alabama .
Among companies due to report next week are Walt Disney , General Motors , several biotech companies including Gilead and restaurants including Chipotle Mexican Grill .
New Delhi : The Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) on Monday confirmed that India will host the 2023 ODI World Cup as well as the Champions Trophy in 2021 during its Special General Meeting ( SGM ) in Delhi .
India had won the hosting rights of the global events in 2013 , but with the Indian board announcing a shortened but blockbuster Future Tours Programme ( FTP ) for the next cycle , covering the 2019-2023 period , the tournaments have also been covered .
India were awarded the tournaments during the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) Annual Conference in London in 2013 . India was represented by the then interim chief Jagmohan Dalmiya .
This will be the first time that India are holding the World Cup alone . India had previously co-hosted World Cups in 1987 , 1996 and 2011 .
India , however , had hosted the Champions Trophy alone in 2006 . The tournament faced an uncertain future and it 's likely to be scrapped after the 2021 edition , if ICC starts a new ODI league .
The 2019 World Cup will be held in England and Wales .
Today , the BCCI announced that India will host as many as 81 matches across formats , including high-profile series against England , South Africa and Australia .
President and CEO , David Helveston of ABC , Jhon Cuthbertson of BIC Alliance and Vice President , Andrew B. Lopez of Cajun Industries visit at the ABC Excellence in Construction Awards .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Sodastream International Ltd :
* SODASTREAM ACQUIRES FRENCH DISTRIBUTOR
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - ‍PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION , SUBJECT TO CUSTOMARY POST-CLOSING PRICE ADJUSTMENTS​
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION , SUBJECT TO CUSTOMARY POST-CLOSING PRICE ADJUSTMENTS .
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The calendar says Tuesday is the first day of spring but it wo n't look or feel much like it in Iowa .
Meteorologist Allan Curtis , at the National Weather Service , says much of the state 's western third will be seeing snowflakes fly as spring arrives . “ Fortunately , this thing coming through tonight into early tomorrow is pretty weak . We 're not talking about a lot of snow , one or two , might see three inches , ” Curtis says . “ Primarily , it 's going to be western Iowa and the heaviest amounts will be in the northwest corner , but most people are probably going to see an inch or less . ”
Spring will officially arrive at 11:15 A.M./Central time Tuesday but temperatures wo n't be very springlike for a while yet . “ Unfortunately , we 're going to be on the cool side this week , ” Curtis says . “ Tomorrow , Tuesday , will probably be the coolest day where we only top out in the mid-30s to low-40s across the state . We will warm up a little bit , 40s into the low to mid-50s , but we 're not really looking at widespread 50s or 60s at least through this week and the early portions of next week . ”
Kids who love winter weather who want to have one last snowball fight or cobble together a snowman will have to act quickly . “ Certainly , getting snowfall through March and even through good chunks of April , it 's not too unusual and the good thing is with any of these spring snowfalls , they usually do n't last too long , ” Curtis says . “ It 's the same with this one . When it falls , it 'll likely be gone within a couple of days. ” Some Iowans are already seeing green tulip and daffodil chutes emerge from the cold ground and that tender vegetation could get nipped .
“ It would be a good idea to cover them for the next couple of nights , especially if you 're seeing growth already , ” Curtis says . “ We 're going to see lows dip down in northern Iowa into the low to mid-20s , but much of central and southern Iowa will be in the upper 20s . Certainly , if you have things starting to bud , it would n't be a bad idea to cover them up. ” Stay updated on the changing forecast by logging on to weather.gov .
The Formula E is now getting a facelift in late 2018 in its Season 5 after proven to be more than just an experiment . The French company is now reportedly improving the aerodynamics , efficient use of the batter , and a reduction in weight to make cars faster .
The organizers of the electric car race series are now looking forward for the futuristic design and some of the ideas and concept images were released by the Spark Racing Technology . It was over the weekend when the company released the images of the planned design for the Season 5 of Formula E electric-car race .
The FIA also runs the World Endurance Championship , Formula One and Formula E and Spark Racing Technologies is the supplier of the next gen cars , especially for the anticipated Formula E race cars . Since the concept was created for the Formula E , Spark started to supply the current SRT_01e car , The Verge has reported .
Advertisement
The new of the Formula E will be called the SRT05e that will be sporting elegant design , some of the visual elements may change but the requirement that the Formula E SRT05e will complete an entire race on one charge wo n't change . The present Formula E cars does n't have the ranger to at least run an entire race so , it turns out that drivers need to swat cars during a pit stop .
According to Digital Trend , in order to help to have a longer range , the SRT05e will have a larger battery pack with the capacity of 54 kWH . With the future inclusion of the battery pack , SRT05e can endure long duration compared to current-gen cars of Formula E that have 28kWH .
The inclusion of the battery pack is now giving some problem to the Spark engineers as how they gon na deal with the additional 10 % weight increase in the Formula E car . But the image concept of the season 5 for Formula E is pretty radical as they say but it is just reportedly a ballpark of what the season 5 cars will be look like .
This Canada goose was found with a blow dart hanging in its neck at Kissing Camels Golf Course in Colorado Springs . It is one of many wildlife animals that have been targeted and harassed with darts . Colorado Parks and Wildlife Courtesy photo
Authorities are warning about a new scam involving people pretending to be from FedEx .
The warning was made by the Tuscola County Sheriff 's Office on Saturday , Aug. 12 .
In the post , the sheriff said he received a report from a Caro resident who said they had a laptop delivered to their home by FedEx , but they had no idea who ordered it .
“ The next day someone represents Fe Ex came to the door , and left a note saying it was a mistake and wanted the laptop back , ” the sheriff wrote on Facebook .
The homeowner was suspicious and called Best Buy where the laptop was bought . They found someone had accessed their information and ordered the laptop with the resident 's credit card and address .
The suspects then had the laptop sent to the resident 's home so they could pick it up , pretending to be FedEx .
“ Searching online it appears this scam has been happening in other areas , ” the sheriff said .
The sheriff 's office said if the same happens to you , to call 911 and report it immediately .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A university worker stabbed his boss 15 times and wrote “ bully ” across her forehead after becoming obsessed with her , a court heard .
David Browning allegedly left Jillian Howell covered in blood on the floor of her lounge after stabbing her in the chest , neck and abdomen , his trial was told .
The 52-year-old is standing trial accused of murdering the Samaritans volunteer , who was his superior in the University of Brighton payroll department .
Jurors heard he formed an “ intense attachment ” towards Miss Howell and became “ possessive , controlling and jealous ” .
After contacting police , Browning directed officers to Ms Howell 's home in Brighton on October 26 last year .
They found her body inside with the word bully “ scrawled ” across her forehead and graffiti scribbled across the walls , prosecutor Alan Gardner said .
The married father-of-two admits manslaughter by diminished responsibility and possession of a knife in a public place .
( Image : PA )
The court heard his actions were prompted by depression brought on by the death of his father a year earlier . He denies murder .
Mr Gardner told the court Browning had worked in the payroll department since 1989 and met Ms Howell when she joined as a manager in 2015 .
The pair became friends and started seeing each other socially outside of work from June last year , the court heard .
Ms Howell told friends she was trying to “ cheer up ” a colleague by inviting him around for dinner and hoped her experience working with the suicide support charity would help .
Mr Gardner said Browning grew increasingly fond of Ms Howell , buying her gifts and flowers .
In a string of text messages read to the court , Browning described her in one as “ stunning ” and in another said : “ I adore you personally and professionally ” .
She told a friend she had sought professional help for Browning after he demanded she “ must never leave the university or get a boyfriend as he needed her support ” , Mr Gardner said .
The court heard Browning , of Seaford , East Sussex , planned the killing for at least a month .
He applied for a shotgun licence and bought the weapon , allegedly telling shop staff he was taking up clay pigeon shooting .
Graffiti Browning allegedly wrote on the walls of her home even tried to implicate her close friend Sean McDonald - a former Worthing mayor - in the death but the court heard he was not involved .
Mr Gardner called it a “ carefully planned murder out of jealously and out of anger ” , because Browning feared she was about to reject him .
He added : “ He went to her house with the intention to kill her and also , he says , with the intention to kill himself . At some point during the course of that meeting he attacked her [ and ] stabbed her in the back .
“ He did n't want anyone else to know about his problems . He had grown attached to her . ”
The trial continues .
( Reuters Health ) - Although raw meat-based diets for pets have become increasingly popular , the meat may be contaminated with bacteria and parasites , a new study from the Netherlands shows .
In particular , E. coli , Listeria and Salmonella were found in commercial frozen raw-meat pet food from Dutch companies .
Raw meals include dried treats such as pig ears , home-prepared meals and commercially-prepared meals with meats , meaty bones , organs , vegetables , eggs , grains , yeast , milk and yogurt .
“ The pathogens can be transmitted . . . to owners by direct contact with pets ( sleeping with pets , licking the face , stroking the fur ) or by cross-contamination of foods and utensils in the kitchen , ” study coauthor Dr. Paul Overgaauw of Utrecht University told Reuters Health by email .
More than 200 commercial raw meat-based pet food products are available in the Netherlands . Overgaauw and colleagues analyzed the 35 frozen products most popular among pet owners across the country .
They looked for two strains of E. coli ( one that 's associated with renal failure in humans , and one that 's considered antibiotic-resistant ) as well as Listeria , Salmonella and several parasites .
They found the first strain of E. coli in eight products , antibiotic-resistant E. coli in 28 products , one strain of Listeria in 19 products , additional strains of Listeria in 15 products and Salmonella in seven products . Parasites were found in 10 products . Only five products were n't contaminated .
In contrast , dry , semi-moist and canned pet foods rarely contain pathogens , the study authors wrote in the journal Veterinary Record .
“ We have known for many years already that there are risks associated with raw meat diets for pets , ” said Overgaauw .
“ In nutritional terms , these diets are often deficient in several nutrients and may therefore lead to serious health problems , ” he and his colleagues point out in their report .
“ The most concerning aspect , from our public health point of view , is not only the high prevalence of potential pathogens that we found , but also that we found multi-drug resistant bacteria , ” Overgaauw said .
“ Sometimes owners almost become religious about these diets and do n't think there are any downsides , ” said Dr. Oskar Nilsson of the National Veterinary Institute of Sweden in Uppsala . Nilsson , who was n't involved with this study , has studied the problem of E. coli in raw pet foods in Sweden .
“ Simply put , all meat has bacteria in it if it is raw , and it does n't die if you freeze it , ” he told Reuters Health by phone . “ Some people think about frozen meat as sterile , but think about this as if you were feeding yourself . You cook it . ”
The study was n't designed to find out whether and to what extent bacteria and parasites from these products actually get transmitted from pets to humans , and whether humans get sick as a result .
Nilsson also noted that because only a small number of products were tested , the numbers and percentages may not be generally applicable .
“ You should n't take them as absolute figures , but it proves the case , ” he said . “ Now we want to know more . ”
Food safety technologies could help reduce the risk of bacteria in the products , said Dr. Jeff Bender of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis , who studies food safety and antimicrobial resistance .
“ The prevalence of E. coli was higher than I would expect , especially considering the potential for serious injuries in children , ” Bender , who was n't involved in this study , told Reuters Health by email . “ We should encourage the pet food industry to consider pasteurization for those using these diets . ”
Warnings and handling instructions on packaging could help pet owners be aware of the possible bacteria and parasites in the products and know the proper hygiene for preparing meals in the kitchen to avoid cross-contamination , Overgaauw said .
“ We can not prohibit these products on the market because we are living in a free country and every owner may decide what to feed his or her pet , ” he said . “ However , the hazard has been demonstrated , so the question is : How do we minimize the exposure ? ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/2BQuyuZ Veterinary Record , online January 11 , 2018 .
Good Morning Curtis : Columbia Museum of Art
COLUMBIA , SC ( WOLO ) – Curtis Wilson , Co-anchor of Good Morning Columbia , visited the Columbia Museum of Art on Main Street .
Curtis toured the museum to see how the renovations will help give more space for more artists to be celebrated .
Join us each weekday from 5am-7am on Good Morning Columbia .
New England Patriots ' quarterback Tom Brady passed Warren Moon for the most passing yards in a season by a 40-year-old early in the second quarter of the teams game against the Miami Dolphins .
🐐 jumps over 🌙 . Tom Brady passes Warren Moon ( 3,678 ) for the most passing yards in a single season by a 40-year-old QB . # GoPats — New England Patriots ( @ Patriots ) December 12 , 2017
Heading into the game , Brady only needed 46 yards to break Moon 's record of 3,678 passing yards . The only 40-year-old quarterback left for Brady to pass is Brett Favre who threw for 4,202 during his 2009 season with the Minnesota Vikings .
With Brady averaging just over 300 yards a game , it 's only a matter of time until the seemingly ageless quarterback passes Favre and becomes owner of another NFL record .
A 40-year-old man accused of sexually abusing students at the high school where he used to work was arrested Thursday by Tigard police .
Detectives arrested Marcus D. Jolley , a former teacher and coach at Tigard High School , at his home without incident .
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
Titanax Male Enhancement Enhancement ion to the legs , the back . Titanax Male Enhancement is valid for the first stage of pregnancy , but not for the last trimester , when the gut already reaches a large size . Seated w Titanax Male Enhancement h the back resting on the wall and the soles of the feet
http : //quicksupplementfact.com/titanax-male/
In America 's Heartland , A Power Company Leads Charge For Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
In the world of electric cars , there 's a chicken-and-egg problem : More people might buy electric vehicles , or EVs , if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby . And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road .
Now , utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem , and not just in California or the Northeast . A $ 20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light , whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border , has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country .
Find EV Charging Stations Enlarge this image Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Electric Vehicle Charging Station Locations : Lookup tool from the Department of Energy
: Lookup tool from the Department of Energy Plugshare : Community-updated lookup tool
`` There 's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country , '' says Chuck Caisley , KCP & L 's vice president for marketing and public affairs . `` We 're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation , and so we wanted to be catalytic to that . ''
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area , KCP & L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers .
The stations are going up at workplaces , in apartment garages , at grocery stores , in city parking lots and malls , and near the baseball and football stadiums . The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones , plugging in as they go about their daily lives .
For the first couple years , charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer .
On a recent day , Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood , Kan. , while they went for a drink . In the hour or so they spent in the bar , they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf , which they purchased 15 months ago .
`` We 've adapted our lifestyle , but I 'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City , has definitely made it very easy for us , '' Sara Foote says .
For KCP & L , this project is about clean energy and clean air , but it 's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants . Caisley says KCP & L 's power grid , which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum , is underutilized 80 percent of the time . Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants . A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP & L 's per-unit cost , and could mean lower power bills for its customers .
`` When you turn on an additional TV in your home , that 's not enough to change that equation , '' Caisley says . `` But when you talk about a segment [ the auto industry ] that 's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy , and electrifying it , you 're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use , which means we 're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently . ''
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time . Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area 's electricity . Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it .
`` We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind , '' he says .
KCP & L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers ' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations . Missouri regulators have yet to rule . Kansas regulators said no . They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations , and they said KCP & L did n't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead .
Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Listen · 3:45 3:45
`` We think KCP & L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want . The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer . Our take on that is , simply not , '' says David Nickel , consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens ' Utility Ratepayer Board , the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers .
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago . Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure .
Despite the Kansas ruling , KCP & L has moved forward with money from its investors . The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder , founder and CEO of LilyPad EV . His company sells , installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country . KCP & L is his biggest customer by far .
From his home office in Overland Park , Kan. , Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they 're in use and how long they 're in use . Here 's one measure of their abundance : At about 9 a.m. one weekday , only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations . But what Kinder has learned is : If you build it , they will come , and sometimes , very quickly .
Recently , a new charging station was installed outside an office building , and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network , it was in use .
`` Now , that was an employee who was sitting in his office , watching the electrician do the installation . He ran out , moved his electric car , plugged in and charged his car up , '' Kinder says . `` It was wonderful . ''
Kinder , who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially , says he 's already thinking about what 's needed next . For road trips , uninterrupted by long charging stops , there 's a need for fast chargers that can add , say , 90 miles of range in a half-hour . Those are much more expensive to install . KCP & L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors .
`` We 're a little beyond Wild , Wild West , but I think not everything 's laid out , '' Kinder says . `` This is all still evolving . It will all still be evolving for 10 years , or more . ''
Petkovic broke Vandeweghe in three of her first four service games to take the first set 6-3 , and was up 4-2 in the second when the American took a medical timeout for heat illness .
From there it was all Vandeweghe — she won the next 10 games to win the match 3-6 , 6-4 , 6-0 and put the United States into a semi-final tie in April with defending champions the Czech Republic , who beat Spain 3-2 . Petkovic , irked by an extended break allotted to Vandeweghe at the end of the second set , could n't regain her focus . She finished with 11 double faults , including two in the final game of the match . She was then left to stand and watch as Vandeweghe celebrated with her teammates before belatedly shaking hands with her foe . Even a meaningless doubles rubber played after the tie was decided was a disaster for Germany , as Laura Siegemund and Carina Witthoeft retired while trailing Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Shelby Rogers 4-1 because of Siegemund 's left arm injury . “ Honestly , it 's been a really tough week for us , ” said Petkovic , who took to Twitter on Sunday to elaborate on her feelings about the anthem mix-up . “ We were mainly ( stunned ) and did not know how we react . We feared the whole thing could fall back on us , ” Petkovic said . “ It is not the worst thing which happened to me in life . But it is the worst thing which happened to me in my Fed Cup life ever. ” Germany captain Barbara Rittner said she had even pondered snatching the microphone from the singer . “ I could have cried , because it is always a special moment , which gives you goose bumps , when you hear the anthem being played , ” Rittner said . The president of the US Tennis Association , Katrina Adams , immediately apologised to Rittner in person and promised to investigate . — AFP More from Tennis Wozniacki ready to reclaim Dubai title
Jankovic wins in wet and windy Qatar
UAE A to face defending champions Belgium
Philippines assured of semi-finals
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A two-year-old boy is fighting for life and two women are in hospital after they were hit by a suspected drug driver .
The horrific incident happened at 3.24pm on south End Road in Rainham , east London .
The women , aged 25 and 32 , are in hospital while the toddler suffered critical injuries after a blue Mercedes A180 collided with the group .
Members of the public pinned down the suspected driver at the scene before officers arrived , police said .
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said : `` Immediately following the collision members of the public assisted in detaining a suspect .
`` Police are particularly keen to hear from those people . ''
( Image : Mirrorpix )
`` Police were called shortly after 3.24pm on Tuesday 24 April , to reports of a vehicle colliding with pedestrians on South End Road , Rainham .
`` Officers attended , along with the London Ambulance Service and the London Fire Brigade .
`` The driver of the car , a dark blue Mercedes A180 , was arrested at the scene on suspicion of drug driving .
`` He has been taken to an east London police station where he remains in custody . ''
The two women have injuries that are not believed to be life-threatening .
Police also appealed for dash-cam footage .
VANCOUVER—The federal Liberals have given fodder to their opponents on both sides of the political spectrum with their decision to buy the Trans Mountain pipeline project , possibly putting their B.C . ridings in jeopardy — from both the left and the right — in the next election , political analysts say . On Tuesday , the federal government announced it had agreed to buy the Trans Mountain pipeline and expansion project for $ 4.5 billion .
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau climbs the famous Grouse Grind during a 2015 election campaign stop in North Vancouver , B.C . Political analysts say there will be a political cost to the Liberal government 's deal to buy the Trans Mountain pipeline . ( Jonathan Hayward / The Canadian Press )
The Conservatives have already slammed Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for being unable to create certainty for investors in the energy sector and “ forcing Canadian taxpayers to pay for his failure , ” as federal Conservative party leader Andrew Scheer said in a statement . On the left , Trudeau disappointed environmentalists and First Nations concerned about the potential for a catastrophic spill . While the next federal election is still more than a year away , analysts say the move could spell trouble for the Liberals in 2019 .
Article Continued Below
Forty-nine per cent of respondents said they would be less likely to vote for the Liberals in the next federal election . The online poll was conducted by Research Co. between May 25 and May 28 , ahead of the government 's announcement Tuesday but after the government said it would compensate Trans Mountain for delays .
Article Continued Below
The results are based on an online poll of 1,255 adults in B.C . and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.8 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . “ This is definitely hurting them , ” said Mario Canseco , the president of Research Co . It will be “ tough ” for Trudeau to hold onto the support he garnered in B.C . after campaigning “ so mightily on environmental issues. ” In 2015 , there was a concerted effort to shift the vote by people who did n't want to see Stephen Harper 's Conservatives win another term , Canseco added , but those ridings could be back in play . After winning just two B.C . seats in 2011 , the Liberals won 17 ridings in the province in 2015 , nabbing another in a 2017 byelection . The NDP came second in five of those ridings , while the Conservatives were second in 13 . Every party has something on the Liberals now , he said . The Greens and NDP will say Trudeau is n't environmentally friendly , while the Conservatives will say his government used taxpayer dollars to buffer a project that came out of Texas . “ There will be a political price to pay for the Trudeau government in 2019 , but I think the real big question is how much of a price , ” agreed Shachi Kurl , executive director of the Angus Reid Institute . There are three or four seats in B.C . 's Lower Mainland the Liberals will “ absolutely forfeit ” because of the pipeline , she said , and others may be much more competitive . “ But you know , I would also say that 18 months is a lifetime in politics , ” she said , adding Trans Mountain may not be a key ballot box question in some of the ridings in the suburbs of Vancouver . If they want to win back any of the support they 've lost in B.C. , the Liberals will have to stress potential benefits to the B.C . economy and how they 're going to get a return on their $ 4.5 billion investment , said Lorne Bozinoff , the president of Forum Research . On the other hand , the Liberals could be banking on making up any seats they lose in B.C . in Quebec , but if they want to keep their ridings in the western province they will have to try to make it up to the environmentalists , said Canseco . Ainslie Cruickshank is a Vancouver-based reporter covering the environment . Follow her on Twitter : @ ainscruickshank
Read more about :
SmackDown Live Report Card - May 29 , 2018
How did the changed to a promised great main event affect the grade ?
Jeremy Bennett FEATURED WRITER Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018 , 02:47 IST 806 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
That kick by Samoa Joe probably did n't feel too good for Daniel Bryan ...
SmackDown Live took place from the PNC Arena in Raleigh , North Carolina , last night , and by the end of the night , we knew the entire men 's field for the Money In The Bank Ladder Match in what turned out to be a pretty decent main event . The problem was that it was n't the main event we were promised a week ago ( more about that later ) .
After Samoa Joe became the eighth and final qualifier for the ladder match , he joins Rusev , a member of the New Day , The Miz , Braun Strowman , Finn Balor , Kevin Owens and Bobby Roode . That is an AMAZING lineup in my opinion . I could literally see a scenario where any of those eight could win .
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news .
Overall SmackDown Live was a great show this week , as it continues to earn better grades overall than Monday Night Raw lately .
This article is going to take a look at the key moments from last night 's episode of SmackDown Live where I will grade the segments from the best possible grade of an A+ to the worst possible grade of F .
Let 's start with the open where the WWE Universe did n't get what they were promised ...
# 1 Opening segment with Samoa Joe , Daniel Bryan , and a returning guest ...
Big Cass returned to give us news we did n't want to hear ...
Samoa Joe kicked of SmackDown Live this week and put a ladder in the ring . He climbed the ladder and grabbed the briefcase ( hopefully for Joe that is n't a kiss of death ) .
He talked about what he was going to do to Daniel Bryan that night and brought his family into it ; which promoted Bryan to come out .
Bryan was completely ready to have the main event happen right then and there when Big Cass interrupted .
This was the first time he appeared since Bryan brutally attacked his knee a couple of weeks back .
Cass informed Bryan he 's no longer in the qualifying match because SD General Manager Paige put Cass back in now that he 's medically cleared . He swung his crutch but hit Joe instead of Bryan starting a melee .
Paige would say in a backstage interview that Cass does n't have the authority to speak on her behalf , and she made a triple threat match for the main event .
This made a LOT of people , including myself upset as we were hoping for Joe v. Bryan .
Joe and Bryan 's promos saved this segment from getting a terrible grade , though .
GRADE : C-
( Yonhap )
Posco , South Korea 's largest steelmaker , posted 976.9 billion won ( $ 856.6 million ) in net profit for the first quarter of this year , up almost threefold on-year , due to enhanced profitability and higher steel prices , the company said Tuesday.It also recorded an operating profit of 1.3 trillion won and 15.7 trillion won in sales , up 106.8 percent and 20.9 percent , respectively , on-year between January and March this year. “ Efforts made to enhance profitability have bearded fruit . Sales of world premium products , which are high-value products , made up 53.4 percent , ” Posco said in a statement.The steelmaker also attributed the swing to increased steel prices and lower production costs.Posco will reduce the number of local subsidiaries to 32 firms by the end of this year and wrap up group restructuring efforts , the company said.It also shared plans to transform the company into a “ Smart Posco ” to prepare for the next 50 years.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425 @ heraldcorp.com
Record Number Of Native Americans Running For Office In Midterms
Enlarge this image toggle caption Juan Labreche/AP Juan Labreche/AP
On a recent afternoon in Albuquerque , N.M. , Deb Haaland sits with a thick stack of paper in front of her , calling donors to thank them for their contributions and to ask them for more money .
After winning her Democratic primary , Haaland , a member of the Pueblo of Laguna , a Native American tribe , is running for the U.S. House in a strongly Democratic district in New Mexico . That means she may soon be the first Native American woman in Congress .
`` Somebody has to be the first , '' she says as she walks through the southeast neighborhood where her office is . `` Native women , I mean we 've been on the frontlines for a long , long time . Think of all the native women who have fought for treaty rights and fishing rights and all of those things . ''
Haaland worked on President Obama 's 2008 campaign before chairing the state 's Democratic Party . But after thinking a woman would become president in 2016 and feeling let down , she says she decided to run for federal office . Because she says , she understands what it is to be working class in the United States .
`` I identified with so much of what people go through in this district and in the state . Half of our population is Medicaid eligible , '' she says . `` I know what it 's like to be on food stamps . My daughter and I both are paying off our student loans . So , I just felt like I know what it 's like and we need more people who know what it 's like to struggle . ''
Haaland is a single mom , went to 13 different public schools in the district where she 's on the ballot and says she understands Indian country .
`` We have a president who does n't understand what the trust responsibility is to tribes or our history at all . '' She says that 's a major reason why she 's running for Congress . `` You want to have influence over people who are making decisions for one of the most vulnerable communities in our country . ''
She 's one of a record number of Native American women running for office this year — a record number of women among a record number of Native American candidates . This year , Haaland says , is the year of women of color .
`` This year , maybe we just all said separately , 'It 's time us to take the next step . ' ``
Then there 's Peggy Flanagan , a state representative in Minnesota now running for lieutenant governor . Her top campaign issues include access to child care , education and inequities affecting `` children of color and Indigenous students . ''
But also , she says , it 's an opportunity to educate people about Native Americans and to stop legislation that 's done to her community , rather than alongside it .
`` Minneapolis is the birthplace of the American Indian movement and we have incredible history as well as infrastructure , '' she says . `` Oftentimes , it 's just ignorance ... That we were n't given these rights . We always had them . Educating folks on issues of sovereignty . ''
There 's also Paulette Jordan , making a Democratic bid for governor in the conservative state of Idaho . She grew up on a reservation in a rural part of the state .
`` We need leadership that will help defend the voices of the people and the needs of our community . There is no other option but to lead . That 's why I 'm running for governor , '' she says . `` Balance in the voices of representation in government is wholly unique and very critical . ''
Even without big wins in the fall for these candidates , the sheer number matters says Mark Trahant . He 's the editor of the news site Indian Country Today . He 's been keeping track of Native American candidates for the last six years .
`` There really is a record year this year . It 's extraordinary , '' Trahant says . `` You see folks running for such a variety of offices . ''
There are two Native American men in Congress now - both Republicans — and Trahant expects as many as ten Native Americans will be on the congressional ballot this fall . He says that 's double the number in 2016 .
In Oklahoma , there is a race between two Native American candidates , one a Democrat and the other a Republican . As for statewide offices , there are more Native Americans running for lieutenant governor alone , six candidates , than the number who ran for statewide offices across the country in 2016 .
Trahant says some of this is a reaction to the current political climate , but it 's also the fruit of years of work by Native American organizers , advocates and politicians .
And the candidates , he says , especially the women , are dismantling stereotypes with campaigns that show the diversity of Indian country .
Tatewin Means , a candidate who recently lost a primary for attorney general in South Dakota , had a groundbreaking political ad because it was in Lakota . Trahant says is the first time he 's seen a political ad in a native language .
Tatewin Means campaign ad in Lakota YouTube
There 's also Sharice Davids , an ex-MMA fighter and lesbian who 's running for Congress in Kansas .
She wears a t-shirt that reads , `` Strong , Indigenous , Resilient '' as she pounds a punching bag .
In the ad , she says `` It 's 2018 , and women , Native Americans , gay people , the unemployed and the underemployed have to fight like hell just to survive . ''
Sharice Davids campaign ad YouTube
Trahant says this ad and others are changing things .
`` What 's important about these ads is they will change people 's perceptions about Native Americans in general , not just the political campaigns , but how people perceive the native community , '' he says .
It 's also galvanizing Indigenous voters who he says are often sidelined by voting laws and distrustful of a government that has taken so much from them .
That 's clear when walking around with Deb Haaland in Albuquerque . Many different kinds of people , Native Americans and more , walk up to congratulate her on her primary win .
At a recent minor league baseball game , Robert Piper greets her . `` As a native Hawaiian , I 'm very proud of you , '' he tells Haaland , shaking her hand . Even though he ca n't vote in New Mexico , he says when one Native American rises `` it lifts all First Nations people . ''
As Haaland leaves the field , an employee grabs her hand , holds it and says `` From one Native American sister to another , congratulations . ''
Back at the office , one of Haaland 's interns , Dechellie Gray , gets emotional as she explains why she 's working on the campaign . `` I see my family in her family and I think that 's something that 's really important that I 've never seen before . '' She 's Navajo .
Her voice trails off and she pauses to hold back tears . `` It 's just very emotional for me because it means so much , '' she says . Gray says she 's never seen anyone who she looks like run for federal office . New Mexico is about 10 percent Native American .
`` I just think that it 's really important that a government represents the people that live in their districts , '' Gray says . `` Deb always tells the story of her grandparents being sent to boarding school . And my great grandparents experienced The Long Walk . She knows what that 's like . And I do n't think that a lot of politicians see that and have first-hand experience of that . ''
There 's a lot of energy around this year 's crop of candidates but getting voters out is another issue . Historically , Indigenous voters have had some of the lowest turnout rates of any group in the country .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) -
Monday , December 11 , 2017 at 7:11 am |
Russia 's President Vladimir Putin ( L. ) meets with Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo , Egypt , Monday . ( Reuters/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool )
Russian President Vladimir Putin met Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo on Monday for talks on cooperation and tensions in the Middle East following Washington 's decision to recognize Yerushalayim as Israel 's capital .
Putin 's visit reflects growing ties between Russia and Egypt , the second largest recipient of U.S. military aid after Israel and a strategic U.S. partner in the Middle East because of its control of the Suez Canal .
Putin , who was due to fly to Turkey after Cairo , briefly visited a Russian base in Syria before arriving in Egypt and ordered Russian forces to start withdrawing from Syria after a two-year military campaign .
Putin and Sisi are expected to sign bilateral agreements , including one for Egypt 's Dabaa nuclear power plant , and to discuss resumption of Russian flights to Egypt as soon as possible , a presidential spokesman told MENA state news agency .
Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants bombed a Russian Metrojet flight leaving from the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , killing 224 people on board .
The high-level Russian visit comes after the U.S. government in August decided to deny Egypt $ 95.7 million in aid and to delay another $ 195 million because of its failure to make progress on human rights and democratic norms .
Get Ready to Fill the Boot
Columbia , SC ( WOLO ) — Are you ready to fill the boot ? The Columbia Fire Department is ready once again to partner with the MDA for the 2018 fill the boot campaign .
It 's one of the biggest fund raisers in the fight against Muscular Dystrophy .
This year is the 60th year for the event and organizers are looking forward to hitting the streets for a good cause .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - AstraZeneca expects a return to drug sales growth in 2018 as new medicines win market share and the group puts patent losses behind it , although the need to invest in launches will weigh on profit this year .
AstraZeneca has suffered the industry 's biggest patent cliff since 2012 , wiping out more than half of its sales , but Chief Executive Pascal Soriot said it was turning a corner and spending as a proportion of sales would reduce by 2019-20 .
After a 5 percent fall in 2017 , the group expects drug sales this year to grow at a low single-figure percentage rate , driven by new treatments for cancer , in particular , and buoyed by 20 percent-plus sales growth in China .
“ We have a pipeline that is over-sized relative to the current size of our company , ” Soriot said .
“ That 's a good thing because over the next two or three years we are going to be able to drive a very strong growth rate - but of course it creates a need to resource those launches . ”
The need to invest heavily in promoting new medicines will hold back profits this year , with the company predicting core earnings per share ( EPS ) of $ 3.30 to $ 3.50 - below the Thomson Reuters consensus of $ 3.61 .
The weak profit guidance initially pushed the shares lower before they rallied to stand 2.7 percent higher by 1550 GMT after Soriot 's upbeat comments on long-term profitability .
“ While the EPS guidance range suggests modest downside to consensus , this clearly reflects plans to invest more aggressively behind new launches , which investors should be comfortable with , ” said Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkes .
EXTERNALISATION DEALS
Revenue last year was boosted by a bumper haul of “ externalisation ” deals , involving asset sales and collaborations with other companies , which some analysts have criticised for flattering results .
Such deals contributed $ 2.3 billion in 2017 out of total revenue of $ 22.5 billion , but AstraZeneca said they had peaked and would decline in 2018 .
AstraZeneca has had some notable new product successes recently , with oncology pills Tagrisso and Lynparza both doing well and progress in other areas , including novel treatments for lung disorders .
Its heart drug Brilinta and Farxiga for diabetes have also both just breached the $ 1 billion annual sales mark , while its business in China is outgrowing rivals .
AstraZeneca aims to step up its China push through two new deals with Chinese tech giants Alibaba and Tencent announced on Friday , designed to optimise drug use and fight counterfeit medicines .
Still , the pace of its turnaround remains uncertain pending further clinical trial read-outs in the multibillion-dollar cancer immunotherapy market , where AstraZeneca 's Imfinzi is going head to head with rival drugs from Merck & Co , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche .
“ The very successful launch in the coming months of Imfinzi in lung cancer is crucial if AstraZeneca is going to make up lost ground , ” said Trinity Delta analyst Mick Cooper .
AstraZeneca suffered the biggest ever daily fall in its shares last July , following disappointing initial results from a lung cancer trial dubbed Mystic . Since then the shares have rallied , helped by good news from two other studies .
Further data from the Mystic trial is due in the first half of this year .
Fourth-quarter core EPS , which excludes some items , increased 7 percent to $ 1.30 cents on revenue of $ 5.78 billion , helped by one-off tax gains . Analysts , on average , had forecast earnings of 84 cents on revenue of $ 5.46 billion .
( Reuters ) - Many nations , including the United States , Canada and several European countries , as well as top United Nations and EU officials are among those calling for the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar .
The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 , after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon , and accused of violating Myanmar 's colonial-era Official Secrets Act .
They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state , from where nearly 690,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled since August and sought refuge in Bangladesh , according to the United Nations .
A Yangon district court declined to grant bail for the two journalists on Thursday and sent them back to the city 's notorious Insein prison . They will be back in court on Tuesday for the next in a series of hearings to determine whether they should face charges under the Official Secrets Act .
Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler expressed disappointment at the bail decision and called for the journalists ' prompt release .
“ It has now been more than fifty days since they were arrested , and they should have the opportunity to be with their families as the hearings continue , ” he said in a statement .
“ We believe the court proceedings will demonstrate their innocence and Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo will be able to return to their jobs reporting on events in Myanmar . ”
Here are comments on their detention from governments , politicians , human rights groups , journalists and press freedom advocates around the world :
LATEST REACTION
- United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres urged the international community “ to do whatever it can ” to secure the release of the two Reuters journalists , U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said on Thursday .
“ The Secretary-General has expressed his concern at the erosion of the press freedom in Myanmar and he has called for the international community to do whatever it can to secure the release of the journalists and to ensure press freedom in the country , ” Dujarric said .
- United Nations human rights spokesman Rupert Colville called on Friday for the accusations against the journalists to be dropped , saying : “ We are alarmed by the serious erosion of freedom of expression in Myanmar . ”
- The Norwegian embassy in Myanmar called on Friday for the immediate release of the reporters after the court decision . “ Journalists must be able to do their job without fear , intimidation and prosecution , ” it said in a post on its Facebook page .
- The Danish embassy in Myanmar also reiterated its demand for the immediate release of the two journalists in a statement on Thursday .
- Shawn Crispin , Senior Southeast Asia Representative of the Committee to Protect Journalists , said in a Twitter message on Thursday : “ Myanmar must stop blocking news coverage of the Rohingya tragedy in Rakhine state . Set them free now . ”
Detained Reuters journalist Kyaw Soe Oo is seen during a break at the court hearing in Yangon , Myanmar February 1 , 2018 . REUTERS/Jorge Silva
- Surakiart Sathirathai , the head of a new international advisory panel on the Rohingya crisis , said in an interview on Thursday he and other panel members had been “ reassured again and again that the case would be accorded with the due process of law and criminal justice procedure ” .
Surakiart said last month that the panel could not intervene in the case .
- AAPP , a Thailand-based group working to free political prisoners in Myanmar , said in a Twitter message on Friday : “ Denying bail for Reuters Journalists after arrest under colonial era law further erodes the right to press freedom and denies Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo their rights as journalists and citizens . ”
GOVERNMENTS , MULTILATERAL ORGANIZATIONS
- U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the United States was “ demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance ” .
Detained Reuters journalist Wa Lone 's is being escorted by police after a court hearing in Yangon , Myanmar February 1 , 2018 . REUTERS/Jorge Silva
- Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has also called for the immediate release of the two journalists . “ A free press is critical to a free society - the detention of journalists anywhere is unacceptable , ” Clinton said in a Twitter post last month .
- Senator Ben Cardin , the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , called the arrests of the two journalists “ outrageous ” , saying it brought back memories of “ repressive military rule ” .
- The European Union , Britain , Holland , Canada and Sweden have demanded the release of the Reuters reporters . Australia has expressed concern and Bangladesh has denounced the arrests .
- Yanghee Lee and David Kaye , the U.N. special rapporteurs on Myanmar and on freedom of expression respectively , said , “ Journalism is not a crime . These detentions are another way for the government to censor information about the military 's role in Rakhine State and the humanitarian catastrophe taking place . ”
- Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kano said , “ Freedom of the press is extremely important , including in order to protect fundamental human rights . The Japanese government would like to watch ( this matter ) closely. ” Tokyo-based Human Rights Now has called on Japan to take a stronger stance .
JOURNALISTS , NGOS
- A group of 50 Pulitzer Prize winners has called the arrests “ an outrageous attack on media freedom ” and demanded the immediate release of the two journalists . “ Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are brave , principled and professional journalists who were working in the public interest and were jailed simply for doing their jobs , ” they said in a statement .
- The New York Times has said in an editorial that releasing the two journalists immediately “ would help restore at least some lost faith ” in Aung San Suu Kyi 's government .
- Washington-based Freedom House , Human Rights Watch , Reporters Without Borders and advocacy group Fortify Rights have also demanded Myanmar release the Reuters journalists .
- The Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Myanmar said it was “ appalled ” by the arrests and “ gravely concerned ” about press freedom in Myanmar .
- The Foreign Correspondents ' Club in Thailand , Foreign Correspondents ' Association of the Philippines , Jakarta Foreign Correspondents ' Club and Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Hong Kong have issued statements supporting the journalists .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - The British and Irish Lions used a rush defence to great effect in their drawn series against the All Blacks this year but flyhalf Beauden Barrett says the world champions will be ready to counter if the Wallabies adopt the same tactic on Saturday .
The All Blacks , who face Australia in the Rugby Championship opener in Sydney , romped through last year 's tournament with an average of six tries per match on the back of a fast-paced , high-skilled game with Barrett pulling the strings .
In their three-test series , the Lions were able to stifle the All Blacks attack with a defensive pattern that pressured Barrett in close and cut off his options out wide .
While other teams may see the system as a blueprint for how to play against the world champions , 2016 World Player of the Year Barrett said the All Blacks had already come up with ways of exploiting the space it can offer .
`` Some teams in Super Rugby adopted that style of defence too , and we do understand it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure , '' Barrett told reporters in Sydney on Monday . `` But ... there are opportunities elsewhere .
`` If the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday , we have learned ways to deal with it . It is an ongoing trend ; more teams are starting to bring that line speed . ''
While Australian rugby is beset by problems on and off the field , the ease with which All Blacks won last year 's southern hemisphere competition seems to have been forgotten , perhaps due to the Lions series .
The combined side forced the All Blacks into errors , put them under sustained pressure and exposed some poor decision making .
With the team building to the Rugby Championship and looking ahead to the 2019 World Cup , Barrett said the Lions series had been the ideal wake-up call .
`` We were perhaps tested in areas where we have n't been before , so that 's exactly what we wanted , '' he said .
`` We ask those hard questions of ourselves and of our teammates and it gets the best out of the team . It is just what we needed . ''
( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
Tyrel
You can wager on the cinema offerings of the Brooklyn based , Santiago born Sebastián Silva to be bold , the comedy to be subversive , and rather than comfort , the more dramatic elements are meant to disrupt in a provoked discussion type manner . An artist who simply ca n't sit still , narratively and tonally speaking , Silva 's last item Nasty Baby was as unpredictable and against the grain as they come , with Silva and Wiig breaking out perfs you 're unlikely to see anywhere else . So far , his filmography is one half Chilean with The Maid ( 2009 – here is our interview with him ) being his breakout film , and the almost back to back films of Crystal Fairy & the Magical Cactus ( 2012 ) and Magic Magic ( 2013 ) making him a household indiewood name .
In my Sundance predictions , I mentioned that what Lanthimos is to Cannes , Silva is to Sundance , so naturally he becomes the eldest filmmaker in the U.S . Dramatic Comp with his seventh feature film titled Tyrel . Described as more provocative than Get Out , Silva would put Captain Dad on the backburner , landing a formidable cast in Jason Mitchell , Christopher Abbott ( video interview ) , Michael Cera , Caleb Landry Jones and Ann Dowd for an early shoot exactly one year back . This sees Tyler ( Mitchell ) spirals out of control when he realizes he ‘ s the only black person attending a weekend birthday party in a secluded cabin . Worth mentioning is how the chosen film title and protagonist 's name do n't correlate . Update : TYREL was a Sundance critical darling , and stands as my # 2 pick of the fest .
Release Date/Prediction : Selected for the U.S Dramatic Competition for the Sundance Film Festival , this will likely see more play on the festival circuit .
Staff Reporter
A group exhibition featuring calligraphy by established artists Aftab Ahmed Khan , Khawaja Muhammad Hussain , Elahi Bux Mattee and Azeem Iqbal was opened at the Art Gallery of the Rawalpindi Arts Council ( RAC ) Wednesday in connection with sacred month of Ramazan . The exhibition was an attempt to keep the tradition of calligraphic art alive and to acknowledge the dedication and commitment of the calligraphers who are continually practicing this art . The exhibition showcased the traditional style of calligraphy as preserved , promoted and propagated by the exponents of traditional as well as contemporary calligraphy . The exhibition was inaugurated by Commissioner Rawalpindi Division Talat Mehmood Gondal who was warmly welcomed by Resident Director RAC Waqar Ahmed . The people belonging to various segments of society were also present on the occasion .
The calligraphy work of Aftab Ahmed , who is a retired CSP officer and an eminent writer , was included among paintings of letters written by Holy Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) to various heads of state .
The work of Mattee gets prominence due to traditional color scheme and fonts . Khawaja Muhammad Hussain is a prominent mentor who is imparting calligraphic art to young generation since years . Azeem Iqbal in his calligraphy work uses material which was in practice in the era of Holy Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) .
Speaking on the occasion , Talat Mehmood Gondal said the calligraphic work of renowned artists is admirable .
He said unique styles of all three calligraphers with adherence to centuries old calligraphic traditions are the distinguished feature of the exhibition .
Former Director RAC , Naheed Manzoor said the calligraphers were the guardians of Islamic heritage and creating a positive image of the country .
Waqar Ahmed said the idea behind the exhibition was to foster the old Islamic art and calligraphy skills which have a very rich heritage . A total of 80 paintings were displayed which focused on the depiction of patterns and Arabic calligraphy . The exhibition will be remained opened for general public for two weeks .
Cassius Marsh has put the New England Patriots on blast , but not everyone cares what the current San Francisco 49ers defensive end has to say . Nate Burleson , for one , said he could n't care less about Marsh 's jabs at the Patriots .
“ This is n't a shot to Cassius Marsh . You leave and you go to a different team . I 'm not a big fan of throwing shots at your former organization . … Regardless of how much they played you or how much you got on the field , they still cut your check , ” Burleson said as a host on NFL Network 's “ Good Morning Football. ” “ And on top of that , you were with a winner . Now , I 'm speaking from the outside in . I could easily be one of those people that was like , ‘ When I was playing with the Patriots , and I hated it when I was there . ' But when you 're with a winner , it does n't matter how things are going , so I 'm completely fine with how people run things . I 'm not being a fake Patriot . ”
Burleson never played with the Patriots , but he said he could understand the challenging transitions NFL players can face when jumping between NFL organizations . But Burleson , along with many of the other hosts on the morning show , did n't take Marsh 's comments seriously .
Marsh 's tenure with the Patriots ended after he played just three snaps in the team 's Week 11 win over the Oakland Raiders in 2017 . Marsh was apparently a poor on-field fit with the Patriots despite New England trading fifth- and seventh-round picks to get him . His comments suggest he was n't a great fit off the field either .
“ I confronted ( coach Bill Belichick ) about all the things that were going on , ” Marsh told the San Francisco Chronicle 's Eric Branch . “ I wo n't get into detail , but it was B.S . things they were doing . I just was n't a fan . And so I , basically , without asking to get cut , I kind of asked to get cut . … I had confidence that I would have an opportunity elsewhere and I would take advantage of it . ”
Facebook Cracks Down On 30,000 Fake Accounts In France
Facebook is targeting 30,000 fake accounts linked to France that are being used to spread fake news , spam , hoaxes and misinformation . The company said it is trying to `` reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity , including spam , misinformation , or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts . ''
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
After the U.S. presidential election , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had dismissed the idea that his company had provided a platform for the spread of false information and conspiracy theories .
But now Facebook is working with authorities in 14 countries to stop the spread of fake news . We 're joined by NPR 's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris to hear how this is playing out in France . And , Eleanor , is there a concern that fake news could influence the French election on Sunday ?
ELEANOR BEARDSLEY , BYLINE : Absolutely , yes . You know , there are alternative news sites and media of every ilk here operating . And some candidates have already been complaining about it . Emmanuel Macron , who is a frontrunner with far-right leader Marine Le Pen , says he 's being targeted by conspiracy theories about his private life , also about his finances that because he 's a former investment banker , he 's hiding millions .
He actually had to go on the radio today and dispel rumors and talk about exactly where his money came from and , you know , where it went . And so a lot of information that may be false information is - seems to support anti-immigration stances of Marine Le Pen , you know , videos showing migrants attacking a nurse in a hospital .
Only it turned out this video was in a Russian hospital several months ago , even though it says a French hospital today . So there are a lot of conspiracy theories swirling also around the pro-Russian sites . There are fears that Russia will influence this election . And French President Francois Hollande publicly warned Russia not to interfere in the French election .
SIEGEL : What are the sources typically of the fake news ? Does it come from Russia ?
BEARDSLEY : Well , some of it does . Russia Today and Sputnik have been cited as perpetrators of conspiracy theories . And there are a lot of independent websites . Many are linked to far-right causes . And then Facebook because people share videos , people share news stories . And it looks like it 's coming from a good friend so you can trust it . And so this is how things spread . And that 's what Facebook wants to stop .
SIEGEL : So what is Facebook doing to stop it ?
BEARDSLEY : Well , Facebook has developed an algorithm to detect accounts that are not linked to a person and a specific identity . So they 're finding accounts that are just resending out masses of information , you know , spam . And that 's what they 're shutting down .
They have shut down 30,000 false accounts in France . But there 's actually no human involvement in this , Robert , it 's just an algorithm that detects accounts that are sending out masses amount of the same information .
SIEGEL : Now , fake news is not something new in French politics , is it ?
BEARDSLEY : No , Robert , it absolutely is n't . I spoke with the editorial director of newspaper Le Monde . And she said fake news has been around for a long time , identified with the far-right . She said after the terrorist attacks in 2015 , there were a lot of conspiracy theories . And here 's what Sylvie Kaufman told me .
SYLVIE KAUFMAN : This kind of inflammatory false discourse and manipulated facts has been familiar for some time but we did n't have social networks , we did n't have the Internet . And so the amplification was not so large .
So it was an issue but it was not such a big issue . And also , I would say the authority , the moral authority of mainstream media like Le Monde was bigger .
BEARDSLEY : Kaufman says we 're in a very different media environment . They 're taking it seriously . Le Monde has a whole team now dedicated to debunking fake news . And they have online software that readers can use to verify sources .
SIEGEL : That 's NPR 's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris . Eleanor , thanks .
BEARDSLEY : You 're welcome , Robert .
( SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC )
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Ahead of next week 's special election , Politico reports that Georgia 's voting systems “ are uniquely vulnerable , security researchers say—and the state has ignored efforts to fix the problem . ”
“ A 29-year-old former cybersecurity researcher with the federal government 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , Lamb , who now works for a private internet security firm in Georgia , wanted to assess the security of the state 's voting systems… But his curiosity turned to alarm when he encountered a number of files , arranged by county , that looked like they could be used to hack an election . Lamb wrote an automated script to scrape the site and see what was there , then went off to lunch while the program did its work . When he returned , he discovered that the script had downloaded 15 gigabytes of data . ”
Yusif Abubakar , head coach of Aduana Stars has admitted clearing their outstanding matches in the ongoing Ghana Premier is going to be a difficult task for them . He is worried the subsequent games they are going to be playing will put the team in losing position .
Due to the team 's participation in the continental competition , they have missed four match week games and now have four outstanding matches to play .
Aduana stars having only played five matches so far in the GPL are 14th on the league log with just seven points . This puts more pressure on the Fire boys as they look to try to defend the league .
Speaking to Class FM , Yusif Abubakar disclosed that even though he is worried , his team has no choice and have to play the matches as they come . Therefore , they are going to prepare as well as they can and make sure they plan accordingly to be ready for the games .
“ It is through no fault of ours that the league has become this compact as we are playing , but we have no choice ” , grieved the gaffer .
Aduana stars will now play Berekum Chelsea in their next match at Dormaa .
7 hours ago by Mark Kane
Renault has announced its new six-year plan – Drive The Future 2017 – 2022 with an ambitious target of 44 % growth , from 3.5 million cars sold in 2016 to more than 5 million in 2022 ( although it kinda looks like a 5 year plan to us , as 2017 has almost closed ) .
Over that time the company looks to increase its revenues to over €70 billion and margin to 7 % , save €4.2 billion on the production and spend €18 billion on R & D .
None of that we really care about though…so , what of plug-in technology ?
Renault stats the number of electric cars offered by the company is to increase to 8 over the period , and there will be also 12 electrified models .
It is unclear if Renault means straight hybrids ( and how many ) when it says “ electrified models ” , but we have already heard confirmation that Mitsubishi 's PHEV ( plug-in hybrid ) technology will be put to use in both Renault and Nissan 's lineup in the future ; so , we expect at least a couple PHEVs to dot the French automaker 's lineup in the coming years .
Renault currently offers the ZOE , Kangoo Z.E . and Twizy , as well as technically the SM3 Z.E . in South Korea , through Renault Samsung Motors .
The newest model to be the Master Z.E. , a full size/commercial electric van .
More details :
Affirm , the platform that helps consumers find financing , is getting some financing of its own .
The San Francisco-based company confirmed that it 's raising $ 200 million , led by GIC , a Singaporean sovereign wealth fund . Existing investors Khosla Ventures and Spark Capital are also participating .
Affirm 's valuation is estimated to be between $ 1.5 billion and $ 2 billion , as first reported by The Wall Street Journal . Investors are betting on Max Levchin , the PayPal co-founder who runs Affirm .
“ The growth of the company has been excellent , ” Levchin told TechCrunch . But he wanted to emphasize that he 's not celebrating the round . “ Funding is not winning , ” he said . It means you 're “ committing yourself to a higher outcome . ”
It 's a capital-intensive business and the financing will help it grant more loans . As of April this year , Affirm had already facilitated one million loans , totaling an estimated $ 1 billion .
Affirm helps customers break large payments into monthly payments , to make things more affordable in the short run . Before buying something , Affirm users can determine how long it will take to pay it off .
Levchin likes to characterize Affirm as more ethical than its competitors because it only lends to people who it believes can afford it . There 's no hidden fees or compounding interest .
The company recently rolled out its app to make it easier to expand beyond e-commerce into in-store purchases . There 's an “ unstoppable list of things we want to build for our merchant partners , ” he said .
Affirm is part of a wave of businesses that are looking to provide an alternative to credit cards . Square recently introduced consumer financing .
Young people are increasingly shunning credit because they are concerned about mounting debt . Levchin says that they 'll be developing educational tools to help people manage their finances .
Right now , most of its customers are Gen X or younger and live throughout the U.S . He said it 's less popular in the major cities on the East and West Coasts and that most of Affirm 's customers live at least 100 miles from the ocean .
Levchin plans to use some of the funding for international expansion . They will also be opening a New York office .
When it comes to IPO possibilities , Levchin says he 's “ not opposed to the idea , ” but they 're “ not in a huge hurry to take the company to public . ”
Affirm previously raised funding from Lightspeed Venture Partners , Andreessen Horowitz , Founders Fund and others .
An aerial view shows the Velodrome , which had its roof partially burnt after a fire , used for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - INVALDA INVL AB :
* INVL ASSET MANAGEMENT , A PART OF INVALDA INVL , HAS ACQUIRED A CONTROLLING STAKE IN THE ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY MUNDUS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
About a dozen of factory workers were injured after a melee broke out at an advance New Year party which an auto sparepart factory held for employees at a resort hotel in Nakhon Nayok province last night ( Dec 10 ) .
The advance party was held at the resort for workers of the company 's production line in Ayutthaya and Sing Buri provinces .
Full story : thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
BAGHDAD—A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday , killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by Daesh hours after French President François Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day labourers , a police officer said , adding that another 52 people were wounded.During a press conference with Hollande , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day labourers . Once the workers gathered around , he detonated the vehicle.Daesh , also known as ISIS or ISIL , claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists . It was the third Daesh-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad , underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year , including in and around the northern city of Mosul.The attack took place in Sadr City , a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.Article Continued BelowShiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr , the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighbourhood is named , were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived . Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit , vegetables and labourers ' shovels and axes . A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.Asaad Hashim , an owner of a mobile phone store nearby , described how the labourers pushed and shoved around the bomber 's vehicle , trying to get hired. “ Then a big boom came , sending them up into the air , ” said the 28-year old , who suffered shrapnel wounds to his right hand . He blamed “ the most ineffective security forces in the world ” for failing to prevent the attack .
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Prescient Therapeutics Ltd :
* ‍U.S . FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION HAS LIFTED CLINICAL HOLD PLACED ON CO ‘ S TRIAL OF PTX-200 ​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull at the White House on Feb. 23 , the White House said in a statement on Thursday .
“ The president and prime minister will discuss a range of shared bilateral , regional , and global priorities , including fighting terrorism , promoting economic growth , and expanding security and defense cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region , ” the statement said .
Trump and Turnbull last met in November on the sidelines of a summit of East and Southeast Asian leaders in Manila . The meeting included Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , and the three leaders discussed trade issues and the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear program .
The relationship between Trump and Turnbull got off to a rocky start . Trump spoke to Turnbull a few days after the U.S. president took office in January 2017 , but Trump broke off what was supposed to be an hour-long conversation after a tense 25 minutes .
The Republican president became irritated that he was expected to honor an agreement made by his Democratic predecessor , Barack Obama , to accept 1,250 refugees . In the end , Trump decided to honor the agreement .
Trump and Turnbull apparently smoothed over their differences in a face-to-face meeting in New York in May , with Trump declaring they “ get along great . ”
Back on June 17 , Pittsburgh Pirates general manager Neal Huntington told Chris Adamski of the Tribune-Review that the Pirates have had more discussions about adding players , than subtracting .
Fast-forward nearly three weeks , and a mark of 5-9 in that span , it 's hard to believe Huntington still feels that way . A week ago , I called for the Pittsburgh Pirates to sell , sell , sell . I have n't come off that stance , so I do wonder if Huntington changed his view .
But does it really matter if he did or did n't ? It 's time to have a discussion about Huntington 's credibility , both in the media , and as a builder of a major league franchise .
On June 17 against the Cincinnati Reds at PNC Park , the Pirates dropped an 8-6 decision as Joe Musgrove gave up six earned runs in 4.1 innings of work . Since that day , the Pirates lost five games in a row , and just got smoked by the Los Angeles Dodgers , 17-1 , in Los Angeles .
There 's a clear path for the Pirates to rebuild , yet Huntington does n't seem to want to embrace that . Reports are that the Pirates continue to search for help in the bullpen , with a name such as Brad Brach of the Baltimore Orioles continuously surfacing . But why would the Pirates – who have a terrible record against winning teams , and face teams with winning records in nearly 70 percent of remaining games – add to this current group ?
Well , Huntington and Bob Nutting care about the optics of this team and the moves they make . When Huntington says he 's thinking of doing something , he usually does it , good or bad .
Prior to this season , Huntington told the Pittsburgh media that he traded away Gerrit Cole and Andrew McCutchen to help the 2018 version of the Pirates return to their competitive ways .
Now , I personally do n't see how trading away your best pitcher , and one of your best hitters and face-of-the-franchise makes you better , but in the month of April , Huntington looked like a genius .
Since then ? Not so much .
This team is hurting in the pitching department , both at starter ( 19th in starter ERA , 4.29 , 22nd in reliever ERA , 4.35 ) , and has struggled offensively since the month of April , recording an OPS of .645 in June ( 22nd in baseball ) after recording OPS 's of .732 ( 12th ) in April , and .767 ( 8th ) in May .
While it 's tough to blame the poor play completely on Huntington , he helped construct this roster , and his credibility as a talent evaluator and team builder has dwindled year-by-year since the Pirates won 98 games and decided not to add to that group the following winter .
If Huntington still believes this current group of Pirates can still compete for a Wild Card spot , he 's absolutely lost his mind , plain and simple .
He has a lot to do with this current core to regain some credibility . But from where I sit , he 's just about out of all that credibility he built up from 2013-15 . He seems to have rested on his laurels thanks to that credibility , and the Pirates have suffered in recent years for it .
Mount Mayon , the most active volcano in the Philippines has started exhibiting signs of an imminent eruption , as it spewed fountains of lava and massive ash plumes on Monday night and even on Tuesday morning .
According to the latest updates , more than 27,000 people have been evacuated after Mount Mayon exhibited elevated seismic unrest , and summit explosions followed by the spread of lava and ash .
Check out all images of the volcanic eruption of Mount Mayon :
CBS has ordered four additional drama pilots for the 2018-19 season .
“ L.A . Confidential ” is billed as a modern take on James Ellroy 's novel — which was the basis the 1997 feature film starring Kim Basinger . In it the paths of three homicide detectives , a female reporter and an up-and-coming actress intersect while the detectives pursue a sadistic serial killer among the secrets and lies of gritty , glamorous 1950 's Los Angeles . Jordan Harper is writing and serves as executive producer alongside Arnon Milchan . New Regency , Lionsgate Television and CBS Television Studios are producing .
“ Red Line , ” from writers and executive producers Caitlin Parrish and Erica Weiss , hails from Warner Bros. Television . After a white cop in Chicago mistakenly shoots and kills a black doctor , the show follow three different families that all have connections with the case as the story is told from each perspective . Ava DuVernay , Greg Berlanti , and Sarah Schechter also serve as executive producers . CBS Television Studios is producing .
Inspired by the life of Eric Holder , “ Main Justice , ” explores the tumultuous world of the 5th floor of the Department of Justice , where the U.S. attorney general . takes on the biggest legal and investigative cases in the country all while being the youngest person to ever hold the position . Sascha Penn is writing and executive producing the CBS Television Studios project . Jerry Bruckheimer , Jonathan Littman , KristieAnne Reed , and Holder are also exec producing .
Another CBS Television Studios legal drama , “ The Code , ” hails from co-writers Craig Sweeny and Craig Turk and fellow exec producers Carl Beverly and Sarah Timberman . Sweeny will serve as showrunner . It tells the story of the military 's brightest minds as they take on our country 's toughest challenges – inside the courtroom and out – where each attorney is trained as a prosecutor , a defense lawyer , an investigator – and a Marine .
The orders bring to 16 the number of pilots CBS has ordered for 2018-19 .
Scientists Work To Stop Violence After Losing Their Child In Newtown After losing their child in the Newtown shooting five years ago , two scientists are working to identify the neurological roots of violence and antisocial behavior .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Interest in Bristol City star Joe Bryan appears to be hotting up ahead of the summer transfer window .
Today 's Sunday People suggests that Everton are keen to sign the left-back as they look replace Leighton Baines at Goodison Park .
Baines , 33 , has been a stalwart with the Toffees since 2007 but he has only made 21 appearances this season with injuries limiting his involvement .
Byran has been lined as a potential replacement with the Bristol City man impressing during their Championship campaign and memorable Carabao Cup run .
Last week , Aston Villa were linked with the Bristol-born defender with Steve Bruce outlining a move should Vila win promotion to the Premier League .
Bryan , 24 , has played 41 games for the Robins this season in all competitions , scoring five goals , including a wonder strike against Manchester United in the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup which won goal of the round .
He has missed City 's last two matches with suspension but is set to return against Barnsley after the international break .
It 's not the first time Everton have been credited with interest in Bryan after the Mirror reported that Newcastle , the Toffees and Brighton were all interested during January .
However , City had no plans to sell any of their key players in the last window with promotion to the Premier League possible .
The summer could be a different story as the club look to balance their books and a fee of around £7million could be enough to land the 24-year-old .
The Inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th American President has taken on a truly morbid tone as the performers for the Radio City Rockettes thought they were going to be forced to perform at Trump 's ceremony on January 20 . As it so happens , the Rockettes found out just a few days before Christmas that they had been booked to perform at the Donald Trump inauguration ceremony and the news was enough to bring them to tears during a performance at their Christmas Spectacular , a world famous event . When Marie Claire caught up to one of the performers for the show , only cited as “ Mary , ” they got some insight into what it meant to them if they were forced to perform for Donald Trump . Mary , although she had not been in tears at the moment , was standing next to a female performer who had tears staining her face while she hit her marks during the performance , although clearly distraught . Donald Trump , your website user experience makes me sad — by @ llessurnivek https : //t.co/w2b1UFdfQa pic.twitter.com/1GjiNP86uw — Pixel Perfect HTML ( @ PixelPerfectHTM ) December 23 , 2016 Mary told them that they all felt as though they were going to be forced to perform for a “ monster. ” Mary , along with other performers with the Rockettes , expressed their sincere concern about being forced to stand next to Donald Trump in their costumes , which are somewhat provocative and some might say that it would cause a sexual predator to act out on his illness . “ If I had to lose my job over this ( refusing to perform for Donald Trump ) , I would , ” Mary told Marie Claire . “ It 's too important . And I think the rest of the performing arts community would happily stand behind me. ” What Mary described about her fellow performers is that they are all distraught because they were afraid they were going to lose their jobs if they refused to perform . Since the interview with Mary has taken place though , the Radio City Rockettes management , Madison Square Garden Company , have come out with a statement and said that they would not force their performers to do something they did not want to do , thus giving them a free pass to opt-out of the performance at Donald Trump 's inauguration . “ The Radio City Rockettes are proud to participate in the 58th Presidential Inaugural [ of Donald Trump ] , ” the statement said . “ For a Rockette to be considered for an event , they must voluntarily sign up and are never told they have to perform at a particular event , including the inaugural . It is always their choice . In fact , for the coming inauguration , we had more Rockettes request to participate than we have slots available . We eagerly await the inaugural celebrations. ” The statement seemed to have an ominous tone to it , like they were insinuating that their girls all wanted to perform at the show . But nevertheless , they excused any performers , such as Mary , from performing at the event should they not want to . “ This is where it gets tricky , ” Mary told Marie Claire . “ Thirteen girls are full-time year-round Rockettes , and they sign a contract saying that aside from approved vacation time , they will be available to do any and all work . The rest of us are seasonally contracted : 80 dancers , two casts of 40 women each. ” The Rockettes will be ‘ forced ' to perform at Donald Trump 's inauguration , reports claim https : //t.co/Avjr9mWs9C pic.twitter.com/F0s88q8sdc — The new US policy ( @ ThenewUSpolicy1 ) December 23 , 2016 So according to Mary , the contract performers on the Rockettes show got an e-mail that basically excuses their absence from the Donald Trump inauguration , which simply asked what their availability was . But the full time performers got a very different e-mail that gave them the details of the Donald Trump Inauguration ceremony , but did not give them the option to opt-out of the show . It is unclear at this time if the statement released by Madison Square Garden Company is a blanket statement for all performers or if the full-time performers would be forced to play at the Inauguration of Donald Trump . [ Featured Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images ]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
On Sunday the Solano College baseball team defeated Sierra of Rocklin , 13-8 , as the Falcons scored five runs in the 10th inning to grab a victory .
Solano ( 3-2 ) was led by American Canyon High graduate Nate Gutierrez , who got two doubles , while Bethel High graduate Kenny Quilatan had a pinch-hit , two-run single to tie the game in the eighth inning .
American Canyon High graduate Jared Denning was 1-for-4 . Cody Gregory was 3-for-4 . Cody Morrow got his first win out of the bullpen .
It 's supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year .
But for those who are grieving the loss of a loved one , the holidays can be anything but jolly .
According to Woodstock grief specialists Vicki Travnicek and Nicole Bruder of the Surviving Suicide Grief Support Group there are a number of strategies that can help you navigate through your loss .
“ It can almost be a panic situation , and you have to make a plan as to what your tolerance is , ” Travnicek said . “ You may want to limit or lessen the events you attend . ”
Being around family can be tough , so make sure you “ have an exit plan . ”
“ Be honest with your hosts and let them know you are ok but you need to leave , ” she said .
Bruder advises if you are grieving not to be afraid to feel your emotions .
“ Say your loved one 's name , share memories of them , ” she said .
And always remember to “ be patient with yourself . ”
“ Treat yourself to anything that will make you feel good , such as a massage or pedicure , ” Bruder said .
Bruder explains in light of the new set of circumstances those should n't “ be afraid to create a new holiday tradition . ”
“ Hang an ornament , light a special candle , ” she said . “ Purchase a gift for a loved one and give it to someone in needs .
“ But also keep some of the old traditions because that keeps your loved one alive . ”
Travnicek , who lost two brothers to suicide , explained the former Suicide Bereavement Support Group has been meeting and helping people deal with their suicide grief for 20 years .
The group has been meeting at Smith Leroy since May 2017 .
“ We have many new survivors come to receive and to give support , ” Travnicek said . “ The group is facilitated by peer volunteers and meets twice monthly on the first and third Tuesday of the month . ”
Surviving Suicide Grief Support Group is led by people touched by suicide who are trained in Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training , SafeTALK and Grief and Bereavement
It starts again in January at Smith-Leroy Funeral Home and continues on the first and third Tuesday of the month , from 7 to 8:30 p.m. Register beforehand by calling 519-537-3611 .
There also grieving groups for all those grieving all types of deaths including one entitled “ Understanding Your Grief , ” which begins in Woodstock on April 4 and will be held at the Oxford County Community Health Centre .
There is also an eight-week “ Healing Journey Through Grief ” program starting in Ingersoll at Henderson Hall from Feb. 1 to March 22 . To register call 519-485-1802 .
HRivers @ postmedia.com
Steve Edwards , who has served as the anchor of Fox 11 's “ Good Day L.A. ” for more than two decades and has been a fixture in L.A.-area TV since the '70s , is out at the morning news show .
A spokesperson said Edwards is “ no longer employed by KTTV , ” the station that hosts the Los Angeles-based Fox 11 , but declined to provide further details . According to a report from FTV Live , Edwards was fired after sexual harassment allegations were made against him . FTV Live was also the first to report that New director Kris Knutsen announced to staff that Edwards was no longer with the station .
Edwards has hosted “ Good Day L.A. ” since 1995 . He was already a presence in local L.A. television , however , and has hosted shows including KCBS-TV 's “ Two on the Town , ” KABC-TV 's “ AM Los Angeles , ” and “ The Steve Edwards Show . ”
Edwards has earned several Los Angeles-area Emmys , got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2004 , and accepted the Governor 's Award at the 62nd annual L.A. Emmys . He first started working at KCBS-TV Los Angeles in 1978 . Before moving to Los Angeles , he worked multiple television and radio jobs in Houston and Chicago , originally getting his start at a Houston radio station in the late 1960s .
This 2017 photo provided by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation shows Steven Joshua Wiggins after he was arrested in Williamson County . Wiggins is a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff 's deputy on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Authorities believe him to be `` armed and dangerous . '' ( Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via AP )
Miles Bridges ( 22 ) , Matt McQuaid ( 20 ) and the Michigan State men 's basketball team are ranked No . 2 in this week 's Associated Press Top 25 . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
Villanova is the new No . 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost .
The Wildcats ( 10-0 ) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State , which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second . They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No . 1 Duke 's weekend loss at Boston College .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . The Sun Devils ( 9-0 ) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No . 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season .
The Jayhawks fell to No . 13 after two losses .
2017-18 MICHIGAN STATE BASKETBALL SCHEDULE
Michigan State ( 9-1 ) has won eight straight since its 88-81 loss to then-No . 1 Duke in the Champions Classic on Nov. 14 in Chicago , including resounding victories over North Carolina and Notre Dame . MSU won both of its games last week , at Rutgers ( 62-52 ) and at home against Southern Utah ( 88-63 ) .
Michigan State takes on Oakland on Saturday at Little Caesars Arena , part of a college hoops doubleheader with Michigan and Detroit Mercy .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British police declared a major incident after finding a man and a woman in a critical condition who may have been exposed to an unknown substance near the southern English town of Salisbury .
Police in Wiltshire , where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March , said a man and a woman were found unconscious on Saturday in Amesbury .
“ Wiltshire Police and partners have this evening declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury , ” police said late on Tuesday .
The pair , both in their 40s , were initially believed to have taken heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs . They are being treated at Salisbury District Hospital , which remains open as usual , police said .
“ However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident , ” police said .
“ At this stage it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed . A police investigation has been established . In addition , a full multi-agency response has been co-ordinated . ”
Amesbury lies seven miles ( 11 kms ) to the north of Salisbury , where the Skripals were found slumped unconscious on a bench on March 4 .
Police said sites in both Amesbury and Salisbury that they believed the man and woman found in Amesbury had frequented would be cordoned off as a precaution .
A Public Health England ( PHE ) spokesman said there was not a significant risk to the wider public .
The Internet is a sick and twisted place , but sometimes genius prevails .
The latest example comes from world renowned graphic designer Butcher Billy . This time around , he took all of your favorite love songs , ranging from Hall and Oates ' “ Maneater ” to Joy Division 's “ Love Will Tear Us Apart ” to Tears for Fears ' “ Head Over Hells ” , and reimagined them as books and movies by Maine 's most celebrated author Stephen King .
His explanation is quite simple :
“ This series imagines an alternate universe in which some of the most hopeless , desperate and tragic heartbreak songs of the 70 's and 80 's were actually novels written by Stephen King . The concept is to look at the dark side of love through the lenses of pop culture , bringing twisted aspects of his classic stories to play with the original meanings of the songs – that can be completely subverted or strangely emphasized , while paying tribute to the vintage design of the original book covers . ”
To go the extra nostalgic mile , he even re-conceptualized a few of them as film adaptations . Check out the full gallery below and head over here to order prints and t-shirts . ( We have a feeling these will be all the Rage at festivals this year . ) And while you 're at it , be sure to follow our own King podcast The Losers ' Club by subscribing now on iTunes .
Winners of AGF Junior Trophy International Tournament awarded in Baku ( PHOTO )
2018-04-24 15:44 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku , Azerbaijan , April 24
By Anvar Mammadov – Trend :
Baku hosted a ceremony of awarding the winners of the clubs and ribbon exercises at the Azerbaijan Gymnastics Federation ( AGF ) Junior Trophy International Tournament on April 24 .
The winner gymnasts were awarded by Secretary General of the Azerbaijan Gymnastics Federation Nurlana Mammadzade , Director of the Competitions Natalya Bulanova , Director of the Baku Gymnastics School Khagani Farajov and Coaches of the Azerbaijani gymnastics team Yasena Stoyneva , Vafa Bakarova and Meyla Basriyeva .
The second day of the Azerbaijan Gymnastics Federation ( AGF ) Junior Trophy International Tournament kicked off at the National Gymnastics Arena in Baku on April 24 .
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair is resting after undergoing surgery on Monday , according to a statement by his representatives that was obtained by the Associated Press .
The statement did not give details about the surgery . Flair has been placed in a medically induced coma before surgery , a WWE representative confirmed to ESPN earlier Monday .
Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend . After initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue , a representative for Flair has made a plea for public support .
Melinda Morris Zanoni , the CEO of Legacy Talent and Entertainment , tweeted out the latest on Flair 's situation late Sunday night .
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair ? If so , we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 - MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 14 , 2017
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet , Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning for heart-related issues , with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved `` routine monitoring . '' PW Insider 's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta .
Flair , 68 , has spent the past five decades in the world of professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business . His popularity and personality have transcended into the world of professional sports on many occasions , with athletes recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair himself often called on to serve as a motivational speaker .
FILE - In this March 2 , 2017 , file photo , Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington , where he said he will recuse himself from a federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 White House election . President Donald Trump , still nursing resentment against Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation , says he wishes he 'd picked a different leader of the Justice Department . Susan Walsh , File AP Photo
…while production of other minerals decline
TSHIAMO TABANE
Latest data from the statistics agency , Statistics Botswana shows that Botswana recorded an increase in diamond and coal production during the second quarter of 2017 , while production of other minerals continued to shrink .
According to Statistics Botswana 's mining production report released last week year-on-year production of minerals increased by 1.5 percent and the quarter-on-quarter analysis reflects an increase of 13.2 percent .
Statistics Botswana stated that the leading contributor to the increase in mining production was diamonds contributing 11.1 percentage points to the overall increase . The statistics agency has indicated that diamond production recorded an increase of 12.6 percent during the second quarter of 2017 when compared to the second quarter of 2016 and added that the quarter-on-quarter analysis shows that diamond production increased by 13.2 percent as compared to the previous quarter .
“ This increase was largely due to the improved trading environment and international demand for diamonds , ” said Statistics Botswana , following the recent De Beers outlook which indicated that Botswana 's market for diamonds is expanding as an increased number of women occupying more senior positions in the workplace are buying more diamond jewelry for themselves in recognition of their achievements or simply because they want and they can . Following De Beers ' outlook that the expanding diamond jewelry consumer market in the US , China , India and Japan could boost demand for rough diamonds from Botswana , the statistics office indicated Debswana 's Orapa plant which was previously under partial care and maintenance resumed diamond production due to the improving trading conditions .
Statistics Botswana Statistician General Annah Majelantle noted that coal also recorded an increase in production during Q1 2017 . “ Coal production recorded the highest increase since the third quarter of 2014 , increasing by 63.9 percent in the second quarter of 2017 as compared to the corresponding quarter of 2016 and the quarter-on-quarter analysis shows an increase of 17.2 percent . “ The increase in coal production was as a result of Botswana Power Corporation increased uptake at Morupule B Power plant , ” said Majelantle .
Majelantle indicated that although mining production improved during Q1 2017 , production of other minerals such as salt , soda ash and gold decreased marginally off-setting growth in the mining sector . Gold production declined by 14.5 percent in the second quarter of 2017 as compared to production during the same quarter of 2016 and production decreased despite the slight improvement in gold prices .
Soda Ash production registered a decrease of 25.2 percent during the second quarter of 2017 when compared to the same quarter of 2016 and the quarter-on-quarter comparisons reflects a decrease of 12.7 percent . Salt production recorded a decrease of 28.3 percent in the second quarter of 2017 when compared to the second quarter of 2016 with the quarter-on-quarter comparison showing a decrease of 11.8 percent . Statistics Botswana has indicated that the decline for both soda ash and salt was mainly due to the plant refurbishment which resulted in low production during the month of May .
Copper-Nickel-Cobalt Matte , Silver and Copper in Concentrates recorded zero production during the period under review .
Gold production declined by 26.0 percent in the first quarter of 2017 when compared to the same quarter of 2016 and this decline was as a result of unstable commodity prices , according to the statistics office . When compared to 2016 fourth quarter gold production during the first quarter of 2017 decreased by 37.2 percent . Statistics Botswana has indicated that a decrease of 39.0 percent in Soda Ash production was registered during Q1 2017 when compared to the same quarter of 2016 and quarterly comparisons reflects a decrease of 52.4 percent . According to the agency salt production recorded a decrease of 31.7 percent in the first quarter of 2017 when compared to the first quarter of 2016 .
× Report : Marshall Faulk accused of sexual harassment at NFL Network
ST. LOUIS – Former Rams running back and NFL Hall of Famer Marshall Faulk has been suspended from the NFL Network amid allegations of sexual harassment by a coworker .
According to a report in Bloomberg Business , Faulk is one of several retired players and studio analysts to be suspended .
The allegations , made by a wardrobe stylist at NFL Network , were part of a lawsuit filed against the National Football League .
The accuser said the former players would routinely send her inappropriate pictures , videos , and text messages , and that she had to routinely deal with sexual advances and other misconduct , including groping .
Faulk , along with NFL analysts Heath Evans and Ike Taylor , were suspended pending the result of an investigation . Donovan McNabb was named in the lawsuit but has not yet been suspended .
A former NFL executive was also named in the lawsuit and accused of similar behavior .
By Karen Stokes
More than 100 residents , police , and elected officials attended a town hall meeting Wednesday night at the Wisconsin Black Historical Society to contribute to a discussion on the selection of the Milwaukee Police Department ( MPD ) Chief of Police .
Current Chief of Police , Edward Flynn , 69 , announced his retirement earlier this month . His retirement is set for Feb. 16 .
“ This is a historic moment , ” said Fred Royal , NAACP Milwaukee president . “ I do n't know if you understand the impact of what 's going on here tonight . The Fire and Police Commission are exercising their statutory authority in asking for our input in selecting our next chief of police . ”
Concerns of trust , community relations and race relations were major topics of discussion .
“ Bring back the trust and a good leader for the community and the MPD , ” said panelist MPD Detective , Alexander Ayala .
“ The next police chief should be someone trusted by community and internal staff , ” echoed and panelist retired MPD Captain , Regina Howard . “ We need a police chief that listens , shows respect and treats people with dignity . ”
The Town Hall Meeting was hosted by the Join the Community Coalition for Quality Policing ( CC4QPC ) and LISC Milwaukee and moderated by Royal and LISC Milwaukee Executive Director , Donsia Strong Hill .
Ayala and Howard were joined on the panel by Michael Crivello , President , Milwaukee Police Association ; Marisabel Cabrera , Commissioner , Fire and Police Commission and Jamaal Smith , Racial Justice Community Engagement Manager , YMCA Southeast Wisconsin .
“ We need a leader that can mediate between the community and the department , ” said Smith . “ We want a chief who lives in the city , someone from the community . ”
“ When their family lives in the city , they are more committed , ” Howard said . When asked what was the first thing the new chief should tackle , Crivello replied , “ The new chief has to identify our successes and find ways to build on those , at the same time see where we have failed . The last Chief came to us and quickly began to slash portions of our department , building off of his experimental process which actually caused this city great harm . ”
Racism in the city was a topic that surfaced several times during the meeting . A question on how should the new chief defend minorities against racism in the department was asked and Smith responded .
“ The first thing I have to say is to acknowledge that racism is a problem , is a start . We ca n't continue to act as if what has happened in our community is not a result of systemic oppression and institutional racism , ” said Smith . “ Milwaukee is the third worst city for Black Americans in the country . If you 're not going to see that is a problem , you 're not going to get a solution . ”
The process for the interim chief candidates is for internal members to apply . Interviews will be conducted this week . Some questions from the town hall will be included in the interview .
There will be a public hearing on Feb. 8th at City Hall to give the public an opportunity to ask questions to the finalist .
“ We will be here to observe how they interact with the public and how they respond to their questions , ” Cabrera said .
The Fire and Police Commission will appoint the interim chief Feb. 15 . The commission is looking to appoint a permanent replacement for police chief later this year .
