The feature starts rolling out today for US users only , and YouTube cautions that there may be bumps in the road to its implementation : `` We do n't expect it to be perfect , '' the release said . Eventually , the company plans to expand this feature . In the meantime , users can use the `` send feedback '' option to flag imperfect implementation .
As the landscape between online news and ads becomes more muddled , increasing transparency is an important step to take . Both Twitter and Facebook have put regulations into place that require people who run political ads to disclose who is behind them . It 's good that YouTube is taking action as well .
DiGenova has strongly touted Trump 's claim that the Russia investigation is tainted by bias , with the lawyer telling Fox News in January that there is a secret `` brazen plot '' by the FBI to `` illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and , if she did n't win the election , to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime . ''
`` The motive would be that they did n't like Donald Trump , they did n't think that he was fit to be president , and they were going to do everything within their power to exonerate Hillary Clinton , and if she lost to frame Donald Trump with a false crime , because they did n't think he should be president , '' diGenova told the network at the time .
The news comes as Mueller was directly targeted by Trump , who called out the special counsel by name for the first time on Twitter over the weekend and on Monday .
The president characterized Mueller 's Russia investigation as a `` WITCH HUNT ! ” and said the probe `` should never have been started '' because it was `` based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC , and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign . ''
DiGenova declined to comment . His addition to Trump 's legal team was first reported by The New York Times .
PM tells opposition and leftist media not to celebrate criminal investigation against him , since it will come to nothing .
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu told opposition MKs and left-wing media pundits who hope that the current investigation against him will remove him from office to hold off on the celebrations at a Likud faction meeting Monday .
Netanyahu opened the meeting by remembering former Justice Minister Prof. Yaakov Neeman , who passed away Sunday .
`` Yaakov Neeman was a learned man . He was always reading at Cabinet meetings . He would read the Bible or the Talmud . '' Netanyahu recalled . He quoted Neeman as saying `` I divide the day between the mundane and the eternal . ''
Netanyahu also praised the decision of the Knesset Ethics Committee to suspend Balad MK Basel Ghattas from the Knesset for 6 months for smuggling mobile phones to terrorists in Israeli prisons . He called for the committee to take further action against Ghattas .
`` I welcome the decision of the Ethics Committee regarding Ghattas , but it is not enough . I do n't believe that anyone who gives support to terrorists should receive a salary . '' he said .
Netanyahu discussed the investigation against him towards the end of the meeting . `` I see the spirit of celebration in the television studios . '' He warned those hoping fr his downfall not to celebrate prematurely . `` Wait with the celebrations ; do n't hurry . '' he said , adding : `` There will be nothing , because there is nothing . ''
Emergency crews were called out to the Boshkung lake in Algonquin Highlands at 9:20pm Friday night after police say a side by side vehicle had gone through the ice . OPP say a male drive and three male passengers had entered the water and were able to extricate themselves and made their way towards shore . Officers determined the 35 year drive had been drinking and was served with a 3-day driver 's license suspension.No injuries were reported
Daniel Cormier knew exactly what he was doing with his post fight speech after submitting Anthony “ Rumble ” Johnson at UFC 210 in Buffalo .
As soon as Cormier finished celebrating his victory , he turned his attention to British slugger Jimi Manuwa , who was sitting cage side , before then addressing longtime rival Jon Jones , who also happened to be in attendance for the fight .
By taking aim at both Manuwa and Jones , Cormier already started promotion on two possible matchups when he returns to action later this year .
In a perfect world , Cormier would prefer facing Jones to avenge the only loss of his professional career , but he 's also heard that the former champion might be interested in a tune-up fight before facing him with the title on the line .
If that 's the case , Cormier is more than happy to offer a shot to Manuwa , who was very vocal about a shot at the title while sitting cage side in Buffalo .
“ I do n't know what 's going to happen if [ Jon Jones ] is going to get an immediate title shot . I do n't know if he 's going to fight someone else . If he 's going to be comfortable fighting for the belt right away . I do n't know , ” Cormier told FOX Sports . “ So if he ai n't available , the next guy is Jimi Manuwa .
“ Jimi Manuwa does n't get to come and sit there and watch the fights cage side and do n't get anything . ”
Zuffa LLC via Getty Images/Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC
Cormier 's attack on Manuwa was definitely calculated and he says he gave the British slugger more fame in that exchange than he 's enjoyed during his entire career in the UFC .
For one night only , Cormier claims he made Manuwa relevant while giving him the experience of a lifetime as he sat just a few feet away from a championship bout .
“ Jimi got the ultimate experience . We call it a night at the top , ” Cormier explained . “ He got to pretend for a night . He got a night at the top like he really matters . He got to sit next to the Octagon , watch very intently , got yelled at by the champ .
“ There you go Jimi , that 's your fan experience . The night at the top . That 's what we gave Jimi Manuwa last week . ”
Zuffa LLC via Getty Images
While there 's still no word on whether or not Jones will ultimately face Cormier in his return to action after his suspension is lifted in July after serving a year out of the sport after testing positive for a banned substance in 2016 , Manuwa certainly appears more than willing to face the champion in his next title defense .
Cormier and Manuwa even got into a war of words over social media on Monday while jabbing back and forth at each other about the proposed fight .
Have u lost ur mind . I was working last weekend . But immediately said yes jimi can get it . Ur a bum ! U wo n't see the 2nd round https : //t.co/dOXjPuyNn5 — Daniel Cormier ( @ dc_mma ) April 17 , 2017
Wow I get on here and ur yapping ur mouth this morning . Let 's make a deal . No wrestling , no kicking . I 'll beat u str8 boxing chump ! https : //t.co/UtMbfEwJc2 — Daniel Cormier ( @ dc_mma ) April 17 , 2017
Maybe I 'll do this to you jimi . Good morning haha pic.twitter.com/KKt3anRHIz — Daniel Cormier ( @ dc_mma ) April 17 , 2017
I 'm not trying to catch anything . Let 's go ! I wan na fight you ! Jones needs to get his sea legs back . Where 's the contract . This light work https : //t.co/GIiBKUTCmN — Daniel Cormier ( @ dc_mma ) April 17 , 2017
As much as Manuwa has been pounding the drum to get the next shot at the champion , Cormier promises that the heavy-handed Brit will not enjoy the result once he steps into the Octagon with the best in the world .
“ Jimi needs to calm down . Jimi needs to quiet down before he gets it . Jimi needs to shut his mouth before he gets what he 's asking for and when he gets what he 's asking for it 's very unpleasant , ” Cormier said . “ He does not want this . He really does not want what he thinks he 's asking for .
“ He goes “ one shot ” , well what if you do n't get a chance to land one shot ? I might not not even take Jimi Manuwa down . I might just knock his ass out like I was going to do “ Rumble ” before he started wrestling me last weekend . “ Rumble ” was the one who started wrestling me , I was going to try to knock him out . ”
For now , Cormier is going to enjoy some time off while preparing for his wedding in May but it sounds like he 's definitely ready to book his next fight sooner rather than later .
Filing your taxes may be the worst , but there 's a light at the end of the tunnel on April 18– and that light could be coming from your favorite restaurant or food shop .
Even if you do n't get a mega refund on Tax Day , there are plenty of places that want to put a smile on your face with some free or discounted grub . Here 's a list of 7 of the top spots to celebrate paying off Uncle Sam .
Bob Evans is offering 30 percent off your entire dine-in or takeout meal with a coupon good on Tax Day . The promotion can be used on April 18 only .
Boston Market gets into the swing of Tax Day every year with their annual $ 10.40 daily special . Get a half chicken individual meal with two sides and cornbread , plus a fountain drink and cookie for $ 10.40 .
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
Bruegger 's Bagels started their deal early . From April 12 – 19 , the bagel spot is offering a “ big bagel bundle ” for $ 10.40 . To get the deal , go to Bruegger 's Tax Day page , fill out the online form and a coupon will be emailed to you . The bundle includes a choice of any 13 bagels , along with two tubs of any cream cheese flavor .
Hot Dog on a Stick is giving away one free Original Turkey Dog on Tax Day , with no purchase required .
Noodles & Company is offering $ 4 off any $ 10 purchase placed through order.noodles.com using the code TAXDAY17 at checkout . The weeklong Tax Day promotion runs from April 12 through the 18th .
REHEATING PIZZA ? DO N'T BOTHER WITH THE MICROWAVE OR OVEN
Schlotzsky 's Deli is giving away one small sandwich with the purchase of a medium drink and chips on April 18 at participating deli locations nationwide .
McDonald 's in select regions is offering customers a super-cheap deal on a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder for just 1cent ( you read that right , just $ 0.01 ) when you purchase one of those sandwiches at the regular price on April 18 .
It was an early morning start for a small group of Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Kawakawa Mai Tawhiti students from the small settlement of Wharekāhika ( Hicks Bay ) on the East Coast , who are making their way to Auckland to take part in the Ki-o-rahi National competition .
Hosted by Te Kura Māori o Ngā Tapuwae , the 2017 National Ki-o-rahi competition will be held over two days , 19-20th April at Barry Curtis Park in Flatbush , South Auckland .
After competing in the regional Te Tai Rāwhiti tournament , the team qualified for the nationals after placing second and taking one of three spots available for their region alongside Uawa and Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Te Waiū .
Since splitting from the Gisborne regional competition three years ago , Kawakawa Mai Tawhiti has qualified every year .
The seven and a half hour road trip is just part of the journey to get to the nationals . The students , ages 14 to 17 , with the help of whānau and supporters , fundraised their trip by hosting a sports day for kura in their area , as well as holding hangi , cake stalls and raffles . Their coach Taiarahia Melbourne generously sponsored the team 's hoodies .
Ki-o-rahi is a traditional Māori ball sport , a fast-paced game played on a circular field over 4 quarters , between two teams it incorporates skills similar to Touch Rugby and Netball . The game is played with varying rules ( number of players , field size and tag ripping rules ) depending on the area that it is played in . Divided into zones , teams score points by touching the 'pou ' ( boundary markers ) and hitting a central 'tupu ' or target .
Twenty teams will take part in the tournament and all will be hoping to take home the prestigious honour of being crowned national champions .
To learn more about Ki-o-rahi click here
Photo courtesy of Anne Abraham
The boy who shocked the world
It has been a year since starving Saleem became the face of Yemen 's suffering . But where is he now ?
WILDWOOD , N.J. — Police in a New Jersey beach town have released body camera footage showing the violent arrest of a Philadelphia woman accused of underage drinking over the Memorial Day weekend .
A bystander posted video online showing a Wildwood police officer punching Emily Weinman in the head during the Saturday arrest . The 20-year-old woman faces several charges , including aggravated assault on a police officer .
The body camera footage released on Wednesday shows an officer as he confronts and argues with Weinman over the discovery of alcoholic iced tea drinks in her possession . Wildwood officials say the videos show Weinman assaulting the officers first .
Police have identified the officers involved as Thomas Cannon , John Hillman and Robert Jordan .
Weinman 's lawyer say the videos show police overreacted .
Interest Successfully Added
We 'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest ?
Get the Better newsletter .
Hitting a major goal or completing a long-term project brings with it a tremendous sense of satisfaction , as well as an almost inevitable letdown . You put your all into something , but what happens when that sense of urgency is gone or life gets in the way once you let your guard down ?
On February 1 , 2018 , I completed my year-long project to adhere to the federal Physical Activity Guidelines and Dietary Guidelines with the support of the Science & Research Team of the American Council on Exercise ( ACE ) .
I woke that morning elated about having finished a task that had become my driving focus each and every day for the previous year . I had achieved a level of health and fitness that seemed extremely unlikely just 12 months earlier . And I had learned to live a life that made me not only healthier and more active , but genuinely happier .
I was thrilled .
I was also ready for a break .
While I certainly planned on maintaining a healthy nutrition and physical-activity program going forward , I simply needed a break from being so disciplined . While I certainly planned on maintaining a healthy nutrition and physical-activity program going forward , I simply needed a break from being so disciplined .
The physical effort involved in the project left me drained . For a year , I recorded every minute of physical activity . I logged every piece of fruit and cup of dairy . I tracked the color of every veggie I ate . While I certainly planned on maintaining a healthy nutrition and physical-activity program going forward , I simply needed a break from being so exacting and disciplined in every aspect of my lifestyle .
My plan was to continue following the rules I had learned , but to prepare my food without a kitchen scale or measuring cup in sight — and maybe visit a few restaurants that I had been avoiding .
I also wanted to maintain the fitness regimen that had kept me progressing ( and pain-free ) for the previous year . That said , I would give myself some leeway to skip a workout here or there .
One month of loosening the reigns and then I 'd get back on track and regain the discipline that allowed my success in the first place . That was the plan .
But you know what they say about plans .
On literally the last night of that month , as my wife and I were getting ready for bed , our son yelled from downstairs , “ Do you guys hear water running ? ”
By the time we found the leaking pipe and turned the water off , water had destroyed an entire bathroom and the carpet on the second floor , and had run through the ceiling and walls enough to destroy most of the kitchen and the hardwood on the first floor .
To make a long , painful story short , after spending more than 40 of the next 60 nights in a hotel , my eating habits were as much of a wreck as my house , and my workout routine had been completely dismantled .
That 's how I found myself only 90 days removed from one of the biggest achievements of my life , 8 or 10 pounds heavier and decidedly off track .
So now what ?
No matter why you may have lapsed in your efforts , whether it was illness , injury or the plumbing gods sending a flood to mock your best-laid plans , there are strategies you can use to get back on top of your game .
Remember that You 've Been Successful Before
One of the best predictors of a person 's ability to adhere to a nutrition plan or physical-activity program in the future is having done so successfully in the past . Fortunately , I have a lot of knowledge and experience to fall back on .
I now not only know what I need to do to change my lifestyle , but I also have recent experience in establishing and maintaining the habits required for success .
The biggest difference between the current me and the version of me from just 15 months ago is this : I know what to do . And I know that I can do it .
Reach out to Your Support Network
Another predictor of adherence to lifestyle change is the presence of a reliable social-support network . I reached out to those people who helped me the first time around and re-enlisted their support . I talked to my wife about cooking healthier dinners and buying fewer high-sugar snacks , and I called my hiking partners to set up a schedule to hit the trails at least once a week .
If you find yourself in the same situation , think about the people who positively influenced your efforts and make them aware that you could use their help in recommitting to a healthy lifestyle .
Reestablish Old Habits , but Start Slowly
As I write this , I 've been back in my home for about two weeks . I 'm easing back into my workout routine and eating much healthier . I 've gone for a few hikes and have been taking the dog for a couple of walks each day . I 'm feeling better already and am I looking forward to reestablishing the important habits that I had let slip .
You might feel a drive , as I did , to pick up right where you left off . However , that might prove to be a mistake , as you do n't want to push yourself too far too soon . Be patient , but persistent .
I know you can do it .
I 'm honored that NBC News BETTER invited me to share my journey with you through the completion of The Lifestyle Project and beyond , and now I want to hear from you . Do you have any strategies to share that helped you get back on track after some time off ? Tell me about them . Have questions about my journey ? Ask me on Twitter or follow me on Instagram .
MORE FROM DANIEL J . GREEN 'S INSPIRING WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY
Hyundai begins vehicle service clinic – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright EPA
Theresa May has been warned by a leading Eurosceptic that accepting EU trade rules and regulations would be `` the worst option '' for Brexit .
`` It 's hard to think of a worse idea , '' Jacob Rees-Mogg said .
He was speaking after about 50 Tory Brexiteers met the Conservative chief whip amid mounting unease about the Prime Minister 's new plan for customs after Brexit .
It was described as a tense meeting , the BBC 's Norman Smith said .
Mrs May is trying to find an arrangement to unite her cabinet when ministers gather at her country retreat , Chequers , on Friday .
The UK is leaving the EU in March 2019 , but has yet to agree how it will trade with the remaining EU members - who are part of a single market and a customs union - in years to come .
Some former Remain campaigners want the government to pursue close ties to the EU to avoid barriers to trade with Europe - but Eurosceptics say the UK needs freedom to set its own independent trade policy .
After two alternative models for customs were criticised , Downing Street has come up with what it calls a `` third way '' solution to be presented on Friday , claiming it will offer `` the best of both worlds '' - frictionless trade with Europe and the freedom to strike international trade deals .
But speaking on the BBC 's Daily Politics , Mr Rees-Mogg hit out at suggestions the new arrangement could , in a bid to ensure smooth trading , involve a single market on goods with the EU and close alignment with its regulations .
Mr Rees-Mogg , who leads the pro-Brexit European Research Group of Tory MPs , said this would be a `` really foolish policy '' and `` would not be a sensible way to run our economy after we 've left the EU '' , adding : `` I wo n't be reassured until I know the details of what comes out of Friday one way or the other . ''
In an attempt to address concerns , Mrs May said at Prime Minister 's Questions the government would ensure `` we are out of the customs union , that we are out of the single market , that we are out of the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice , we are out of the Common Agricultural Policy , we are out of the Common Fisheries Policy , we bring an end to free movement , we take control of our borders , we have an independent trade policy '' .
Our YEP Jury have their say on Leeds Rhinos ' defeat at Catalans Dragons and ahead to tomorrow 's Challenge Cup quarter-final clash with Leigh Centurions .
GRAHAM POULTER
Catalans Dragons celebrate a try against Leeds Rhinos .
Every week I write my thoughts on Leeds Rhinos games and it is a case of deja vu : slow starts to games , playing in fits and starts , allowing the opposition to just do as they please without us laying a glove on them ; us not being aggressive or ruthless enough and when we do eventually get ourselves back into a game we can not keep our foot on the gas and cut off the oxygen of the opposition .
Another problem is the bad habit of giving away penalties , basically us giving the opposition endless open invitations to score at will against our soft defence .
Earlier in the season we raved about how good our defence was . A couple of weeks ago I said that we are n't that hot in attack or defence – when you look at the top six in the for and against column we 're poor on both fronts . I personally do n't believe that this group of players have it in them to take us forward , they give in far too easily for my liking . There is n't one leader amongst them that can grab the bull by the horns and shake them into life . Harsh words but true , time to stop mollycoddling them and face up to reality !
MATT FOWLER
Lucky for Leeds Rhinos the Super League is a play-off system and has been for 20 years . There is little doubt Leeds know how to play this system better than any other team so it was no real surprise that a very weakened team turned out against Catalans .
I have no issue with it , you play to the rules you are given at the start of the season . If this was a first past the post league then Leeds would approach games differently including pre-season .
The aim is to finish in the top four after 30 games , that is still possible , but it looks like it will be another rollercoaster season and a tough ask if we do n't turn the corner soon .
I can , however , understand fans wanting consistency . We are only consistent at slow starts this season .
This week it is sudden death in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup .
I expect players to return and Leeds to find a way past Leigh Centurions to be only 80 minutes from another Wembley final .
It 's never dull supporting Leeds .
CHRISTINE KIDD
Saturday 's defeat at Catalan Dragons was not a surprise for most supporters . I think the surprise would have been a Leeds Rhinos win !
For some reason Leeds are starting games really badly and by the time they decide to roll up their sleeves and start playing , like they obviously can , the game is already lost .
Rhinos then put in a good spell but if one or two things do n't go their way they take their foot off the gas and the opposition go on to win the game .
Yes , if the pass to Ryan Hall had gone to hand and Jodie Broughton had been sin-binned for a high tackle on Jack Walker the game may have had a different outcome .
There are a number of players out of contract at the end of this season and there is a lot of speculation in the rugby league press about which players may be leaving .
This must have some effect on the players in question . Maybe some announcements need to be made so that the players can concentrate on this season and ensure that we do n't finish in the bottom four for the second time in three years .
DIANNE HALL
I am running out of different things to say . On paper the team looked good with a mixture of experience and youth .
I was pleased to see the return of Jimmy Keinhorst and Jordan Lilley and they slotted in well .
Once we got possession of the ball we looked good , resulting in an ever-improving Ash Handley scoring our opening try .
However , we seemed to lose our way after that in the first half .
Later on in the game when we got to within three points and got a penalty in front of the sticks , I think we took the wrong option and decided to run the ball only to lose it early in the next set .
In hindsight if we had gone for goal and converted , we would have got within one point , got the ball back and maintained possession .
Little things like that can change a game .
Instead , Catalans scored off of the back of it and the game was lost .
It 's the Challenge Cup tomorrow , in my opinion our only hope of silverware this season . I hope I 'm wrong !
IAN SHARP
They say that size matters in some areas of life and it 's never more true than in rugby league .
With most of our “ big guys ” missing and the few that are left playing big minutes we are looking shattered after 25 minutes . Players give their all but it 's just a step too far .
Not replacing Keith Galloway has been a massive mistake , we have no-one that 's punching a hole in the middle for guys to run on too .
Another problem we seem to be having is not keeping a settled side . Josh Walters was having a storming season and as soon as a senior player is fit the kid gets dropped .
Then he 's expected to fit back in and play like he had been , and it 's never going to happen .
The game is full of ifs , buts and maybes but if that pass to Ryan Hall had stuck I think we would have gone on to win at Catalans .
Great to see Jimmy Keinhorst and Jordan Lilley back in the blue and amber .
I thought he kicked very well . it 's the Challenge Cup again tomorrow as we face Leigh Centurions at Featherstone . It 's a distraction from the poor league form .
ADAM ANDERSON
We could have pulled ourselves back into the top four race with a win against Catalans Dragons on Saturday following the defeats for Castleford Tigers and Hull FC , but it was n't to be .
It was yet another disappointing game from the Rhinos and our third Super League loss in a row . We had glimpses of good attack in the game , especially on the Ash Handley try .
We are missing quite a number of players but that ca n't be used as an excuse , the players in the squad were all around in 2016 and have the experience behind them .
Mikolaj Oledzki is looking the part week in , week out and it 's going to be tough for our forwards to take overtake him in the squad .
This week against Leigh in the Challenge Cup is going to be a tough one .
Leigh have lost just one game in 12 and beaten Super League opposition already . Hopefully , we can get into the Challenge Cup semi-finals .
I feel it 's the last chance of silverware now for the team this season .
NBC News ' Lester Holt will sit down for an exclusive interview with President Trump at the White House on Thursday , NBC has announced .
The wide-ranging interview will air on Thursday 's broadcast of `` NBC Nightly News , '' which Holt will anchor from Washington , D.C. Excerpts will also run on Friday morning 's `` TODAY . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed I Was Going to Fire Comey Anyway , Trump Tells Lester Holt in Interview 2:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Thursday 's interview will be Trump 's first sit down with Holt since the Nightly News anchor moderated the first presidential debate , and it comes amid the continuing controversy over Trump 's firing of FBI director James Comey .
On Tuesday , NBC announced Holt 's nightly broadcast had topped ratings across the board for the third straight week , averaging 7.7 million total viewers .
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws to a Baltimore Orioles batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore . Patrick Semansky AP Photo
10-man France down England in lively friendly
Ousmane Dembele scored the winner as 10-man France beat England 3-2 in an entertaining friendly on Tuesday .
Harry Kane had scored twice for the visitors and France 's Raphael Varane was sent off early in the second half .
Winger Dembele sealed the victory with an angled shot from inside the box 12 minutes from fulltime after being nicely set up by fellow youngster Kylian Mbappe .
England captain Kane put them ahead from close range from a low Ryan Bertrand cross before the 10-minute mark .
He leveled the game at 2-2 with a penalty kick early in the second half after Varane was sent off for bringing down Dele Alli in the box .
France had fought back to lead 2-1 at halftime , after defenders Samuel Umtiti and Djibril Sidibe each scored their first goal for their country .
The two efforts were similar , with Umtiti and Sidibe both following up to finish after saves by England goalkeeper Tom Heaton , first from an Olivier Giroud header , then from a shot by Dembele .
Kane , who struck the late equaliser in a 2-2 draw with Scotland in a World Cup qualifier on Saturday , has now scored 11 goals in his past five appearances for club and country combined .
It was not enough , however , to deny a spirited and daring French side .
“ We saw in that game the things we 're very good at and equally the things we need to get better at , like defending as a team and managing a result , ” England coach Gareth Southgate told a news conference .
France coach Didier Deschamps , who was criticised for conservative tactics in a 2-1 defeat by Sweden in a World Cup qualifier on Saturday , revamped his team .
He put exciting newcomers Mbappe , Thomas Lemar and Dembele in his starting line-up .
The trio gave the England defence a hard time on several occasions , notably Mbappe , who rattled the crossbar with a curled left-foot shot .
This was shortly before he set up Dembele for his maiden goal for France .
“ We scored a goal with 10 men against a good England side , which is quite an achievement , ” Deschamps told a news conference .
“ The players looked fresher and showed more initiative than against Sweden . ”
Tuesday 's match , which was attended by French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Theresa May , was the first senior England fixture with a video assistant referee .
He was consulted for Varane 's red-card offence and the penalty kick that resulted from it .
Prior to kick-off , fans at the Stade de France paid tribute to the victims of the recent militant attacks in Manchester and London .
The Oasis song “ Do n't Look Back in Anger ” rang out as the teams emerged from the tunnel , with fans holding up red and white placards to form the England flag . ( NAN )
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SHAWNEE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Shawnee County are investigating the theft of rifle and asking for help to identify the suspect .
On Monday , deputies released security camera images in an effort to identify the suspect , according to the Shawnee County Sheriff 's Department .
He is wanted for the theft of a Firingline CTMR 7.62×39 rifle .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Det . Myers at 785-251-2262 or ryan.myers @ snco.us
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
Really want it your way ?
When it comes to accessing the internet , Burger King 's latest social experiment is showing the fast-food company is in full support of net neutrality — the federal policy that requires all internet traffic to be treated equally by internet service providers .
A video released Wednesday and entitled , `` WHOPPER Neutrality , '' pranks real customers and aims to `` help people understand how the repeal of Net Neutrality will impact their lives , '' according to Burger King .
How would you explain the repeal of Net Neutrality ? We did it with the Whopper . Watch the video below : pic.twitter.com/9EWjtbenv8 — Burger King ( @ BurgerKing ) January 24 , 2018
The Federal Communications Commission voted in December to scrap the Obama-era net neutrality rules , marking a major victory for large internet service providers .
Essentially , the FCC 's decision could allow the service providers to create so-called fast and slow lanes for subscribers — and open up higher fees that could be passed down to users .
But some public officials , activists and tech companies , including Apple , Google and Amazon , have been in favor of keeping net neutrality rules in place , fearing that service providers could also block or slow access to certain websites .
Related : What 's next for net neutrality , and when will we see change ?
Comcast , one of the nation 's biggest service providers , has said it has `` no plans '' to create fast lanes and `` will not '' block or slow sites . ( Comcast is part of Comcast NBCUniversal , the owner of NBC News . )
It was n't immediately clear why Burger King has decided to take a side on the issue .
The fast-food chain previously went off-brand last fall in an anti-bullying video that also tricked real guests . In 2014 , the company also unveiled a Proud Whopper that was sold in San Francisco and came in a rainbow-colored wrapper that read : `` We are all the same inside . ''
The public are being asked to do a good deed on St Andrew 's Day to celebrate Scotland 's history , culture and the nation 's shared values .
The # BeLikeStAndrew campaign marks the start of Scotland 's Winter Festivals – which opens with St Andrew 's Day , followed by Hogmanay , and then Burns Night .
Charity partners Princes Trust Scotland , Chest , Heart & Stroke Scotland , Crisis Scotland , have joined the Scottish Rugby Union and Stoats to back the campaign .
Scotland 's Winter Festivals will see dozens of events and activities taking place across the country highlighting the best of music , arts and entertainment .
Minister for International Development and Europe Alasdair Allan said : “ Our patron saint , St Andrew , was known for being strong , sociable and fair , encouraging people to share what they had with those in need .
“ Celebrating St Andrew 's Day presents a powerful opportunity for people across Scotland to keep the spirit of St Andrew alive , by coming together and helping others within their community . ”
Jane-Claire Judson , chief executive of Chest , Heart & Stroke Scotland , said : “ Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland could not exist without the kindness and goodwill of the people in Scotland who donate their time , pre-loved possessions , and hard earned money to the charity. “
“ It can mean the difference between a life saved yet stalled and a life lived to the fullest , helping people to shape their future and live the lives they want to lead . ”
Helen Keenan , head of volunteers and secondments at Princes Trust Scotland , added : “ As part of the campaign we are encouraging people to become e-mentors with The Princes Trust . It is a great way to show kindness and to help make Scotland a more inclusive society just like St Andrew might do if he were around today . ”
Last November , Kris Kobach , the conservative firebrand who co-chairs the president 's voter fraud panel , walked into a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump with a proposal to `` Stop Aliens From Voting . ''
On Thursday , a federal judge ordered the release of that proposal and another memo advocating sweeping changes to the nation 's voter registration laws after Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state , fought vigorously for months to keep the documents from public scrutiny .
Kobach , according to the two unsealed documents , proposed that states require individuals to provide documents proving their U.S. citizenship when registering to vote by amending several sections of the 1993 National Voter Registration Act .
The documents give a glimpse into the hardline plan Kobach , a strict voter ID advocate , proposed to the president regarding voting rights , before Kobach joined the president 's Election Integrity Commission to examine nationwide voting issues .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The voter fraud lies keep coming 6:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The two documents were ordered released by U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson as part of a voting rights lawsuit filed in February 2016 by the American Civil Liberties Union .
The first document — titled “ Kobach Strategic Plan for First 365 Days '' — was heavily redacted , except for a section titled `` Stop Aliens From Voting , '' with a bullet point promoting the proof-of-citizenship requirements .
That document , presented to Trump last November , was photographed by The Associated Press .
This cropped and rotated clockwise image shows a document held by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach as he poses with Presient-elect Donald Trump at the clubhouse of the Trump International Golf Club , in Bedminster , N.J. Peter Foley / EPA
At the time , a zoomed-in image of the document revealed that the first bullet point was to reinstate an immigrant tracking system established in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks , with other portions covered by Kobach 's hand .
The second document detailed five amendments to the national voter registration law , which allows voters to register at motor vehicle offices , allowing a state to require `` any information '' from voters when registering .
Kobach proposed adding a new section to the law stating : “ Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a state from requiring documentary proof of citizenship from any applicant . ”
Kobach and his lawyers tried to prevent the release of the documents , arguing they were protected under attorney-client and executive privileges .
Dale Ho , the director of the ACLU 's Voting Rights Project , praised the unsealing and criticized Kobach 's proposals .
`` Kris Kobach is public enemy No . 1 when it comes to voter suppression in the country , which is why courts have repeatedly ruled against him , '' Ho said in a statement .
`` The documents unveiled today show that he wants to dismantle the motor-voter law and replicate his voter suppression practices — which have disenfranchised thousands of Kansans — around the country . ''
Kobach has been on a crusade in his home state to root out illegal voting , which experts say is rare ; he successfully lobbied the state Legislature in 2015 to become deputized to prosecute voter fraud cases .
In two years , he has had nine convictions , most of older individuals who had misunderstood their voting rights , and just one noncitizen .
Kobach , who is running for governor of Kansas , was tapped in May to co-chair the president 's voter fraud commission , which has received bipartisan backlash for requesting sensitive voter file data .
His office did not respond to a request for comment .
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Former President John Mahama
Former President John Mahama appears to have taken a swipe at his critics following the flak he received over the botched Kenya elections after arriving in Liberia , where he leads the ECOWAS observer mission to monitor the country 's election .
Upon arrival in Monrovia Thursday , Mahama told the Liberian media that he and the team will do everything in their power to ensure smooth elections but the greater responsibility lies on the citizenry to protect their democracy .
“ We are ready to work to ensure that the people of Liberia have a successful , free and fair election . The principal responsibility for good election is on the people themselves , how they participate in the process , how smooth the process will be and the work done by the electoral commission .
“ For us as election observers , we are here to make the people of Liberia know that the whole world is watching you and you must get this right . Liberia is one of Africa oldest democracies and we expect that Liberia would live up to expectation in terms of these elections . We are hoping that everyone will participate so that things will go well . We will do our part , the election observers are not magicians . It will take the collaboration of the Liberian people to make this election successful but we are willing to work with you to show the world that Liberia has risen to the occasion of democracy , ” Mahama said .
The general elections will be held on October 10 , 2017 . Voters will elect a new President and members of the House of representative .
The President is elected using the two-round system , whilst the 73 members of the House of Representatives are elected by first-past-the-post voting in single-member constituencies .
President Ellen Sirleaf is not contesting in the polls .
Below is the list of presidential hopefuls
-Joseph Boakai , vice-president since January 2006 .
-Charles Brumskine , leader of the Liberty Party and former President Pro Temp of the Senate [ 5 ]
-MacDella Cooper , philanthropist
-Alexander B. Cummings , former Executive Vice President and Chief -Administrative Officer of Coca-Cola
-Prince Johnson , former rebel leader
-Joseph Mills Jones , leader of the Movement for Economic Empowerment and former Governor of the Central Bank of Liberia
-Richard Miller , businessman
-Benoni Urey , businessman
-George Weah , former footballer who was defeated by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in the 2005 election ,
-MacDonald A. Wento , United People 's Party
-Jeremiah Whapoe , businessman
Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations .
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu 's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators ' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them .
Netanyahu has denied what he calls the “ baseless ” reports that he received gifts from two businessmen .
Israel 's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “ favors ” from businessmen in Israel and abroad . It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members . It said a criminal probe is expected next week .
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for his personal use .
Michigan State University 's longtime gymnastics coach announced her retirement on Tuesday , a day after she was suspended amid allegations that she brushed off complaints from a former athlete about a doctor at the center of a sex-abuse scandal .
Kathie Klages , who coached the Spartans women 's gymnastics team for 27 years , denied the accusations made in a series of civil court filings by former patients of Dr. Larry Nassar , who treated many of America 's Olympic gymnasts and is accused of molesting girls and young women under the guise of invasive medical examinations .
In a statement , Klages ' attorney said MSU gymnasts were her top priority and `` she would never do anything to put any of them in harm 's way . ''
`` Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat her team members . Had she ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar , she would have reacted immediately to protect her gymnasts . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed NOV. 23 : Olympic Gymnastics Doctor Arraigned for Sex Abuse 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Two weeks ago , Klages was named in court papers filed by a former gymnast who claimed that Nassar repeatedly molested her from 1997 to 1999 during invasive treatments while she was training in an MSU youth sports program .
The plaintiff , who is using a Jane Doe pseudonym , alleged that she went to Klages with her concerns about Nassar 's treatments and was told that she must be `` misunderstanding '' his procedures .
`` Klages explained that she had known Nassar for years and could not imagine him doing anything questionable , '' the complaint says .
`` Klages explained that she [ Klages ] could file something , but that it would have serious consequences for Plaintiff and for Nassar . This conversation left Plaintiff feeling intimidated , embarrassed , and scared , and caused Plaintiff to believe that nothing illegal or tortious was happening . ''
Related : Sex-Abuse Accusers Sue Gymnastics Doctor Larry Nassar
In a new round of court papers filed Tuesday , another former gymnast alleged that Klages asked her around the same time if Nassar was performing vaginal procedures on her . When the teenager said he was , Klages allegedly told her there was `` no reason to bring up Nassar 's conduct . ''
In the statement , Klages ' attorney said the coach is `` extremely distressed by the accusations '' and is fully cooperating in all investigations .
`` The underlying accusations involving Ms. Klages have been a serious distraction to her professional responsibilities and detrimental to her overall well-being . Her recent suspension as head coach is a consequence of that , '' the statement said .
`` Out of respect to the University and the gymnastics program in particular , Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone 's best interests for her to retire from her current position at MSU . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed September 2016 : Former USA Gymnastics Doctor Facing Dozens of Sexual Abuse Accusations 3:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nassar has been accused of molesting more than 60 former patients , including at least one Olympic medalist . The Michigan Attorney General charged him with abusing a family friend starting when she was 6 years old , and the feds hit him with child pornography charges .
Nassar , who is being held without bail , denies the allegations . His lawyers have said any procedures he performed were medically appropriate .
Michigan State fired him in the fall , and USA Gymnastics , the sport 's national governing body , ousted him as the team doctor in 2015 in response to unspecified `` athlete concerns . ''
Jennifer Garner posted a pic after a rough day being a parent . What credit card company is Garner a spokeswoman for ?
Showbiz Shelly is the entertainment reporter and co-host for The J Show on B96 Radio ( 96.3 FM ) . At 7:15 am , every weekday morning she also takes on listeners in a pop culture quiz : The Showbiz Shelly Smackdown . ...
Get the Mach newsletter .
Space tourism took another step closer to reality on Tuesday as Virgin Galactic 's VSS Unity spaceplane fired up its rocket motor and completed its second supersonic flight over the Mojave Desert in California .
The rocket fired for 31 seconds , propelling the sleek craft and its two pilots to a speed of Mach 1.9 ( almost twice the speed of sound , or about 1,500 miles per hour ) and a maximum altitude of 114,500 feet , Virgin Galactic said in a blog post .
`` Seeing Unity soar upwards at supersonic speeds is inspiring and absolutely breathtaking , '' Virgin Galactic 's founder , Richard Branson , said in the post . `` We are getting ever closer to realizing our goals . ''
Branson was on hand to witness the flight , which took place about two months after Unity completed its first rocket-powered flight on April 5 . That flight came about four years after the Oct. 31 , 2014 , crash of another Virgin Galactic spaceplane , which killed test pilot Michael Alsbury .
In Tuesday 's test , Unity and its pilots , Mark Stucky and Dave Mackay , were carried aloft beneath the wings of the company 's jet-powered `` mothership , '' Eve , before being released to fly on their own . The spaceplane climbed steeply before descending and landing safely at the Mojave Air and Spaceport in Mojave , Calif .
Tuesday 's flight was conducted to test Unity 's handling characteristics and the performance of its control systems , according to the blog post .
Virgin Galactic is one of a small handful of companies that intend to give paying customers a chance to make brief flights into space . Among the other companies are Elon Musk 's SpaceX and Jeff Bezos 's Blue Origin company , which has completed several tests of its New Shepard rocket and capsule system . Blue Origin says it could begin taking customers into space later this year , CNBC reported .
Virgin Galactic has been mum about exactly when it might begin taking customers into space . But earlier this month , Branson told the BBC that `` we 're talking about months away , not years away . ''
And Branson could be one of Virgin Galactic 's earliest passengers . `` I 'm going for astronaut training , '' he told the BBC . `` I 'm going for fitness training , centrifuge and other training , so that my body will hopefully cope well when I go to space . ''
Additional reporting by Denise Chow .
Want more about space tourism ?
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Former Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford was announced as the new coach of the Orlando Magic on Wednesday . He was an assistant under Stan Van Gundy in Orlando from 2007 to 2012 . Nick Wass Associated Press
THE Government 's industrial strategy must include a commitment to devolve powers to the UK 's regions , according to the CBI .
The CBI is calling on the Government to appoint an independent commissioner to ensure all regions of the UK have “ appropriate ” levels of devolution so they can deliver the industrial strategy .
The CBI wants the Government to commit to setting targets that will measure the success of the new strategy , including an assessment of how economic activity is dispersed across the country .
The Government has set out draft plans for its new industrial strategy , which is designed to tackle the UK 's long-term productivity gap compared with other major economies .
Carolyn Fairbairn , the CBI Director-General , said : “ The UK is at the foothills of extraordinary change , as we look to redefine our role in the world and adapt to rapid technological advances in the workplace .
“ A new industrial strategy must aim to make the UK economy the most competitive in the world by 2030 . We must build on our leading knowledge base , drive a renaissance in our traditional heartlands of manufacturing , and create a new wave of entrepreneurship by making the UK the easiest place to start and grow a business . By doing this we can raise productivity and improve lives in every community up and down the country .
“ This vision should not be created solely by business , nor by Government . It must be created and owned by business , Government and society together . To make this happen , it must be underpinned by a partnership between business and government that is the best in the world , based on trust and shared interest . This will be a significant driver of competitive advantage for the UK , ensuring that planning and execution is coordinated at every stage , and that every investment moves our country and prosperity forward in a way that is fair and sustainable . ”
Federal and local law enforcement officers in at least five states were on the hunt Monday for an armed and dangerous fugitive accused of filming himself killing an elderly Cleveland man and uploading the video to Facebook .
`` Our reach right now is basically all over the country , '' Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a press conference Monday afternoon as the frantic search for Steve Stephens was in its second day .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Manhunt Intensifies For Facebook Murder Suspect 7:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` We are not going to leave any stone unturned , '' he added .
Stephens was on the run after posting footage of the apparent random killing of Robert Godwin , 74 , in northeast Cleveland near the Lake Erie shore .
`` He did n't deserve to die , '' Angela Small , the mother of two of Godwin 's children , told NBC News . `` I just hate that man . I hate that he took my kids ' father ... I do n't think that they really have a full understanding that he 's gone . ''
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said the FBI and other federal authorities were now offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Stephens .
Robert Godwin , pictured here with his daughter Debbie . Courtesy Debbie Godwin
`` We also want to emphasize that we are still engaged in a very aggressive and focused attempt to find Steve Stephens and bring him to justice , '' Jackson said at the press conference .
Williams said the crime was `` personal '' for him as it struck down a person who was just `` minding his own business , going about his day on Easter . ''
Stephens , a job counselor for teens and young adults , boasted about having committed many other homicides — but police said Monday they could not verify that claim .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI : Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Police officers were combing through Cleveland as authorities in four other states — Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan — were all warned to be on alert for Stephens , who is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder , officials said .
`` He could be nearby . He could be far away or anywhere in between , '' FBI agent Stephen Anthony said at an earlier news conference .
Related : Suspect Likely Sought 'Attention ' : Criminologists
`` We 're going to make this individual 's world very , very small , '' U.S . Marshal Pete Elliott said at the Monday morning news conference .
There were reported sightings of someone fitting Stephens ' description in Philadelphia 's Fairmount Park on Monday afternoon , city police said , but `` so far there is no indication suspect is in '' the area .
Steve Stephens , accused of killing a person live on Facebook , in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police . Cleveland Division of Police
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen 's Facebook page , the suspect complained he had `` lost everything '' to gambling . The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak . He wrote that he had `` killed 12 people today '' — and would n't stop until he could speak to his mother and a second woman .
A later post read : `` I killed 15 today because of [ the second woman . ] '' The user referred to the purported killings as his `` Easter day slaughter . '' Williams , the police chief , said Monday `` there are not other victims that we know of . ''
Related : What Is Facebook 's Responsibility in Policing Depraved Videos ?
NBC News archived the Facebook posts before the account was removed . `` This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , '' the company said in a statement on Sunday .
On Monday , the company said in a statement that it suspended the suspect 's account within 23 minutes of receiving its first report about the video showing the fatal shooting , and about two hours after receiving a report of any kind about Stephens ' Facebook activity .
`` But we know we need to do better , '' Facebook said , adding that it was reviewing its work flow for reporting activity `` to be sure people can report videos or other materials that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible . ''
Williams said Monday afternoon that authorities had spoken to several people with whom Stephens had contact and that they had been cooperative with the investigation . He would not specify if this included Stephens ' mother or the second woman .
An NBC News crew went to an address listed for the Stephens mother but were turned away by police who were already there .
Williams said that authorities were not aware of one specific event that could have led to the killing , adding `` I do n't think there is any rhyme of reason for this happening . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Authorities initially said Sunday that the suspect `` broadcast the killing on Facebook Live , '' the social network 's live video platform , but a spokesperson later said the disturbing footage was recorded and uploaded . Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday , the spokesperson said .
Williams has not addressed the details of the Facebook posts , but said : `` If Steve has an issue , he needs to talk to folks to get that resolved . ''
`` Steve , I know you have relationships with the clergy out here , '' Williams added . `` I encourage you to call them and turn yourself in . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cleveland Police Chief : Manhunt for Suspect Steve Stephens Now a 'National Search ' 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Gary Jackson , a longtime friend of Stephens , told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday , everything seemed fine .
Jackson said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook , a children 's mental health center , confirmed his employment — and said he was stunned that his friend is accused of such a horrific crime .
In Jackson 's view , it was Stephens ' personal turmoil that spun him out of control .
`` I do n't think he 's killed those 14 , 15 people , '' he said . `` From what I know of him that 's just him calling out for help . ''
Jackson added that he sent Stephens a text making sure that his friend knew as much .
`` Whatever it is hurting you — you 're about to put that pain on somebody else , '' Jackson said he told Stephens . `` That ai n't right . ''
By Sunday night , Jackson had n't heard back .
Jackson had a message for his friend on Monday , saying on camera , `` I know you are in pain , but brother you 've got to turn yourself in because you 've already hurt other people . ''
Last week , the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that could have been infected with disruptive malware , allegedly by sophisticated state-backed Russian hackers . An estimated half million routers and network-attached storage devices have been infected .
But even the FBI acknowledges this step will only `` temporarily disrupt '' the malware . Here are some questions and answers about the situation :
Q : How can I tell if my router is infected ?
A : Short answer : You probably ca n't . Routers are n't very consumer-friendly , and most people lack the ability to get deep enough inside the device to tell if it 's infected .
Q : If my router was infected and I reboot , is it safe ?
A : No . Turning an infected router off and on again only removes some of the malware — such as elements that could snoop on your internet activity or even overwrite the basic code on your router , thus `` bricking '' it ( that is , turning it into an inoperable brick ) . The core infection persists on reboot and there 's no simple way to delete it .
The good news is that last week , the FBI seized of the command-and-control server that sends instructions to the infected routers , disrupting the zombie network that could be used to mount a crippling internet-based attack . The bad news is that the persistent malware is in listening mode , awaiting instructions . `` So all the cards are still on the table , '' said Craig Williams of Cisco 's Talos cyberthreat intelligence team , which identified the operation it calls VPNFilter .
Q : Why ca n't I completely remove the malware from my router ?
A : For starters , routers are difficult for ordinary users to fiddle with . They have publicly known vulnerabilities that are n't easy for average users to patch and typically are n't equipped with anti-virus software packages or intrusion protection systems . That said , if you can update your router 's `` firmware '' to the latest version — something you can often do via the router 's phone app or web interface — you should . It may not fix the problem , but it wo n't hurt and may help .
Q : Which devices are affected and where can I learn more ?
A : Cisco identified these companies as makers of affected devices : Linksys , Mikrotik , Netgear , TP-Link and QNAP . It said most of the infected routers are in Ukraine . You can find more details from Talos and the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team . The FBI says it has nothing new to report beyond the announcement it put out Friday .
———
Links :
FBI announcement : https : //www.ic3.gov/media/2018/180525.aspx
Talos blog : https : //blog.talosintelligence.com/2018/05/VPNFilter.html
U.S. CERT release : https : //www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA18-145A
A Red Deer man was sentenced in the killing of William Blaine Baker
Shane McPhee has been sentenced to six years in prison for the Feb. 13th 2016 stabbing death of William Blaine Baker , who went by the name of ‘ Blaine . '
McPhee pleaded guilty to manslaughter in Red Deer court March 19th .
He had been charged with second degree murder , but pled guilty to manslaughter instead .
McPhee has also been prohibited from using a firearm for the rest of his life .
McPhee had been charged in relation to the death of a man who was dropped off at the Red Deer Regional Hospital on Feb. 13th of 2016 by a dark Jeep Cherokee .
It was reported in court that McPhee stabbed Baker in the neck . Baker was later then transported to Red Deer Regional Hospital where he later succumbed to his injuries . On Feb. 16th , an autopsy revealed that Baker 's death was a homicide .
On Feb. 13th , Shane Kerik drove the Jeep to McPhee 's house with four other individuals , one of those being Baker who sat in the passenger seat next to Kerik to obtain drugs from McPhee 's residence on Freemont Close .
It was reported that McPhee said a few words to Baker , later stabbing him with a knife , while he was seated in the passenger 's seat .
The two females in the backseat screamed , saying they needed to get Baker to the hospital .
Baker is being remembered as a loving father , brother , uncle and friend to many .
In one of the victim impact statements , spoken over the phone , Stacey Baker , Williams ' eldest daughter , said her father was always a well liked man .
“ He had a smile that could light up a whole room , ” she said .
She said her dad played a huge part in who she is today .
Blaine 's mother Mary Lorraine Baker was also present in court , and said in her statement that no parent wants to bury their child especially when they were taken from them in the way that they were .
“ I can not sleep without having nightmares , ” said Mary Lorraine .
It was in Florida that her and her husband got the news of Blaine 's death by their son Tony .
“ Now our family chain has been broken because of this man Shane McPhee , ” said Mary Lorraine .
Others too , gave their statements , including Blaine 's other daughter Chelsea , Blaine 's father William , Blaine 's brothers Tony and Gary , along with Blaine 's niece .
It was read in court that McPhee 's past criminal activity includes six convictions of crimes involving violence .
We 've been spending the last couple weeks celebrating the absolute best in gaming , from our list of the 50 best games of all time to our console and genre lists . And that 's all wonderful and great .
But for every awesome game , there are many , many other mediocre ones – and some truly bad ones as well . Some of those offenders have cost us time and money , and scarred us with their awfulness . Crummy gameplay , janky controls , all flash and no substance ? Been there , done that . And yet some games even sink below those common problems to become legendarily horrific .
For this list , we 've done something different : we 've pinpointed several of the games that are widely regarded as some of the worst ever made , but then we 've also introduced some personal picks along the way that were specifically memorable for us – and not in a good way . Enjoy . Or rather , do n't .
You may know of my penchant for tower defense games , but I also have a not-so-secret love for arcade scrollers . The good news for your time-sucking pleasure is that I found a new one called Photon Strike . It 's a solid vertical scroller for iPhone an iPad ( I played on iPad ) with good graphics and fast action . In fact , it 's very fast . It 's similar to others in the genre . You have to steer your ship ( with your fingers ) , firing as long as your finger is on the screen . Waves of enemies fly around the screen , and you have to shoot/avoid them . Powerups are available throughout each level , and you get credits for each enemy you destroy for buying upgrades . It 's free to download , but for real-world cash , you can get yourself a whole heap of credits . You can also watch videos for free credits . Every five waves there 's a boss at the end . It 's ad-supported , but the ads go away with any purchase ( the ads are not obnoxious ) . That said , this is the kind of game where I 'm happy to pay to unlock ads to directly support the developer .
Check It Out : Photon Strike is a Fun Arcade Scroller for iOS
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada .
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean .
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat .
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world .
Another national publication is recognizing Kansas State University as the best university in Kansas .
For the second year in a row , Money magazine has determined Kansas State University delivers the best tuition value in the Sunflower State . The magazine 's list is determined by enrollment data and student outcomes . Money ranks the best schools in each state because of survey data that shows 53 percent of freshmen at four-year colleges go to school within 100 miles of their home , and more than 80 percent attend a college within 500 miles .
“ With our state-leading rates in progress toward degree and starting salaries upon graduation , along with our more than 250 degree programs and options , award-winning faculty and staff , first-year success programs and student services focused on providing the tools needed to succeed , it 's no wonder Money magazine , the Princeton Review , Business Insider and SmartAsset , just to name a few , all rate K-State as Kansas ' best , ” said Pat Bosco , vice president for student life and dean of students .
K-State students enjoy a 94 percent job placement/continuing education rate upon graduation , and have access to more than 475 student organizations , undergraduate research programs and education abroad offerings , all providing academic , leadership and volunteer opportunities that can translate into career success . In addition , the university awards more than $ 230 million in financial assistance annually , including more than $ 36 million in scholarships .
The Money magazine ranking is the latest accolade for the university . The newly released “ The Best 382 Colleges ” by the Princeton Review ranks K-State as No . 1 in the nation for town-gown relations , and gives the university Top 10 marks for quality of life , happy students , students who love their colleges , best-run colleges , the best health services and intramural sports participation . The publication also rates K-State 's career services and residence halls as among the best in the nation .
Along with the Princeton Review rankings , for the third year in a row , SmartAsset has ranked K-State as providing the best educational value for the buck in Kansas .
About
`` It 's a matter of focus , if you believe your world is formed by what you look at , and you just do n't look at the usual things , then your world wi… Read More
`` It 's a matter of focus , if you believe your world is formed by what you look at , and you just do n't look at the usual things , then your world will change '' To this end , defying the rules becomes a sort of `` learning by doing '' situation . '' - John Baldessari Read Less
Published :
PASADENA , Calif. ( AP ) The colorful and lively Rose Parade marched safely Monday under cloudy skies and the watchful presence of more than 1,000 law enforcement officers .
No major problems were reported after security and other safety measures were beefed up for the 128th annual parade as a response to several terror attacks in Europe in the past year .
There were no known threats toward Pasadena , officials said , but in addition to uniformed and plainclothes officers , additional security measures were taken . Sturdy barricades were erected at more than 50 intersections to prevent a terrorist attack like ones that happened in Berlin and Nice , France , last year when trucks barreled into crowds of people .
A large law enforcement presence was also seen at the nearby Rose Bowl , where the University of Southern California was to play Penn State .
As fans tailgated hours before the game , several truckloads of FBI SWAT officers arrived at the stadium . They were joined by Los Angeles sheriff 's deputies , the California Highway Patrol , Pasadena police , bomb-sniffing dogs and Homeland Security officers .
The 5+-mile parade featured marching bands , horseback riders and dozens of ornately decorated flower-covered floats .
Highlights included a Hawaii-themed float with a volcano and several waterfalls , another with surfing dogs and one honoring the 49 people killed in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida . The AIDS Healthcare Foundation sponsored the float titled ” To Honor and Remember Orlando ” that included three survivors of the attack .
Three Olympic gold medalists – runner Allyson Felix , diver Greg Louganis and swimmer Janet Evans – were grand marshals of the parade .
Temperatures were cooler than normal , in the 50s during the parade . Spectators who arrived early and some at the end of the show experienced light rain .
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Bernard Allotey
2017-10-06
The 10-day lecture series will teach people the basic rudiments of preventing lifestyle diseases
Residents living in Osu and its surrounding communities will benefit from a 10 days Health lecture series dubbed “ How not to die ” Preventing and reversing lifestyle diseases .
The 10-day lecture series will teach people the basic rudiments of preventing lifestyle diseases and its attendant problems .
Recent Health reports shows a high rate of lifestyle diseases is affecting and killing Ghanaians as result of eating unhealthy foods , having a sedentary lifestyle and unhealthy habits like smoking and drinking alcohol .
In a bid to stem this growing tide , the Bethel SDA Church in Osu has commenced a 10 days lecture series to educate the public on these lifestyle diseases and how to prevent them .
Patrons of this health lecture will also benefit from free medical screening . The free health lecture and medical screening starts on the 4th – 14th October , at the premises of the Bethel SDA church close to the Osu Police Station .
The Health lecture will be presented by renowned medical practitioner and medical director of the Reform Health Center Dr Nana Gyamfi .
Some of the topics to be treated include Hypertension and Stroke , Heart Diseases and erectile dysfunction , Prostrate – tiny but most troublesome , fibroid and menstrual discomfort , breast cancer , Menopause , diabetes amongst a host of several other topics .
Typical of the SDA church , Patrons will also be blessed with melodious and harmonious songs from the various singing groups of the church , Plus special mouth watering giveaways .
The program starts at 6:30 pm each night .
The Bulls open up on the road in Toronto on Thursday , October 19th . First home game is against San Antonio on Saturday , October 21st . Jimmy Butler returns on February 9th . Full schedule is here !
Tyler is a native of Rockford who grew up idolizing the DJs and mixers on B96 . In fact , he still has boxes of B96 Street Mixes on cassette recorded straight off the radio from when he was a kid . His radio career started during colleg ...
By Abby Hassler
It 's hard to forget images of Jaden Smith wearing a white batman suit as a guest Kanye West and Kim Kardashian 's wedding back in 2015 .
Now fans do n't have to forget , as Smith broke out the iconic suit once again for his latest music video “ Batman . ”
Related : Will Smith Cuts off Son Jaden 's Dreadlocks
Directed by Moises Arias and produced by Omarr Rambert , the video features Smith as Bruce Wayne-type character who dons his infamous white suit .
At one point in the video , Smith faces off against a man in a traditional black-and-yellow Batman suit and gets put in a headlock by a man dressed as Superman . This is certainly one music video Smith fans do n't want to miss out on .
Watch “ Batman ” below .
Zola quits as Birmingham City
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager following Monday 's home defeat by fellow Championship strugglers Burton Albion .
The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reports that the 50-year-old Italian was in charge for just four months , during which time the team won only twice in 24 games .
Their 2-0 loss to Burton left them 20th in the Championship table , just three points above the relegation places with three games remaining .
“ I sacked myself . I decided to give in my resignation , ” said Zola .
“ I am sorry because I came to Birmingham with huge expectations . Unfortunately , the results have not been good and I take full responsibility .
“ It is not that I like quitting , but Birmingham deserves better . If I feel I can not help the players . So , why stay ? If I can not help the team , it is better I leave and let someone else do that .
“ I feel very bad and very sorry . We worked with a lot of meaning , but unfortunately it did n't produce the results . It is all very disappointing . ”
When predecessor Gary Rowett was sacked in December , Blues were seventh and only out of the play-off places only on goal difference .
Club director Panos Pavlakis explained their decision to dispense with Rowett , now in charge at Derby County , by saying that Zola 's “ pedigree ” matched their ambition to “ move in a new direction ” .
But the change of manager baffled many supporters — and results on the pitch have done nothing to win them over .
Chinese-owned Birmingham issued a statement on April 10 giving Zola their full backing following a 2-1 defeat by Rowett 's Rams .
But the loss to Burton , another of Rowett 's old clubs , leaves Blues without a win in nine games since beating local rivals Wolves at Molineux in February .
The Blues have picked up just 16 points out of a possible 66 in Zola 's time in charge .
Blues ' next game is at local rivals Aston Villa on Sunday .
If 22nd-placed Blackburn , who are at Wolves , and 21st-placed Nottingham Forest , who are at home to Reading , were both to win their respective games on Saturday , then there is trouble .
The Blues would start the game at Villa Park in the bottom three .
It is the second time former Chelsea and Italy striker Zola has resigned as manager of an English club .
He quit Watford in 2013 after five successive home defeats , and he also spent two years in charge of West Ham United . ( NAN )
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Stephen Hawking , the British theoretical physicist who beat the odds his entire life , has died . He was 76 .
The University of Cambridge , where Hawking was director of research in applied mathematics and theoretical physics and founder of the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology , confirmed his death early Wednesday to NBC News .
Hawking was as famous for his insights on black holes , the existence of God and quantum gravity as he was for his unique way of speaking while living his life in a wheelchair . Operating his trademark computer system with his cheek , Hawking gave the world insights into the unknown and gems of quotations , including , `` Life would be tragic if it were n't funny . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Stephen Hawking , physicist who wrote ' A Brief History of Time , ' dies at 76 3:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Diagnosed at age 21 with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS — also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease — Hawking proved every doctor wrong as he defied their grim prognoses decade after decade again .
ALS , a progressive neurodegenerative disease that robs its victims of muscle movement , is `` 100 percent fatal , '' according to the ALS Association . Most sufferers are diagnosed in their 50s , as opposed to the young age Hawking was . Only half live more than five years .
Photos : A brief history of Stephen Hawking
Given just two years to live when he received his diagnosis , Hawking went on to have a lifetime of achievements , including his 1988 best-selling book , `` A Brief History of Time , '' which translated the complex fundamentals of physics into simple language . As the world 's best-known physicist , he became a pop culture fixture , as well , with a 2012 cameo on `` The Big Bang Theory '' and a movie based on his improbable life and career , `` The Theory of Everything '' in 2014 .
His passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake . But it 's not empty . Think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeating the fabric of spacetime that defies measure . Stephen Hawking , RIP 1942-2018. pic.twitter.com/nAanMySqkt — Neil deGrasse Tyson ( @ neiltyson ) March 14 , 2018
Hawking came to prominence in the early 1970s for work done in collaboration with mathematician Roger Penrose . They devised a revolutionary theory of gravity positing that if the universe obeys Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity and fits the standard model of physical cosmology ( the study of the structures and dynamics of the universe ) , then it must have begun as an infinitesimally small point in the center of a black hole .
In 1974 , Hawking theorized that black holes emit radiation , a startling but now widely accepted conclusion that is central to modern theoretical physics . His theory that information in a black hole is lost forever when a black hole evaporates , which he put forth in 1981 , was more controversial , and it remains so today .
Related : ' I 'm an atheist ' : Stephen Hawking on God and space travel
Hawking was the rare theoretical scientist who could relay the abstruse ideas of advanced physics in language accessible to the public . His landmark popular science book , `` A Brief History of Time : From the Big Bang to Black Holes , '' published in 1988 , laid out the dominant thinking about the origin and structure of the universe , space and time , with stops to explain black holes and the Big Bang .
`` A Brief History of Time '' is estimated to have sold 10 million copies in more than 40 languages , and it made Hawking a household name .
Remembering Stephen Hawking , a renowned physicist and ambassador of science . His theories unlocked a universe of possibilities that we & the world are exploring . May you keep flying like superman in microgravity , as you said to astronauts on @ Space_Station in 2014 pic.twitter.com/rjpjA3ys9c — NASA ( @ NASA ) March 14 , 2018
Long an advocate of spreading humanity out from Earth 's cocoon , Hawking gave a presentation in Beijing last November projecting that human beings have less than 600 years left on the planet before population growth and energy depletion burn it to a cinder .
Related : Stephen Hawking says time travel should be possible
He proposed an eventual transportation system that could relocate humans at the speed of light to an exo-planet in the Alpha Centauri system , one of the closest star systems outside Earth 's solar system .
Such concerns led Hawking to join with other prominent scientists in 2015 to fund Breakthrough Initiatives , a project designed to `` reinvigorate the search for life in the universe . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Stephen Hawking transformed the world of science 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Born Stephen William Hawking in 1942 in Oxford , England — 300 years to the day after Galileo 's death — Hawking did n't excel in school as a child . It was n't until college and grad school that he immersed himself in his studies , but it was also there , while pursuing his PhD in cosmology at the University of Cambridge , that he got his ALS diagnosis .
`` In my third year at Oxford , I noticed that I seemed to be getting more clumsy , and I fell over once or twice for no apparent reason , '' Hawking once wrote . `` But it was not until I was at Cambridge that my father noticed , and took me to the family doctor . He referred me to a specialist , and shortly after my 21st birthday , I went into hospitals for tests . ... It was a great shock to me to discover that I had motor neuron disease . ''
Despite his fears for his future , the disease seemed to focus him .
`` Before my condition was diagnosed , I had been very bored with life , '' Hawking told an audience of disabled students at Seattle University in 1993 , adding that after coming face to face with a death sentence , he pored over his research .
He kept cheating death , however . His ability to survive so long baffled medical experts , to the point where some doubted that he had received a correct diagnosis .
`` He is exceptional , '' Nigel Leigh , a professor of clinical neurology at King 's College London , told the British Medical Journal in 2002 . `` I am not aware of anyone else who has survived with [ ALS ] as long . ''
Theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking overcame severe disability to become the most famous living scientist . AFP / AFP/Getty Images
Hawking did have a health scare in 2009 : a chest infection that left him on the brink of death . But he surprised doctors to make a full recovery .
ALS meant Hawking began using a wheelchair in 1969 , but it did n't keep him from living a full life . He and his wife , Jane Wilde , had three children . His career skyrocketed in 1974 , when he theorized that the universe 's black holes are n't vacuums through which nothing escapes , as the science community had previously thought . He received numerous accolades and awards for his research .
But as his professional life flourished , his health diminished . He started needing help for everyday tasks , and his speech became so slurred that few could understand him . In 1985 , a tracheotomy landed him in a round-the-clock nursing care facility .
But Hawking 's mind was as intact as ever , and with the help of a computerized voice system controlled by a muscle in his cheek , he was able to continue his work .
Related : Stephen Hawking fears Higgs Boson doomsday , and he 's not alone
`` I can select a character by moving my cheek to stop the cursor . My cheek movement is detected by an infrared switch that is mounted on my spectacles , '' Hawking explained on his website .
Over the years , Hawking continued to publish books , give speeches and research how the universe began .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed July 2015 : Do you think extraterrestrial life exists ? Hawking vows to find out 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In May 2016 , he made headlines for reasons that had nothing to do with science when he told NBC News ' British partner , ITV that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's popularity had him stumped .
`` He is a demagogue , who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator , '' Hawking said , angering Trump supporters .
Hawking , a commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire , was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest U.S. civilian honor , in 2009 .
For all his remarkable fame and success , Hawking joked in 1993 that he had only one complaint : that his voice synthesizer did n't accurately reflect his British heritage .
`` The only trouble is it gives me an American accent , '' Hawking said .
The LG V10 and V20 are experimental devices , much like the Galaxy Note lineup was for Samsung in years past . They included unique features and abilities , most notably the top 'ticker ' display , that may have seemed out of place on the company 's main ' G ' series . The V20 was a pretty good phone when it was released last year , but now that it 's approaching one year old , we 're starting to see it go on sale more and more .
Now you can get a 64GB LG V20 from B & H for $ 399.99 , a $ 200 savings over the usual MSRP . If you 're not familiar with the phone , it has a Snapdragon 820 processor , a 5.7 '' 2560x1440 IPS display , and 4GB of RAM . It also has a few features that are rare to see on flagships in 2017 , like a microSD card slot and a removable battery . The V20 's top feature ( pun intended ) is the ticker display above the main screen , which works as a toolbar for shortcuts and notifications .
Overall , the V20 is still one beast of a phone , and you should n't have any problems using it as your primary device in 2017 ( and beyond ) . The model on sale at B & H is the US unlocked model , which works on both GSM and CDMA networks . You can find it at the source link below .
WASHINGTON : A Russian man accused of victimizing thousands of Americans with ransomware and spam has been extradited to the United States from Spain , US officials announced Friday.Peter Levashov , 37 , was due to appear before a federal judge in Connecticut where he faces hacking , wire and email fraud , identity theft and conspiracy charges.Prosecutors say Levashov ran the “ Kelihos ” botnet , a network of thousands of infected computers used to harvest Internet login credentials , distribute bulk spam emails sometimes used for fraudulent “ pump-and-dump ” stock promotions and install malicious software on unsuspecting users ' computers.In any given 24-hour period , Levashov 's network allegedly generated more than 2,500 spam emails advertising such schemes as services to other potential cyber-criminals.John Cronin , the acting head of the Justice Department 's criminal division , said in a statement that the extradition proved the US would hunt down international cyber-criminals and “ hold them accountable for their conduct. ” Originally from Saint Petersburg , Levashov was arrested at Barcelona airport on April 7 by Spanish authorities acting on a US warrant . Spain 's High Court authorized his extradition in October.Levashov 's lawyers in Spain said he had served in the Russian army and worked for President Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party.They argued he feared being forced to turn over confidential information to American authorities , but Spanish judges rejected these claims .
Retail powerhouse Amazon is disrupting retail yet again , with the opening of its checkout-free Amazon Go grocery store in Seattle .
It looks and feels like a regular grocery store , but with one major difference : There 's no checkout — and no checkout lines . Upon entering , shoppers scan a special smartphone app that registers them into the store . After grabbing their items , customers are free to walk right out .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inside Amazon 's high-tech grocery store 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` The just-walk-out technology is tracking that these items are leaving the shelf , and it 's putting them in my virtual cart , '' Amazon Go Vice-President Gianna Puerini told NBC News during an exclusive look at the new store . `` And if I put them back on the shelf , they come out of my virtual cart . ''
When customers leave the store , their account is automatically charged , which means no more waiting in long checkout lines . Overhead throughout the store , hundreds of cameras read labels through machine learning and sense the shopper 's body type . These cameras work in tandem with sensors embedded in the store 's shelves , all collecting data about your preferences .
`` Those cameras are primarily looking at all of these products and figuring out what has left the shelf and what is going back to the shelf . '' Puerini says . `` The system is highly accurate . On the rare occasion , if you were to find an error , we make it super easy to do a self-service return . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The future of shopping ? Amazon opens first grocery store 0:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The new retail plan by Amazon has an increased focus on pricing , and Amazon says they wo n't mark up prices to compensate for the convenience of just walking out .
Fresh off of the $ 13.7 billion acquisition of grocery chain Whole Foods , Amazon says it has no plans to install this technology in those stores . And even though the store does n't employ any cashiers , Amazon downplays the effect on jobs .
`` There 's a kitchen full of chefs and cooks making the things that are on the shelf right now , and as you look around the store , all these folks in orange are all here to help make customers ' experience better . So we 're just shifting the kind of work that folks do , '' Puerini told NBC News .
RED DEER , Alta . — A man and a woman are facing almost 200 criminal charges after two police searches in central Alberta found almost three dozen weapons along with stolen property and identification .
Red Deer RCMP say they searched a storage locker and a private home in November .
They seized 25 rifles , four shotguns , four crossbows , two pellet guns and a replica firearm .
The weapons were stored in a large hockey bag , a sleeping bag , a ski bag and gun cases .
RCMP also uncovered dirt bikes , chainsaws , a generator and electronics — all stolen — as well as stolen identity documents .
Police say the searches were part of a larger crime reduction effort focused on identifying prolific offenders through targeted investigations .
Andrew Scott Charpentier and Kelsey Pearl Torpe , both 25 , face a total of 198 charges — most of them weapons-related .
There also face several stolen property charges as well as charges of illegal possession or trafficking in government documents .
They have been remanded in custody and are next to appear in court on Tuesday .
In this episode of Viva Cannes , discover Saint Paul de Vence . Saint Paul de Vence is a gorgeous medieval town located in the French Alps , just a short 30-minute drive out from Cannes . This charming commune looks as if it jumped out of the pages of a story book . Perhaps the most charming thing about the town , however , is the passion its residence show for their professions . We spoke with Sonia from Maison Godet and Frédéric from La Petite Cave de Saint-Paul about their businesses , and we were blown away by their passion for what they do .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
A $ 43,000 soundproof telephone booth that Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt put in his office has caused federal watchdogs to speak up loudly .
On Monday , the General Accountability Office sent an eight-page letter to Senate lawmakers reporting that the booth violated federal spending law that caps the amount a presidential appointee can spend on upgrading their office at $ 5,000 without notifying the appropriations committees in the Senate and House beforehand .
GAO General Counsel Thomas Armstrong also wrote that the purchase violated the Antideficiency Act , `` because EPA obligated appropriated funds in a manner specifically prohibited by law . ”
Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt listens to President Donald Trump before a Cabinet meeting on April 9 . Jim Lo Scalzo / EPA
The booth — which cost $ 24,570 itself with nearly $ 20,000 more in installation costs — is part of a major security upgrade that he ordered for his office that also included biometric locks and a sweep for listening devices .
Pruitt has already come under fire from critics for his 24-hour security detail and first-class travel , both of which have been justified with security concerns .
Pruitt 's EPA officials , though , had argued that the booth served a functional purpose : To allow Pruitt to receive calls from President Donald Trump `` without concern that classified , deliberative , privileged or sensitive information might inadvertently be disclosed . ''
Armstrong 's letter , however , rejected that claim that aesthetics were the only purview of the requirement of notifying Congress .
Everyone likes apps , but sometimes the best ones are a bit expensive . Now and then , developers make paid apps free for a limited time , but you have to snatch them up while you have the chance . Here are the latest and greatest apps on sale in the iOS App Store .
These apps normally cost money , and this sale lasts for a limited time only . If you go to the App Store and it says the app costs money , that means the deal has expired and you will be charged .
More : 200 Awesome iPhone Apps | The best Android apps for almost any occasion
ANCHORAGE , Alaska — Explore Fairbanks has announced that it inked a deal with East West Marketing Corp. to represent them in China .
Alaska 's Journal of Commerce reports that Fairbanks ' lead promoters on May 25 signed the contract in Beijing while part of Gov . Bill Walker 's 12-day “ Opportunity Alaska ” trade mission to the country .
Walker said the “ contractual relationship between Explore Fairbanks and East West marks another quantum leap for tourism from China to Alaska . ”
Explore Fairbanks Tourism Director Scott McCrea said that the tourism arrangement will not only help Explore Fairbanks make traditional business connections with tour operators , travel agents and the like in the country 's top cities , but will also give the Alaska organization a presence on Chinese social media platforms such as WeChat and Sina Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter .
——
Information from : ( Anchorage ) Alaska Journal of Commerce , http : //www.alaskajournal.com
On the evening of November 10 , 2016 , the life of the Danks family changed forever when a drink-driver crashed into the back of their daughter Lauren 's car at 104mph .
Nelson Curtis failed to stop after the collision , driving almost two miles with only three wheels on his car . He had drunk ten pints of beer in what was described as an all-day binge in a Lakenheath pub , before getting behind the wheel and killing Lauren who was aged just 22 .
To read the impact statements from Lauren 's parents is to experience a fraction of their visceral agony . They make for unbearable reading . Lauren 's dad , Robert , spoke of the appalling moment when , realising she was late home from her job at Center Parks , he got into his own car to go out and look for her .
“ I entered the A11 at Red lodge heading towards Five Ways roundabout . I noticed an accident recovery truck with its amber lights flashing so I assumed it might be Lauren with a puncture being picked up ! From out of nowhere I saw the blue lights of an ambulance and fire engine heading towards Lauren , as I drove further a police car overtook me ,
“ I was starting to worry .
“ I arrived at the scene , I could see Lauren 's car upside down . ”
Mr Danks was told at the scene that Lauren had not survived . The horror of this moment must have been unspeakable yet he bravely managed to articulate his pain in court .
This is why the annual Christmas drink-driving campaign by Suffolk and Norfolk 's head of roads policing and crime commissioners is so important and this year the judicial process has been streamlined to ensure dangerous drivers are removed from the road as swiftly as possible . Courts will have designated time slots in order to deal with those caught drink or drug driving . It is a relief to know that offenders may end up losing their licences within 24 hours of being caught .
Unfortunately , there remains a hard core of drivers who are undeterred . Whether through alcohol and drug dependency or because they are heartless and selfish , they continue to drive while under the influence of the substance of their choice and even when caught , the subsequent sentence they receive seems inadequate , barely reflecting the terrible consequences of their crime .
In court , it was revealed that Nelson Curtis had two previous convictions with subsequent bans for drink and dangerous driving . In June of this year , he was jailed for seven years at Ipswich Crown Court but is likely to serve only half of the sentence .
How do you place a value on a human life ? I do n't know what an ‘ appropriate ' sentence is for the killing of a young woman returning home from her first day of a new job . How can anyone measure the impact upon her young brothers , the mother who spent every day with her daughter 's body as it rested in a local mortuary and then brought her home the night before the funeral , the devastating loss endured by her grandparents , friends , and colleagues ? Lauren 's death will have an effect well beyond the lifetime of her remaining family : an entire branch of the Danks family tree has been amputated by a man who flouted the law in the most horrendous manner .
I do know that seven years does not seem adequate a response and this must be frustrating for the police too . Imprisonment is about rehabilitation and punishment through the deprivation of liberty . Imprisonment is designed to keep society safe from people like Nelson Curtis whose recidivism dates back to 2003 , the date of his second offence . He has clearly shown us the kind of man he is and if he can not keep others safe , society must do it on his behalf .
Driving while intoxicated is not an unpremeditated crime . When we pick up that first drink we know what the consequences should we order a second , and then a third . We know that cars become deadly weapons when driven by drunks . Should pubs take more responsibility ? Certainly , there 's an argument that any pub caught serving someone until they can ‘ barely walk ' as Curtis was described is behaving irresponsibly . There 's an even bigger argument that any establishment that knowingly serves alcohol to drivers in excess of safe driving levels should face legal consequences . However , this risks mitigating the personal accountability of every drinker to remain within the law .
Lauren is gone forever . I ca n't imagine how her family lives with this but it is a testimony to their strength , and the strength of their love for their daughter , that they have endorsed the police campaign . They want legislation to go much further though . Unlike Nelson Curtis , the family of Lauren Danks has the best interests of all road users at heart when they call for tougher sentencing and discussion about the responsibilities of publicans and the general public in helping to remove these menaces from our roads .
Tampa Bay Rays outfielder Carlos Gomez is speaking out against Major League Baseball 's drug testing program , claiming there is nothing `` random '' about it .
Gomez made his comments in Spanish following a test by MLB on Tuesday , three days after he was activated from the disabled list . He told the Tampa Bay Times in separate comments Tuesday that it was the sixth or seventh time he has been tested in the first nine weeks of this season .
`` They tell you that it 's random , that they do the tests randomly and those players who go out there , go and do a drug test , '' he said in the video posted on the Twitter page of journalist Hector Gomez , which was translated by ESPN Deportes . `` Until they prove to me that it is random , I will not believe it . Because for me , it 's not random . They go and choose the person they want . It 's not random . If it 's not that , show it to me .
`` I have the greatest luck on my team , because they test me more than everyone else . I arrived now , three days after coming from the disabled list , and they are already testing me again . ''
Gomez , 32 , has been outspoken about MLB 's drug-testing program this month , telling Yahoo ! Sports in a podcast interview the day after Robinson Cano was suspended that the league targets older players and Latino players for testing .
An MLB spokesman told Yahoo ! Sports earlier this month that its drug program is run independently and that it has no say in who is tested but maintained the testing is done at random .
Cano , the Seattle Mariners ' All-Star second baseman , was suspended 80 games for violating MLB 's drug policy . Cano tested positive for the diuretic furosemide . Under MLB 's drug policy , a player is not automatically suspended for use of a diuretic unless MLB can prove he intended to use it as a masking agent .
He is one of three major league players suspended this season for violating the drug policy , along with Chicago White Sox catcher Welington Castillo and Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco . All three players are from the Dominican Republic .
Gomez , a two-time All-Star who also hails from the Dominican Republic , has never tested positive for drugs in his 12-season career .
`` I am not afraid . Do all the tests that you want . Keep doing it to me , '' Gomez said . `` But I say it clearly , it 's not random , because it 's not . And I 'm not going to keep quiet , because I 've earned my position here . ''
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest , most experienced local news teams on the radio in America . Follow @ WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous around the world for its slogan , “ YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES , WE 'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD , ” no other radio station [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN . WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for news ? E-mail us your newstips ! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St. , New York , NY 10019 . [ … ]
Ali Sulaiman Mohamed assigned ambassador to France Ali Sulaiman Mohamed , commissioner of the Ethiopian Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission , has a new job as Ethiopia 's ambassador to France . He would also be a non-resident ambassador to Spain , [ … ] admin
The TPLF government has violated the human rights abuses in the prison The photo depicting the Ethiopian government 's human rights record is a sign that the government of Ethiopia is guilty of crimes against humanity . According to the photo , innocent prisoners are [ … ] admin
BREAKING NEWS : FEDERAL COURT RULES OPPOSITION LEADERS TO DEFEND PROSECUTORS ' CHARGES , REDUCES BEKELE GERBA 'S TERRORISM CHARGE TO CRIME Mahlet Fasil Addis Abeba , July 13 , 2017 – In what was seen as a key decision involving the high profile terrorism charges against 22 mostly opposition party leaders and members , the [ … ] admin
Food shortages and funding gap push extra 700,000 people to verge of starvation in Ethiopia In response to the newly released Humanitarian Response Document by the Government of Ethiopia , Oxfam 's Humanitarian Program Manager in Ethiopia , Manish Kumar said : ‘ 'Yet another poor rainy season , the third [ … ] admin
FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW SEVERAL BUSINESSES IN AMBO CITY REMAIN CLOSED Addis Abeba , Several businesses in Ambo city , 120 kms west of the capital Addis Abeba , have spent a second day closed off for business , according to these pictures received exclusively [ … ] admin
“ My hands were tied up day and night ” Dereje Merga # Ethiopia # FreeDereje # OfC # QilintoFire # OromoProtests Name : Dereje Merga Debelo Age : 29 Address : Addis Ababa , Yeka Sub City , Woreda 02 Current situation : Qilinto Prison The reason why I am jailed : They say [ … ] admin
hands and legs with cord for three consecutive days ” Kiber Alemayehu # Ethiopia # FreeKiber # HumanRights Name : – Kiber Alemayehu Age : – 36 years old Address : – Amhara Regional State , West Gojjam Zone , Mankussa Current situation : – held in Qilinto prison The reason [ … ] admin
The Ethiopian Government arrest 34 senior officials for allegedly of corruption The Government on Tuesday arrested 34 senior government officials , businesspersons and brokers for alleged corruption amounting to more than 1.15 billion birrs . July 27 , 2017 maleda times 0 Comments Edit [ … ] admin
‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it ; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege ‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it ; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege # Ethiopia # FrerAgbaw # HumanRights Name : – Agbaw Setegn Berihun Age : – [ … ] admin
A prominent YouTuber and his business partner have been fined a total of £265,000 ( $ 331,220 ) for running an illegal gambling website linked to hit video game FIFA that was used by children .
Craig Douglas , who goes by the name of NepentheZ on YouTube and has over 1.4 million subscribers on his channel , and his partner Dylan Rigby , ran a service to let users gamble with virtual currency that could be bought for real cash .
Visitors playing the game FIFA 17 at the EA Sports stall at the Gamescom gaming convention on August 18 , 2016 in Cologne , Germany . Picture Alliance | Barcroft Images | Getty Images
Douglas was ordered to pay £91,000 ( $ 114,000 ) while Rigby got a £174,000 fine . Both men are from the U.K. and admitted to being directors of Game Gold Tradings Limited , a company which operated and advertised FutGalaxy.com — an unlicensed gambling website . The prosecution was brought by the U.K. Gambling Commission with the case decided on Monday .
The website allowed players to transfer virtual currency out of the FIFA 17 video game and use it to bet on real soccer matches and other games . Any winnings could then be transferred back into the game . In the FIFA games , which are made by EA Sports , there is no way to trade or sell coins that you buy . So black market sites have appeared online to facilitate this .
There is no official link between FIFA or EA Sports and the illegal website run by Douglas and Rigby . There are no accusations aimed at Electronic Arts or the makers of the video game .
District Judge McGarva described the offense as `` very grave '' , and concluded that children had been gambling on the website but said it was impossible to know how many . He had been shown footage of a 12-year old boy gambling on the website , describing this as `` horrific '' .
`` This was one of the most serious cases that has been investigated and prosecuted by the Commission . Its gravity is reflected in the significant financial penalties imposed by the judge , '' Sarah Harrison , CEO of the Gambling Commission , said in a press release on Tuesday .
`` The defendants knew that the site was used by children and that their conduct was illegal but they turned a blind eye in order to achieve substantial profits . ''
In a series of tweets following the court case , Douglas said he owed `` a huge apology '' to his family and supporters .
Despite the case , Douglas continued to upload new videos to his YouTube page about FIFA , including one in which he issued an apology . Douglas said he pleaded guilty to two charges , but pleaded not guilty to others .
`` I ( pleaded ) not guilty to the remaining charges including the charge of inviting children to gamble and they were accepted by the prosecution and were accepted by the courts . Trust me when I tell you as a lesson has been learnt , a very valuable lesson , '' Douglas said .
`` I made a huge mistake . I did some things wrong . I was very naïve … And very arrogant . ''
The Valley Falls PSD has issued a Boil Water Advisory for part of Marion County .
The advisory was issued due to a water leak being repaired . Water will be turned off from 9 a.m. to approximately 3 p.m .
The advisory has been issued for Upper Piney Run , Morgans Ridge , Mt . Zion , Reubens Run and the surrounding area .
Please contact the Valley Falls PSD at 304-363-0570 on Friday , August 18 after 1 p.m. to determine if the advisory has been lifted .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Blue Planet Aquarium has confirmed escapee otter Cho has been recaptured , but is unwilling to discuss whether more than one otter went missing .
On Friday ( August 11 ) the popular Ellesmere Port attraction asked for the public 's help in tracking down their fugitive otter which had been spotted at nearby Cheshire Oaks and even filmed .
Blue Planet Aquarium has now confirmed that Cho , a female Asian short-clawed otter , was recaptured over the weekend and reunited with her mate Brian and baby Connie .
Puzzlingly , Cheshire Police received reports of three otters having escaped last Thursday but understands one was found in a supermarket car park .
Blue Planet spokesman Phil Jones did not wish to comment on the claim that a total of three otters had been on the run .
“ The otters are here on our premises , all three of them , ” he said .
The official press release issued this afternoon stated : “ It has been an interesting few days here at Blue Planet Aquarium especially for our family of otters . Cho the female otter managed to escape from her enclosure last week and was recaptured by Blue Planet Aquarium Staff at the weekend .
“ In order for her to be re-united with her baby and partner , the animals have been re-introduced to each other within our grounds away from the general public . Otters are incredibly monogamous and keeping them together as a family unit is very important in their continued development , in a stress free environment .
“ Our handlers are closely monitoring the situation and the welfare of the family is of prime importance .
`` Once we are satisfied that they are as a unit once again we will resume our otter presentations at the normal showtime . ”
Cheshire West and Chester Council also declined to comment on how many otters had escaped .
Councillor Karen Shore , cabinet member , environment , said : “ Cheshire West and Chester are the zoo licensing authority for the Blue Planet and have been made aware of an incident that occurred last week . We are working with the Blue Planet to ensure the safety and security of their animals , their staff and members of the public is paramount . ”
Otter Lake Golden Age dart and card results
September 19 cards results : 50/50 was won by Sylvie Lemay and the door prize went to Viola Gauthier . Ladies first was won by Dorcas Sparling and second by Marie Gauthier . Men 's first was won by Rolland Mayer and second by Charles Beriau .
Lunch was prepared by Debbie Lackey and Viola Gauthier .
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY ( home delivery or online ) who have registered for the News Alerts Service . If you have already registered for THE EQUITY 's News Alerts Service , please log in here . If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service , you may register below . ( For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription . )
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
Pago Pago , AMERICAN SAMOA — With more than 600 residents who have already registered and asked questions about federal assistance following last month 's Tropical Storm Gita , contracted inspectors with the US Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) will be conducting field inspections soon .
Tafuna village residents , whose homes were affected by the storm , began registration for federal disaster assistance last week Monday at the FEMA and ASG jointly operated Disaster Recovery Center ( DRC ) , located inside the DYWA Pago Pago Youth Center .
All Tafuna village subdivisions completed DRC registration last week , while more are registering today to Wednesday ( See Samoa News last Friday for the list of villages . )
And once the person completes the registration process at DRC , the next step , now is that inspectors with valid identification will contact the individual to check damage to the structure such as heating , plumbing , electrical , flooring , wallboard and foundation , according to FEMA .
The inspectors will also record damage to major appliances — washer , dryer , refrigerator — and other serious needs such as clothing lost or damaged in the disaster .
In a news release , FEMA stressed that its inspection should not be confused with other assessments that residents may have received . ( Two days after the storm ASG and its federal partners including FEMA carried out preliminary damage assessment , and a week later , ASG conducted another round of assessment on its own . )
Responding to Samoa News questions , FEMA public information officer , Victor Inge explained that these are FEMA contracted inspectors with identifications conducting inspections .
“ We have 10 inspectors who have already begun setting appointments and doing inspections . There are 10 more inspectors inbound , ” said Inge who has been on island , three days after the storm .
Asked how many impacted residents have registered at the DRC since last Thursday , Inge said , “ more than 648 people have registered or asked questions through the DRC . ”
“ We have approved more than $ 59,000 for homeowners and renters , more than $ 47,000 of which is for housing assistance , ” he points out .
According to FEMA , its inspectors use specialized software so that every applicant gets the same inspection .
Additionally , inspectors record losses but do not determine how much assistance the person may qualify for .
What 's needed , says FEMA , when an inspector arrives :
• You or member of your household who is at least 18 years old must be present .
• You will need to show a photo ID , such as a driver 's license , etc .
• Proof of occupancy such as title , mortgage payment record in name of resident .
• Owners need to present evidence of ownership such as insurance in owner 's name , title , mortgage receipts .
• Renters need to present proof of rental such as rent receipts , lease agreement , utility bill in name of renter , landlord 's name and phone number .
And thereafter , what 's next : Within a few days , you will receive a letter , text , or email to tell you the decision about your claim . If you are eligible for assistance , you will receive funds by check or electronic transfer .
[ Note : Samoa News should also point out that it would seem for families who live on land as ‘ tautua ' — owning the house , not the land — need to have a notarized letter from the owner or sao of the land explaining the situation and giving permission for FEMA assistance to said person ( s ) . ]
REGISTRATION REMINDER
Residents of Nu'uuli and Malaeimi are scheduled for registration Monday to Wednesday this week , starting today , with residents of Nu'uuli , Numbers 0001 – 0250
• Tuesday , Mar . 20 residents of Nu'uuli , Numbers 0251 – 0369
• Tuesday , Mar . 20 residents of Nu'uuli , Numbers 0501 – 0633
• Wednesday , Mar . 21 residents of Nu'uuli , Numbers 0634 – 0731
• Wednesday , Mar . 21 residents of Malaeimi , Numbers 0001 – 0143
The center will be open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Only heads of household need to attend .
ASG and FEMA will announce a schedule soon for other villages to register at the DRC for federal assistance .
PRE-REGISTRATION
ASG and FEMA have released the latest list of villages up for pre-registration today and the location :
• Aua at the Catholic Church Hall ;
• Onesosopo at Catholic Church hall ;
• Vatia at Gaoteote Tapatonu guest house ;
• Afono at Laupola guest house ;
• Villages of Amaluia , Asili and Afao at the Asili CCCAS church hall ; and
• Villages of Nua & Se'etaga , Utumea west , and Agagulu at Taveuveu guesthouse .
Mikey Drennan is in a good place right now .
Settling into a new job as real world responsibilities kick in , the 24 year old is thriving playing with old friends at James Stephens hurling club and Evergreen FC .
Last year he played in the Kilkenny senior hurling final and played a key role as Evergreen reached the FAI Junior Cup final .
It is far removed from the dark days just a couple of years ago , where the former Aston Villa player tried to resurrect his football career with Shamrock Rovers , before quitting the game to deal with depression .
The forward may be in a positive frame of mind , but he still has the longing to return to football at a higher level . There have been some offers , but nothing that would provide the security he currently enjoys .
Drennan harbours the ambition for top level football , and is experienced enough now to deal with one of the major hardships of the modern world : online abuse .
Signed as a 16-year-old in 2010 by Aston Villa , the Kilkenny teenager signed a professional contract the following year as well as representing his country at underage level .
A foot injury halted his progress in 2013 , and loan moves to Carlisle United and Portsmouth the following year failed to ignite his career . The dream quickly began to turn sour . Homesickness gripped him – he dreaded the return flights to Birmingham after visiting friends and family – while gambling also took hold . Some days he only got out of bed to go training .
In an effort to break out of the dark cycle , he joined Shamrock Rovers , but if anything , the situation deteriorated further .
In May 2016 , just short of his 22nd birthday , Drennan decided to quit the game and open up on his mental illness . The weight began to immediately lift off his shoulders .
He is more content now and still impressing on the sporting front , his real passion .
Drennan scored two points in the Kilkenny County Final last year as Stephens went down to Dicksboro , and continues to line out for Evergreen . He recently started a sales role with Transfermate , a global payments company and is enjoying a level of security he has never previously experienced .
Online abuse is not something he encounters anymore .
`` I 'm out of the limelight now a couple of years . If anything , it 's people offering support and hoping I 'm keeping well , would love to see you back playing ' , '' he says .
`` You try to laugh it off at the time , but then you think , ‘ Jesus Christ , am I actually fat ? ' and you begin to doubt yourself ''
However he is acutely aware of the struggles of athletes , especially younger sports people , face on a daily basis .
While he expected it as a player , reading negative comments online had a greater impact than he probably realised at the time
`` It does dent you in a way . When I went on loan at Portsmouth , I was after coming back from injury . Some people were calling me fat . You try to laugh it off at the time , but then you think , ‘ Jesus Christ , am I actually fat ? ' and you begin to doubt yourself . ''
Mikey Drennan in action for Portsmouth in 2014
He believes it is almost inevitable that you begin to doubt yourself and your ability
`` Some lads take it as banter , others might go behind the scenes to talk to the manager or liaison officer . It plays on your mind and affects your mental well being .
`` We had talks about social media , to be careful on it and we were warned about the abuse . The PFA have people you can talk with , but I never used it . At the time I did n't think anything of it . The service is n't used enough . Players do n't want to be known for talking about it , even though it is confidential . There is a fear it would get out . ''
It is pervasive in all demographics and backgrounds , and the major Irish sporting organisations are trying to address the problem .
The FAI has its own social media policy and conducts social media training with all the international teams each year . A spokesperson says clubs can seek advice if required .
The GAA is currently updating its own social media guidelines . In the four years since it was last published , the landscape has changed considerably . When completed it will be issued to all clubs , club secretaries and county boards .
GAA Community and Health manager Colin Regan ,
`` There is evidence out there that shows social media can be used as a conduit for social isolation , bullying , '' says Colin Regan , the GAA 's Community and Health manager
`` The challenge is that online transcends any setting . For example , if there was bullying in the school setting , at least the young person could get relief from it when they went home . ''
So what can be done ?
Drennan says in dealing with it now , he would avoid looking at social media , suggesting those most affected should delete the relevant apps . `` I 'd keep away from comments and turn off Twitter notifications . Most of the abuse comes from Twitter . ''
Keen to return to the Airtricity League , he was close to joining Bohs at the start of the season . He knows that such a move would have resulted in a swift response online .
`` I knew that if I signed with Bohs that I probably would have got abuse from some Shamrock Rovers fans . I 'd probably be accused of being a traitor . ''
Of course disengaging completely is a huge ask when online is often the primary medium of communication .
`` It 's the very crux of the discussion , '' says Regan . `` In order to be mindful enough to disengage , you must have a very strong sense of self , a strong sense of adequacy and you must be very grounded in your own self so that you are not affected by the opinions of others .
`` We know from research that those type of skills are developed through engagement in team sports . The factors that protect and enhance our mental health are self adequacy and belonging to something bigger than yourself such as team sports .
`` It is a bit of a Catch 22 that some people who are most affected by comments online are the people that do n't have those solid foundations in place . ''
`` Some lads might seem happy as Larry , but inside they could be dying ''
Drennan for his part is much more comfortable in talking about his problems and providing a listening ear than he was in his early days as footballer .
`` Thinking about it now , I 'd want to talk about it with someone , even if it was only something small , just to get it off your chest . It 's the small things that matter . Talking to someone for five minutes even , it feels like a weight off your chest . I found that when I eventually started talking to family and friends . ''
`` Some lads might seem happy as Larry , but inside they could be dying . Some people want to talk , some do n't . ''
This week , RTÉ is running a special initiative on Youth Mental Health across a range of services . The Big Picture - Youth Mental Health strand aims `` to shine a light on one of the most important issues in the country '' . It culminates on Thursday 26 April with an hour-long TV documentary and follow-on studio discussion .
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live Pause
1:21 Miami Beach man arrested for Twitter threats against Donald Trump
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:04 Protesters , supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says he gets along well with Japanese prime minister
0:41 Crucial Presidents ' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
This short film features beautiful footage of fly-fishing for brown , rainbow and brook trout in the Bavarian Mountains . Via Trout in Trouble .
Former Panthers defensive back Tyrone Poole : 'We 're all spiders . ' Tyrone Poole , a Panthers defensive back from 1995-97 and now a motivational speaker , explains his analogy for why people are like spiders . Chapel Fowler ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Tyrone Poole , a Panthers defensive back from 1995-97 and now a motivational speaker , explains his analogy for why people are like spiders . Chapel Fowler
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The San Francisco Giants and the Kansas City Royals meet for the first time since their epic 2014 World Series .
The Giants open a two-game interleague series Tuesday at Kauffman Stadium . Giants right-hander Matt Cain and Royals right-hander Jason Hammel are the pitching probables for the first game .
The Giants won the 2014 World Series in seven games . The series ended with the Royals stranding Alex Gordon at third base when Salvador Perez popped up foul to Pablo Sandoval for the final out .
Madison Bumgarner got the victory in relief .
“ It 'll be fun to go back there and relive the moments from a couple of years ago , ” Giants first baseman Brandon Bolt told the Oakland Tribune . “ At the same time , we definitely have a job to do . We definitely have to turn this around . ”
Royals manager Ned Yost went to high school in Dublin , Calif .
“ The Giants were always my team that I rooted for when I was growing up , ” Yost said . “ I loved the Giants , so anytime we can play the Giants or the A 's , it 's a fun series for me , but especially the Giants .
“ We get to face Cain and Bumgarner , two really good pitchers . It should be an interesting matchup . ”
The Giants probably will activate four-time National League All-Star catcher Buster Posey before the game on Tuesday . He has been recovering from concussion-like symptoms .
Posey said he felt “ very good . As normal as normal can be . With these things , you do n't ever want to declare something too soon . ”
The Giants will be without outfielder Jarrett Parker , who had surgery Sunday to repair a fractured right clavicle . He is expected to be out eight to 10 weeks .
Parker sustained the injury on Saturday when he slammed into the wall while catching DJ LeMahieu 's fly ball in the Rockies ' 5-0 victory .
“ He was really down to be honest , but I think he feels better that he 'll be back this year , ” Giants manager Bruce Bochy said .
The Giants are 5-9 and in last place in the National League West . They have lost five of seven on the road .
The Royals have won four straight to even their record at 6-6 . They are 6-3 against American League West Division clubs .
Excellent starting pitching has keyed Kansas City 's success . The starters have a major league-leading 2.31 ERA , giving up 19 runs in 74 innings .
During the four-game winning streak , Royals starting pitchers have a 0.63 ERA , allowing two runs and 13 hits over 28 2/3 innings . Right-hander Ian Kennedy pitched eight shutout innings and struck out 10 Sunday in a 1-0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels .
Hammel is the last Royals ' starting pitcher to lose and is 0-1 with a 6.52 ERA .
“ I found my slider , so that 's a good thing , ” Hammel said . “ I have n't had it since we left spring training . Now , I just have to get my fastball command back . ”
Hammel is 0-3 with a 3.17 ERA in 11 career appearances against the Giants .
Cain takes a 1-0 record with a 4.82 ERA into the game . He is 9-14 with a 3.43 ERA in interleague games .
The Royals will make a roster move before the game . They optioned rookie right-hander Jakob Junis on Monday to Triple-A Omaha . Junis worked one scoreless inning against Oakland in his major league debut Wednesday .
The Royals said they would make a corresponding move Tuesday to replace Junis .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
8 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Toronto Wolfpack will make the trip to Halifax-based NCL Champions Siddal in the third round of the Challenge Cup .
The Canadian club 's first ever fixture in the competition will see them make the 4.5-mile trip from their Brighouse base to take on Siddal , who defeated Pilkington Recs to reach this round of the competition .
Elsewhere , five ties pit League One clubs together , while West Warriors and Haydock will face off in the only all-amateur tie .
Challenge Cup third round draw :
West Hull OR Thatto Heath v Whitehaven
Hemel Stags v London Skolars
Fryston Warriors v Keighley Cougars
Uni of Gloucestershire All Golds v North Wales Crusaders
Newcastle Thunder v Workington Town
Doncaster v Myton Warriors
Siddal v Toronto Wolfpack
Barrow Raiders v Rochdale Mayfield
York City Knights v Egremont Rangers
South Wales Ironmen v Oxford
Hunslet RLFC v Coventry Bears
Wests Warriors v Haydock
OMNISPORT
Paris Saint-Germain coach Unai Emery does not think fatigue will be an issue in the race for the Ligue 1 title .
Leaders Monaco narrowly avoided defeat versus Dijon on Saturday , playing just three days after beating Borussia Dortmund 3-2 in the Champions League .
Second-half goals from Nabil Dirar and Radamel Falcao saw Leonardo Jardim 's side come from behind for a 2-1 victory to stay three points clear of PSG at the Ligue 1 summit .
With Monaco still battling for silverware on three fronts , it has been suggested their busy schedule could prove to be an advantage for PSG .
However , Emery does not believe Monaco 's European exploits will help the reigning champions , who are only a point ahead of Nice in second .
`` Another matchday has passed and the table is still the same . What 's evident is that we just have to do our job , also to stay clear of Nice , '' Emery stated at a news conference ahead of Tuesday 's away clash with Metz .
`` Monaco are used to playing a lot of matches , as are we . Monaco had some difficulties because Dijon put in a great performance , not because they are tired . Every opponent goes out there with the goal to win the game . When a match is rather difficult , that 's not down to fatigue .
`` Monaco , Nice and PSG , we are all ready for every game .
`` Our objective is to prepare well and to beat Metz . Every away game is difficult , we respect our opponents . ''
PSG will be without the injured Layvin Kurzawa , Julian Draxler and Hatem Ben Arfa when they meet Metz , while Grzegorz Krychowiak has been left out of the matchday squad for tactical reasons .
A phone is charged during a demonstration by Israeli startup StoreDot of a bio-organic charger system which they are developing that can recharge a smartphone battery in just 30 seconds at their laboratory in Tel Aviv on April 9 , 2014 . StoreDot 's prototype battery and charger is currently being tested with Samsung 's Galaxy phones , but the startup 's founder and CEO Doron Myersdorf told AFP that a product compatible with all makes of smartphone should be on the market by 2016 . AFP PHOTO / JACK GUEZ ( Photo credit should read JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images )
The turnaround in Ndamukong Suh 's candor this season has been remarkable and a welcome change for those who want to know more about the Dolphins ' highest-paid player .
That continued Wednesday , when Suh discussed his desire to make the Hall of Fame , how much longer he wants to play and the legacy he hopes to leave when those playing days end .
Suh , a five-time Pro Bowler and four-time All-Pro , said : “ I 'd be lying to you if I said I did n't ” think about being enshrined with the greats in Canton , Ohio , someday .
“ Everybody thinks about the Hall of Fame , ” Suh added . “ One of the first trips I took , I remember going to the Hall of Fame in Canton . I 've been a couple of times . I went to see teammates there for breaking particular records — Calvin [ Johnson ] , Matt Stafford , other guys like that . I 'd love to be a part of it . Charlie Sanders , one of the best [ tight ends ] in Detroit Lions history , to be there with him , to see his bust and obviously unfortunately he passed recently , it was special to me . I was really close to him . But , yeah , of course you think about the Hall of Fame . But I 'm very young . I think at this stage I have a lot of work ahead of me . ”
Suh is right .
Warren Sapp is probably a good standard for the kind of résumé that contemporary defensive tackles need to earn enshrinement . He was a seven-time Pro Bowler , the league 's defensive player of the year in 1999 , a member of the all-decade team in both the 1990s and 2000s and a Super Bowl champion .
Also , Suh trails Sapp by some 200 career tackles and 50 sacks .
So it 's no surprise then that Sapp is one of two named players whose careers Suh wants to emulate .
“ I think I 've always prided myself on wanting to be a guy who 's been very similar to the greats , ” Suh said . “ Obviously , Reggie White , Warren Sapp , guys at that caliber that have changed the game from that particular position . But I 'm only eight years into the league . They played many , many more years than me . ”
Suh added : “ I still have a lot of work ahead of myself . I think in this particular instances , one of the things that I would want for people to recognize from me is [ that ] you have to know where I am at on the football field at all times . If you do n't , I should be causing havoc . And even if you do , I still want to cause havoc . ”
He has , by and large , during his time in Miami . After a rough start to his time here , he 's given the Dolphins exactly what they expected . Coaches rave at how he regularly fends off double teams , and if he is n't part of a play on the front end he 'll sprint downfield to make a stop on the back end . Why ? Because that 's where the ball is .
Still , at age 30 , there 's reason to at least wonder how much longer he 'll be able play at this level .
Suh does n't have that answer but instead is focusing on the present . That 's what Lions veterans Kyle Vanden Bosch and Corey Williams did when Suh 's career was just starting .
He 's obsessive when it comes to caring for his body and has been that way to some degree since college . He has “ five strenuous weeks ” of training ahead of him in Oregon once minicamp wraps up Thursday .
“ I think I 'm built for it , first and foremost , ” Suh said .
“ I think , at the end of the day , it 's about coaches and how they take care of us . [ Defensive line coach Terrell Williams ] does a great job , [ head coach Adam ] Gase does a great job in allowing us to get good quality reps. Getting the work that we need to get in , but we 're not beating ourselves up , especially in these particular instances . Obviously in camp , we saw a great gauge of that as well . I 'm not really worried about it . I 've always prided myself on playing as many plays as I can possible , and I just love being on the football field . ”
Film-wise , this was the best summer in recent memory ( no thanks to “ The Emoji Movie ” ) . Here are the top five films worth watching if you did n't manage to catch them in the last few months , plus the ones you should steer clear of .
The Best :
“ The Big Sick ” : On a surface level , “ The Big Sick ” seems to contend with too many rom-com cliches ( debilitating illness , cultural crosshairs and disapproving parents , to name a few ) . But the film , which tells the real-life love story of writer/star Kumail Nanjiani and his now-wife , Emily Gordon , never lags or feels derivative . Everything topical , from Uber to 9/11-generated stereotypes , is handled with the right dose of dark humor and heart from Nanjiani ( and co-writer Gordon ) .
“ Dunkirk ” : Telling the story of the 1940 military disaster through the eyes of British soldiers and the passengers of a heroic civilian boat , “ Dunkirk ” is a wholly immersive experience . It 's a sleek , high-pressure and fairly accurate account of what transpired at the titular beaches during World War II , and the cast provides a formidable foundation for Christopher Nolan 's awards season bait . Even Harry Styles delivers a convincing performance as a young , conflicted British soldier ( but do n't see “ Dunkirk ” for him — the star is newcomer Fionn Whitehead ) .
“ Baby Driver ” : Colorful , fun , narrated by killer music and still maintaining a tearjerker backstory , “ Baby Driver ” is the epitome of what a summer movie should be . Written and directed by Edgar Wright , this punchy crimefest is a high-speed , nonstop delight . I have n't downloaded a movie soundtrack so quickly post-screening since “ La La Land . ”
“ Wonder Woman ” : “ Wonder Woman ” is , admittedly , impaired by a cheesy screenplay and questionable special effects ( at least , in comparison to other superhero films of its caliber ) . But whatever it 's lacking , the film compensates for with sheer , unadulterated feminine power . The film sets a high standard not just for future comic-book-inspired features but for all films in general ; there should no longer be any doubt that females can kick ass at the box office , whether they 're on screen ( Gal Gadot ) or behind it ( Patty Jenkins ) .
Thousands took part in angry anti-U.S. demonstrations around the Muslim world Friday over the Trump administration 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
Palestinians clashed with Israeli security forces in the West Bank and around the Gaza border on the third consecutive “ day of rage ” over the decision , which sparked uproar among world leaders and upended decades of American policy .
The Palestinian Health Ministry said a 30-year-old was killed and that more than 35 other people were wounded in skirmishes between Israeli forces and protesters along Gaza 's border with Israel . It was the first death since the clashes started after President Donald Trump 's speech on Wednesday .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fresh protests erupt in West Bank cities and Jerusalem 's Old City 0:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Demonstrations also took place across the Middle East and around the Muslim world , many of them outside U.S. diplomatic outposts .
In the Jordanian capital of Amman , hundreds of protesters chanted `` Jerusalem is Arab '' and `` America is the head of the snake . ''
In the Pakistani city of Peshawar , more than 200 Islamists marched through the old city chanting anti-American slogans . U.S. flags and effigies of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu were burned during a separate protest outside the Peshawar Press Club .
Several thousand protesters gathered in front of the U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , where another Trump effigy was set alight .
Related : Trump 's Jerusalem move undermines U.S. interests , analysts say
In Indonesia , hundreds attended a rally outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta . Some waved Palestinian flags , while others shouted `` Allahu Akbar '' — or `` God is greatest . ''
Trump 's announcement also put in motion a move of the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv — a process that aides have said could take years .
The decision shows the president is “ part of the problem , not part of the solution , ” Ahmad Tibi , an Arab lawmaker in Israel 's Knesset , said Friday as a crowd began to gather at the city 's Damascus Gate . “ Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine and that is the way peace can prevail . ''
Protesters burn an effigy of President Donald Trump in front of the U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur . Fazry Ismail / EPA
Since the 1979 Camp David Accords , previous presidents have refused to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel or move the U.S. Embassy . The U.S. approach has been that Jerusalem 's status should be negotiated between the Israelis and Palestinians .
The Palestinians have sought the city 's eastern sector , captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war , as the capital of a future independent state . They fear Trump 's declaration essentially imposes on them a disastrous solution for one of the core issues in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian , who was due to meet Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for talks in Paris on Friday , said the U.S. had excluded itself from the Middle East peace process .
`` Until now it could have had a mediation role in this conflict , but it has excluded itself a little . The reality is they are alone and isolated on this issue , '' he said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Palestinian anger erupts in Jerusalem 's Old City 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In Jerusalem , police were quick to disperse crowds — including journalists who gathered to report on the protests — and officers on horseback charged into demonstrators in the Old City .
Micky Rosenfeld , spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , said border police , extra patrol units and undercover units would respond `` to any major incidents or illegal protests . ''
MILTON , ON – The Private Motortruck Council of Canada ( PMTC ) has unveiled the full agenda for its annual conference , scheduled for June 14-16 in Niagara Falls , Ontario . And registration opens today .
“ Each year we are told by those who attend that the PMTC Annual Conference is one of the most educational and networking values you will receive in the transportation industry , ” said Mike Millian , association president , referring to the event that will be hosted at the Crowne Plaza-Fallsview . “ This year we believe we have not only maintained this value , but have enhanced it . ”
The event begins with an Annual General Meeting on June 14 . Volvo Trucks Canada will host the PMTC Young Leaders Group Pre-Conference Reception for conference sponsors , council board members , and members of the PMTC Young Leaders Group .
Sessions on June 15 include a legal update ; using data to create efficiencies ; a U.S. regulatory update ; introduction of the 2017 PMTC Canadian Benchmarking Survey ; policies and procedures for medical marijuana and the effect that legalized recreational use could have on the workplace ; and the current and future state of autonomous vehicles .
The day also includes the Huron Services Driver Hall of Fame Luncheon , and is capped off with the chairman 's dinner .
The agenda for June 16 includes the risks associated with autonomous vehicles , the changing landscape of motor vehicle protocols , and presentations of the PMTC-3M Vehicle Graphic Awards .
For more information , see www.pmtc.ca .
The map shows a great deal of activity in the U.S. and Europe . But in war zones and deserts in countries such as Iraq and Syria , the heat map becomes almost entirely dark — except for scattered evidence of activity .
A closer look at those areas brings into focus the locations and outlines of well-known U.S. military bases , as well as other lesser-known and potentially sensitive sites — possibly because American soldiers and other personnel are using fitness trackers as they move around .
The Global Heat Map was posted online in November 2017 , but the information it contains was only publicized recently .
The data could provide information to someone who wants to attack or ambush troops , the Post reported .
Military officials are looking into the situation to determine how to respond .
`` DoD takes matters like these very seriously and is reviewing the situation to determine if any additional training or guidance is required , and if any additional policy must be developed to ensure the continued safety of DoD personnel at home and abroad , '' Maj. Audricia Harris , a Defense Department spokeswoman , told The Associated Press .
AKRON , Ohio ( AP ) — A northeast Ohio truck driver has been indicted on federal charges alleging he dumped wastewater into streams , killing fish and other wildlife while fouling the water .
U.S. Attorney Carole Rendon on Tuesday announced that 45-year-old Adam Boylen , of North Lawrence , was charged with four counts of violating the Clean Water Act .
The indictment states that Boylen was working for an Ohio-based company in spring 2016 when he repeatedly dumped wastewater into tributaries of the Tuscarawas ( TUHS'-cahr-was ) River . He was supposed to load wastewater from corporate facilities into a tanker truck for disposal at a designated site in Pennsylvania .
The indictment alleges the wastewater killed vegetation and some 700 fish and more than 3,000 minnows , frogs , tadpoles and crayfish .
Court records did n't show an attorney for the Stark County man .
Comments
comments
Poor old Gerard “ Gollum ” Henderson . His stock in trade for many a year has been picking up on petty errors among his foes , yet these days he 's having so many senior moments that his gotchas often as not end up being “ gotcha ( Media Watch ) Dog caught in your fly ” .
Here he is , on April 7 , in an interminable piece picking up Rob Manne on some alleged inaccuracy or other ( tb ; dr ) in a contribution to a recent anthology :
“ Robert Manne 's chapter titled ‘ An Academic 's Dozen : 1975-1988 ' covers Professor Manne 's first 13 years at La Trobe . [ I get it . It seems that ‘ the butcher 's dozen ' has now become ‘ the academic 's dozen ' . What fun — MWD Editor ] ”
Fun indeed , except that a baker 's dozen is 13 ( an extra roll added ) , while the far more obscure butcher 's dozen is 11 ( the 12th cut omitted as the meat is wrapped ) . Why the slip ? Well , Gollum was defending a few people from the murkier depths of the post-WWII right , where Vietnam was a noble cause , not a high-tech slaughter , Suharto 's 1965 coup was sensible politics , not genocide , and apartheid was to be defended to the hilt . Butcher 's dozen indeed .
He did n't do much better on Good Friday , noting that in the Middle East Christians are being persecuted and slaughtered in large numbers ( as a result of the chaos after the Iraq invasion , though he does n't mention that ) . That is comparable , apparently , to the situation in the West , where Christianity is being “ sneered at ” on Q & A . God no ! Not sneering ! How will the religion survive ? Apparently exercising your free speech rights in the West is the same act as denying them to someone in the Middle East , if the target is an approved right-wing victim .
Curiously enough , the question of whether Gollum himself is still a believer is an open one . Curiously , some years ago , on Q & A , his wife Anne , Bonnie to his Clyde , said that she was a “ cultural Catholic ” . “ That 's cheating , surely , ” said the late Christopher Hitchens , who was also on the panel . And it is . It 's using religion to underwrite right-wing politics , without feeling the need to respond to any of relgion 's ethical demands . The injunction against lack of charity , for example , which sin is characteristic of everything Gollum says and does in public . — Guy Rundle
THE ongoing proposal to upgrade and transform the N20 into a motorway linking Limerick and Cork has driven forward following a vote at council in Limerick .
Councillors this Monday voted to enter into an agreement with Cork County Council which will see Limerick City and County Council as the lead authority in the project .
This will mean that Limerick will play a frontline role in managing the different statutory steps to be taken , in designing the road and acquiring the land as well as in constructing the road .
The optimum route for the N/M20 , councillors were told , will be identified through the design process and in conjunction with the development of a business case .
However , councillors were assured , they , as well as members of the public and affected landowners , would be consulted extensively at all times during the design process , through individual meetings and public displays .
The N/M20 was identified as one of the major road improvement projects under Project Ireland 2040 National Development Programme and the National Planning Framework .
TEL AVIV — Israel is often described as `` the only democracy in the Middle East . '' But in recent weeks it has drawn criticism from human rights organizations by taking steps to ban the pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera .
Israel has opposed Al Jazeera for years , claiming it broadcasts biased coverage of conflicts and violence involving itself and the Palestinian territories .
The government took this one step further by pledging to ban Al Jazeera 's journalists , shutter its offices and block it from the airwaves .
So what 's going on ?
Backed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Israel 's communications minister , Ayoub Kara , accused the channel of inciting violence , particularly the recent flare-ups surrounding the historic Al-Aqsa mosque that sits in an area that is holy to both Muslims and Jews .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jerusalem 's Al-Aqsa Mosque Reopens to Prayers as Violence Subsides 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Some opponents have claimed the whole thing is a smokescreen to distract from corruption cases surrounding Netanyahu . Others have pointed out that the ban may be near impossible to implement .
For the ban 's supporters , however , the move is long overdue .
`` Al Jazeera has been guilty of terrible and fundamentally unprofessional reporting that uses incitement to please their radical paymasters in the Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood , '' said Dan Diker at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs , a think tank with ties to Netanyahu 's government , referring to two Islamist organizations based in Gaza and Egypt respectively .
`` Israel is saying , 'Enough is enough , ' and that you can not exploit our democratic system in order to assault our democratic country via your propagandistic and radical-Islamic reporting , '' Diker told NBC News .
The human rights organization Amnesty International disagrees .
`` This is a brazen attack on media freedom in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories , '' Magdalena Mughrabi , Amnesty International 's deputy Middle East and North Africa director , said in a statement Monday . `` The move sends a chilling message that the Israeli authorities will not tolerate critical coverage . ''
An employee works inside the office of the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera network in Jerusalem on Monday . Ammar Awad / Reuters
More locally , some see the development as emblematic of what they say is Israel 's wider culture of silencing critical voices — particularly from the Palestinian and wider Arab world in general .
`` Israel practices violence against the press and operates outside of the law . If they had anything against Al Jazeera , they would have gone to court , '' said Raed Othman , director of Ma'an , an independent Palestinian news agency . `` Anyone who criticizes Israeli practices or policy is always accused for incitement . ''
Although less severe in their judgment , leading international watchdogs such as Freedom House agree that Israel has been silencing some critical voices .
Freedom House , a Washington-based non-governmental organization , said Israel `` hosts a lively , pluralistic media environment in which press freedom is generally respected . '' However , `` due to ongoing conflicts with Palestinian groups and neighboring countries , '' it adds , `` media outlets are subject to military censorship and gag orders , and journalists often face travel restrictions . ''
Israel 's oft-touted label of `` the only democracy in the Middle East '' is supported by an annual report from the Economist Intelligence Unit , a London-based consultant group .
It categorizes Israel as a `` flawed democracy , '' the second-highest category in its rating system and one that includes no other Middle Eastern nation . States and territories such as Lebanon , Turkey , and Palestine are only classified as `` hybrid regimes '' between democracy and authoritarianism .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM JUNE 9 : Trump Says Nations Have Called on Me to Confront Qatar 's Terror Ties 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But the move to ban Al Jazeera does place Israel as an unlikely bedfellow alongside some authoritarian Arab states . Saudi Arabia , Egypt , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , and Jordan have all called for Al Jazeera to be banned as part of a wider diplomatic dispute with Qatar .
`` What is ridiculous is that a country that boasts of being a democratic model for the regions falls into line with countries that are notorious enemies of media freedom , '' Reporters Without Borders said in a statement .
`` Instead of taking advantage of the desire of certain Gulf states to censor Al Jazeera for purely political reasons , the Israeli authorities could instead set an example by defending media pluralism , which is essential , '' it added .
In calling for the ban on Sunday , Kara , the communications minister , even appeared to refer to this common ground .
`` Lately , almost all countries in our region determined that Al Jazeera supports terrorism , supports religious radicalization , '' the communications minister said , according to The Associated Press .
An employee watches a television in the office of Qatar-based Al-Jazeera network in Jerusalem on Monday . Ammar Awad / Reuters
At the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs , however , Diker maintained that Israel 's motives were not the same as its Gulf Arab neighbors .
`` Clearly there is a fundamental difference , '' he said . `` Israel was founded on a fundamentally democratic ideal , in which freedom of the press and expression is a fundamental part of its national identity culture . In the situation of the Gulf states and the Saudis , they are all [ trying to shut ] Al Jazeera in their boycott of Qatar . ''
He added that `` each country has its own national interests for taking action against Al Jazeera . ''
In reality , the ban may be very difficult — if not impossible — to implement .
Removing the credentials of Al Jazeera journalists , blocking its broadcasts and changing Israeli law would require cooperation from a web of security services , private companies and the parliament , a time-consuming and uncertain process .
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz also points out that `` most Al Jazeera viewers in Israel 's Arab sector do n't watch its broadcasts through national cable or satellite companies , but through private satellite dishes that receive hundreds of channels from Arab countries . Israeli authorities have no control over these channels . ''
It concluded : `` In practice , Al Jazeera will continue to broadcast as usual . ''
Salus Nutraceuticalsis is now using innovative nanotechnology to increase the effectiveness and bioavailability of popular dietary supplement product
Basking Ridge , NJ ( PRUnderground ) May 30th , 2018
Salus Nutraceuticals , a leading manufacturer and provider of full spectrum hemp-based CBD oil products , is now using innovative nanotechnology to increase the effectiveness and bioavailability of their popular dietary supplement product , PhytoLogica .
CBD oil has experienced a surge in popularity in recent months due to its many benefits and potential uses . It has also become popular with athletes because of its ability to help with muscle recovery , allowing them to have more success related to workouts and training sessions .
Because of its more recent popularity , there are more companies than ever producing CBD oil products and capsules , allowing the public to more easily access CBD oil and use it to its fullest potential as a dietary supplement . Only a few companies that specialize in CBD hemp oil , Salus Nutraceuticals being one of them , have been working to create more effective and bioavailable products as CBD oil products becomes more popular and more widely available . PhytoLogica is among the top and most trusted products to produce positive results based on experiences reported by many customers .
Most recently , Salus Nutraceuticals is utilizing nanotechnology to produce PhytoLogica softgel capsules that can be absorbed by the body four times faster than their counterparts , resulting in a dietary supplement product that works much more efficiently and effectively . This technology allows the company to have a laser focus when it comes to developing their PhytoLogica hemp oil softgels in the most bioavailable form . Not only does it help to have the proper balance of cannabinoids within the product formula , but this innovative technology also allows them to produce a product unlike any other found on the market to date .
Full spectrum Hemp oil softgels is a bit different than the widely-known CBD oil softgels or capsules that are often seen in many contexts . In addition to cannabidiol ( CBD ) , included in full spectrum products is a wide range of other hemp-based cannabinoids , as well as additional essential minerals , vitamins , and nutrients that can help your body perform to its best ability . By using the entire hemp plant ( rather than just cannabidiol ( CBD ) ) , the person using it will often find more positive effects when it comes to a person 's health and wellness and how they live their daily life .
Athletes have started to use CBD oil more and more since it 's no longer considered to be a bannable supplement by the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) . WADA removed CBD , an anti-inflammatory compound derived from hemp , from its 2018 prohibited substance list . Professional basketball player , Adam Kemp , is one of many PhytoLogica 's professional athlete customers and states that “ The Nanotechnology makes PhytoLogica Full Spectrum Hemp Softgels work quicker and stronger than comparative CBD capsules , it 's incredibly effective. ” Increasingly , athletes are turning to PhytoLogica to access the full spectrum CBD oil capsules , further supported by the fact PhytoLogica does not contain the psychoactive cannabinoid THC . PhytoLogica is significantly differentiated in a nanotechnology enhanced Zero THC full spectrum Hemp oil formulation .
About Salus Nutraceuticals
There is much to be said about this technology , and Salus Nutraceuticals is providing PhytoLogica nationwide at an affordable cost . For more information about PhytoLogica please visit www.phytologica.com . PhytoLogica customer support number is ( 800 ) 961-9550 , or email directly at support @ phytologica.com . The mailing address and location of the corporate headquarters is Salus Nutraceuticals , 233 Mt . Airy Road , 1st Floor , Basking Ridge , NJ , 07920 . Media inquiries can also be forwarded to these forms of contact . The statements regarding this product or treatment have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration . This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , or prevent any disease . The information on this website or in emails is designed for educational purposes only . It is not intended to be a substitute for informed medical advice or care . You should not use this information to diagnose or treat any health problems or illnesses without consulting your physician . The news site hosting this press release is not associated with PhytoLogica . It is merely re-publishing a press release announcement submitted by a company , without any stated or implied endorsement of the product or service .
Sports News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Nii Odartey Lamptey
A member of the 1991 Under-17 World Cup winning squad , Nii Odartey Lamptey , has called on the current Black Starlets side to unite and remain dedicated in their quest to win the trophy for the first time in 22 years .
Lamptey , who won the Golden Ball during the 1991 tournament in Italy , expressed the hope that the Starlets could fight for the coveted trophy with the kind of players in the team .
In an interview with the Daily Graphic ahead of Ghana 's opening game with Colombia today , the former Anderlecht midfielder said the players must avoid selfishness on the field by playing collectively as a team .
He noted that the trophy-winning squad of 1991 conquered the world as a result of long camping periods which bonded the team together to win the competition .
“ We were united as a team and we stayed in camp for a long time and that helped us a lot in winning the tournament .
“ We knew there were scouts out there and so we played our hearts out and helped ourselves in the game and that paid off against Uruguay , Brazil and Spain , ” said Lamptey as he reminisced his exploits at the 1989 and 1991 tournaments .
Lamptey advised the Starlets to stay focused on winning the cup and forgo any act of self-centredness that could affect the team 's cohesion just as they did in their time .
“ Our players also knew that there were scouts monitoring them so they put up their best to be noticed without being individualistic and I urge them to stick to that , ” the retired footballer said .
He , however , wants coach Paa Kwesi Fabin to correct the team 's challenges at the continental stage to prevent them from missing out on the ultimate
‘ NFF Must Learn Lessons From Eagles ' Defeat To Bafana '
Nigerian international and Fulham forward , Sone Aluko has urged the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) to learn lessons and move on from Super Eagles ' stunning defeat to South Africa last weekend in Uyo , saying there are lots of improvements to be made .
Goals from Tokelo Rantie and Percy Tau were all Stuart Baxter 's men needed to silence Nigeria at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium , Uyo – a result that could have big implications in the race for 2019 Africa Cup of Nations .
Though hurt about the three-time African champions losing their invincibility to Bafana Bafana , the 28-year-old whose brace rescued the team from defeat in 2014 is trusting the Eagles can make adjustments from the frustrations of their performance against the 1996 African champions .
‘ 'It was painful and every time Super Eagles lose it 's always painful , '' Aluko told Goal .
‘ ' I 'm a fan first and foremost and as somebody who wants to go back into the team it is even more frustrating because you feel like there is something you can help offer the team .
‘ 'It 's just ironical ; same stadium , same two nil . We lost this game 2-0 and when I played [ against South Africa in 2014 ] ; I scored two goals though there 's no saying if I played this game I 'd have scored two goals .
‘ 'But we should n't even be looking for miracles because the Super Eagles are big enough to win games . Any team can lose games , that can happen but I think the manner of the loss is what pains people the most . ''
Nigeria face Cameroon on August 28 as the race for 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia gets hotter , and Aluko reveals the kind of change Rohr 's men need .
‘ 'Well , success is not a very good teacher . Sometimes when you keep winning you 're successful you do n't actually learn much , '' he continued .
‘ 'But sometimes when you lose , it highlights the small errors and small margins you have to improve on .
‘ 'So if we take lessons from that defeat , the Super Eagles will be back . We were missing key players and the defending was n't great .
‘ 'The team did n't seem like it gelled well , so there are lots to take from the game . Even the attacking seems disjointed . Before facing Cameroon , there are lots of improvements that can be made . ''
The post ‘ NFF Must Learn Lessons From Eagles ' Defeat To Bafana ' appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — Hundreds of protesters gathered along Manhattan 's Fifth Avenue near Trump Tower on Monday evening , shouting angry slogans and holding signs with crossed-out swastikas and Confederate imagery .
The crowd was part of the continuing backlash against President Donald Trump for his tepid response to the deadly violence sparked by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , this weekend .
“ You have blood on your hands , ” protesters shouted , calling the president a white supremacist , before launching into a chant calling for his removal from office .
People look at a giant inflatable rat in the likeness of President Donald Trump , displayed near Trump Tower in New York on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . Brendan McDermid / Reuters
Demonstrators who spoke with NBC News said they took to New York 's streets to condemn the president —moments before his first official visit to his hometown since his inauguration — for his initial lackluster remarks condemning the violence in Charlottesville , which left 19 injured and one dead .
“ I wanted to put my body where my heart is , ” said Barbara Gates , 71 , a writer and editor from California visiting New York . “ What better place than the heart of it — Trump Tower . ”
Gates , who attended the protest with her sister Julie Spriggs , said she was “ horrified ” by the events that unfolded in Charlottesville , particularly the death of Heather Heyer , who died after a vehicle mowed down a group of counter-protesters at the white supremacist rally .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Condemns Hate Groups Days After Charlottesville Protest 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ He set this up all the lettering of his campaign put this in motion , ” Gates said , who had a sign stapled to her blouse that said “ Unfit ” with the text of the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution — which allows for the president 's removal from office .
She called his response to the violence called his “ wishy-washy , ” which was condemned by those on both sides of the political aisle as not forceful enough following the tumult in Charlottesville .
“ Anyone who can not name our enemy is not fit to lead our country , ” read a sign held by Morgan Halberg , 30 , who lives in New York 's Financial District and works as a recruiter for a financial company .
She lifted the words from a speech then-candidate Trump gave on the campaign trail , where he was referring to calling out Islamic terrorism .
Halberg said she , too , placed the violence that ensued over the weekend on Trump . She said he emboldened the so-called alt-right , a wing of the conservative movement the blends racism , populism and white nationalism .
“ He gave them a platform , ” she said . “ He knows this is his base . He knows they 're acting in his name . ”
NYPD officers appear to detain a protester outside Trump Tower in New York ahead of the president 's arrival later this evening https : //t.co/rlyBOKGXti — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) August 14 , 2017
During the campaign and into his presidency , Trump has struggled with questions about his support among some white nationalist-affiliated groups .
On Monday afternoon , President Trump called hate groups by name and racism “ evil ” following the widespread criticism of his initial speech , in which he blamed “ many sides . ”
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in prepared remarks at the White House .
“ His response today was obviously pressured and weakly-worded , ” Halberg said . “ It 's sad that we have a president that ca n't condemn one of the easiest groups in history to condemn . It took until today to say the words KKK , neo-Nazi . ”
“ We live in 2017 and racism is still prevalent enough that this is the talking places on a college campus , ” she added .
A stone 's throw away from the gilded walls of Trump Tower , an anti-Trump protester also installed a giant inflatable balloon depicting the president as a rat . John Post Lee , the artist who created the balloon , told NBC New York the idea came to him several months ago and he raised $ 10,000 through a Kickstarter campaign to create it .
Protesters gather in New York on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . Craig Ruttle / AP
Dante Plush , a 24-year-old public school teacher from the Bronx , said the events in Charlottesville were the catalyst for him to come out to Monday 's protest . He said the only point of reference he had for white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan marching in public was in an AP History course in high school .
“ Now we have white supremacists walking in the daylight , ” Plush said . “ That illusion of a post-racial America was shattered this weekend . ”
“ He [ Trump ] emboldened these people , ” Plush added . “ It 's another opportunity for groups like the KKK to be mainstream again . ”
Image caption The grave was rededicated in a ceremony on Wednesday
A Brecon school teacher awarded the Victoria Cross more than a century ago has had his grave rededicated at Monmouth cemetery .
Cpl William Allen 's actions allowed patients to be evacuated from the field hospital during the battle of Rorkes Drift in 1879 .
Cadets refurbished his grave after a visiting comedian noticed it had fallen into disrepair .
The hero was portrayed by actor Glynn Edwards in the film Zulu .
Cpl Allen received Britain 's highest award for bravery for fighting to keep the communication lines open despite being severely wounded during the battle in South Africa .
After his wounds were treated , he fetched ammunition for soldiers as the battle raged throughout the night .
Image caption Cpl William Allen 's actions allowed patients to be evacuated during the battle of Rorkes Drift in 1879
Cpl Allen was 35 when he received the Victoria Cross from Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle in December 1879 for his actions , after which he was promoted .
He served as an instructor with the 4th Volunteer Battalion in Monmouth and died in service .
Prior to his army career , he had been an assistant schoolmaster at the Brecon Barracks .
Ian Lawrence , Commander of the Combined Cadet Force at Monmouth School , said Cpl Allen was a fantastic soldier , but had a lengthy record for misdemeanours .
He said : `` He was n't a particularly decent soldier in terms of conduct , his conduct record was as long as my arm , he loses his stripe for drinking too much and abusing an officer .
`` However he was taught to read and write by his Sergeant Major and he turned his life around '' .
Image caption Comedian John Martin said the grave was in poor condition before the cadets refurbished it
Members of the Royal Welsh regiment and local cadets rededicated his grave on Wednesday after comedian John Martin noticed it was in poor condition .
`` I visit some graves and they are spectacular , I just thought it was a real shame that this hero 's grave had fallen into such disrepair , '' he said .
`` It 's amazing what they 've done now . ''
New York Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez ( 6 ) reacts to an injury during the second half of a preseason NFL football game against the New York Giants , Saturday , Aug. 24 , 2013 , in East Rutherford , N.J. A shoulder injury needs to be checked out as it could mean torn ligaments . Julio Cortez AP
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
SEATTLE ( AP ) Ichiro Suzuki received a rousing ovation Monday for his first at-bat in Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club .
The Japanese star spent his first 11 1/2 American seasons with Seattle , getting 2,533 hits before heading to the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins .
He batted ninth for Miami on Monday in his first appearance at Safeco since June 12 , 2014 , when he was with the Yankees .
With the Mariners leading 3-0 , Suzuki grounded out to second to end the third inning .
The 43-year-old got his 3,000th career hit last season , and the Mariners had a pregame video tribute for him on the scoreboard , followed by an introduction at home plate with several former Seattle teammates . Suzuki also had 1,278 hits in nine seasons in Japan .
Suzuki entered with one hit in 12 at-bats this season .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
1:27 Why is Kemba struggling ? Pause
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets ' loss to Clippers
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
NASHVILLE — A second-half surge sent Middle Tennessee to another win over a Southeastern Conference opponent .
The Blue Raiders ( 7-1 ) erased a first-half deficit by opening the second half with an 8-0 spurt and never trailed Mississippi again Saturday night .
Nick King scored 25 points and Brandon Walters added a career-high 20 as Middle Tennessee won its fifth straight with a 77-58 victory over Ole Miss .
“ I thought the key was really the first four minutes of the second half , ” MTSU coach Kermit Davis said . “ I thought our team started sharing the ball more . We finally got into rhythm . ”
Middle Tennessee improved to 7-0 against SEC and Big 10 opponents since 2015 .
Walters hit 8 of 11 from the field and all four of his foul shots . The 6-foot-10 forward from Chattanooga blocked four shots and made four steals in 34 minutes — all career highs .
“ Since last year , he 's lost 18 more pounds , ” Davis said . “ He 's in great shape . He played behind Reggie ( Upshaw ) and JaCorey ( Williams ) and now you just see him kind of blossom . ”
Giddy Potts added 14 points , including three 3-pointers .
Blue Raiders point guard Tyrik Dixon , limited to six minutes due to a bone bruise in his knee in Wednesday 's win at Vanderbilt , had a career-high nine assists and no turnovers .
“ Coach always preaches to us about being a national team , ” said King , an Alabama transfer . “ We 're getting the opportunity and we 're taking advantage of it every single game . As a mid-major , we 've got to have that edge every single day and we ca n't lose it , and I think that 's what 's keeping us ahead of the SEC teams . ”
Middle Tennessee improved to 6-3 against Ole Miss .
Marcanvis Hymon led Ole Miss ( 4-4 ) with 12 points . Ole Miss ' Bruce Stevens and Terence Davis added 10 points each .
The Rebels lost their third consecutive game , including two overtime setbacks .
Ole Miss coach Andy Kennedy did n't attend the postgame press conference .
BIG PICTURE
Ole Miss : The Rebels got outscored 44-24 in the second half as a 34-33 first-half lead disappeared quickly .
Middle Tennessee : The Blue Raiders are 2-0 against the SEC this season . King heated up after a slow start in the first half .
BIG D
Middle Tennessee 's 1-3-1 zone defence held Ole Miss to a season-low 58 points . Ole Miss ' offence entered the game ranked fourth in the SEC ( 83.7 ppg ) . “ The biggest thing you 've got to do to Ole Miss is you 've got to get back , ” Davis said . “ If those guards get it in transition off your live-ball turnovers , they 're great in transition. ” MTSU made just six turnovers .
ROAD STRETCH
Middle Tennessee wo n't be back in the Murphy Center for 33 days , the nation 's fourth-longest road stretch .
The Blue Raiders ' next home game is Jan. 11 against Louisiana Tech .
UP NEXT
Ole Miss hosts Sam Houston on Wednesday .
Middle Tennessee visits Auburn on Saturday for its third straight-game against an SEC opponent .
Wigan Athletic have added a glamour tie against Premier League giants Liverpool to their pre-season schedule .
Liverpool visited the DW Stadium last summer as part of a memorable weekend double-header that also brought Jose Mourinho and Manchester United to town .
And Jurgen Klopp will once again be bringing his star-studded squad up the East Lancs to kick-off Wigan 's pre-season programme next month .
The match will take place on Friday , July 14 , kick-off 7.30pm .
Tickets will go on general sale on Monday , June 19 , priced £15 adults , £10 under 18s , £5 under 11s and £2 under 5s .
Home supporters will be initially allocated in the West Stand .
Away supporters will initially be allocated in the East Stand .
The match will be Paul Cook 's first in charge of Latics following his summer arrival from Portsmouth .
Latics travel to Southport four days later ( July 18 ) , before visiting Notts County the following Saturday ( July 22 ) .
Next up is the long trek up to Hartlepool on Tuesday , July 25 , before a journey across the M62 to Grimsby on Saturday , July 29 .
The League One campaign kicks-off on the weekend of August 4/5/6 .
1:36 Miami Heat 's Hassan Whiteside talks about being poked in his right eye Pause
2:04 Miami Heat 's Waiters says `` it looks real promising '' he 'll return for West Coast trip
3:32 Pat Riley discusses Miami Heat 's offseason , Dwyane Wade 's departure
3:14 Video : Doctor explains blood clots and how they affect the Miami Heat 's Chris Bosh
1:29 Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about Chris Bosh
2:44 Miami Heat 's Goran Dragic addresses Chris Bosh news , Dwyane Wade departure
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
STORAGE heaters are costing local authority tenants €10 to €20 a day during bad weather , Abbeyfeale councillor Francis Foley FF has claimed .
“ They can not afford it . It is putting extreme costs on them , ” he said at last week 's meeting of the Newcastle West Municipal District .
“ Storage heaters might have sounded great a few years ago but now it is a disaster , ” he added .
But he urged the council to come up with a scheme to replace storage heaters as the main source of heat in local authority houses .
There was also a problem with certain wood pellet stoves that had been installed in some council homes and which now could not be serviced , Cllr John Sheahan FG said . But he supported Cllr Foley 's call for a scheme to replace storage heaters and asked that the top officials from the council 's housing section would attend a meeting to discuss the issue .
“ How many are reliant on storage heaters , ” Cllr Seamus Browne SF asked , pointing out that they were not positive from a sustainability and environmental point of view .
HAPPY VALLEY GOOSE BAY , N.L . — Friends of a Labrador mayor say he somehow got on a snowmobile and reached a nearby highway to flag down help after he was shot in the lower face while hunting .
Mayor John Hickey of Happy Valley-Goose Bay is in critical but stable condition after having surgery Sunday in St. John 's .
Provincial Speaker Perry Trimper has known Hickey for 30 years and says the mayor was out alone Saturday with a shotgun checking rabbit snares when he was wounded .
He says it took a superhuman effort for Hickey to reach the road for help , where a passing driver called an ambulance .
Trimper says Hickey has not been able to communicate exactly what happened .
Town councillor Lori Dyson says a candlelit vigil is planned for Tuesday night at the town hall in Happy Valley-Goose Bay .
Trimper said it 's not clear how his friend was shot .
“ I guess John would be the only one to be able to tell us , ” he said Monday in an interview . “ He enjoys getting into the woods and that 's what he was doing . ”
“ He was taken to the hospital right away and had a very difficult night Saturday night . Several of us were there with him through the evening . ”
Hickey was flown to St. John 's on Sunday where he had surgery .
Trimper and his wife Caroline had just spent Friday evening with Hickey and his spouse Peggie Best at an awards ceremony for firefighters .
“ We could n't have had a better evening . ”
Dyson is part of Hickey 's large extended family and said the youngest children know him as “ Papa John . ”
“ There 's an enormous amount of concern from the community and so many prayers have been sent , ” she said from Goose Bay .
“ It 's only speculation of how exactly the accident happened . John is a Labrador man so he was out on the land for sure doing what he loves , hunting and checking his snares and stuff . ”
“ Right now everything is certainly just focused on John 's recovery . ”
Dyson said it was crucial that help arrived so fast . Hickey had recently pushed for better emergency response after public complaints .
“ There was a very quick response from the ambulance which is now operated out of the hospital here as opposed to the defunct ambulance service that John was instrumental in getting out of town , ” Dyson said .
“ One of the nurses was saying that John inadvertently saved his own life . ”
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
3:11 Pet pig 's botched butchering leads to arrest
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on his term as North Carolina 's governor
Oldham Athletic boss John Sheridan is frustrated after their late defeat by Walsall , their third straight loss this season .
At the conclusion of team drills for Day 2 of Saints minicamp , there was only one player everyone in the building was talking about : Marshon Lattimore .
The rookie corner has been grinding to keep pace with the diverse and talented New Orleans receiving corps and was finally able to turn some heads after making consecutive pass breakups during a mock two-minute drill .
Bree takes another shot down left sideline to Michael Thomas , who had a step on Marshon Lattimore . The rookie CB closed , knocked pass away . — Herbie Teope ( @ HerbieTeope ) June 14 , 2017
The first was a sideline pass from Chase Daniel to Michael Thomas that Lattimore closed on and batted away . The second was a pass over the middle from Daniel to Brandon Coleman that Lattimore stripped away before the 6-foot-6 , 225 pound receiver could haul it in .
It was easily Lattimore 's best practice so far this offseason , drawing praise from fans , media , teammates and even head coach Sean Payton .
Sean Payton referenced Kendrick Lamar , re : what Marshon Lattimore is up against as a rookie CB . `` They 're all gon na get in line to see him . '' — Albert Breer ( @ AlbertBreer ) June 14 , 2017
Payton also spoke briefly on former Seahawks defensive tackle Tony McDaniel , currently a free agent , who worked out with the team today , saying he could have a role on early downs for the defensive line .
Running back Mark Ingram also talked to the/ media Wednesday , speaking mostly about the backfield situation with the additions of Adrian Peterson and third-round draft pick Alvin Kamara . He pointed out that he has been a part of a shared backfield since his rookie season and has still found ways to be productive .
That does n't mean he wo n't continue to find ways to boost that production , however .
Mark Ingram said the next step for him is to be more productive . He wants more rushing yards , more receiving yards and more TDs . — Josh Katzenstein ( @ jkatzenstein ) June 14 , 2017
Ingram also said that he hopes the Saints look to run the ball more this year , as both he and Peterson want the ball and the team might have “ the best offensive linemen in the league. ” As for Kamara , Ingram said that the rookie runs routes well , catches well , and has “ a bright future . ”
Leading up to Lattimore 's big plays , Kamara caught passes on four out of five consecutive plays in the two-minute drill . The former Volunteer has impressed early on and received praise from Drew Brees today as well .
Drew Brees on Alvin Kamara : `` Extremely intelligent and consciousness , '' `` He 's fit in really really well . Only have to show/tell him once '' — John Hendrix ( @ JohnJHendrix ) June 14 , 2017
Brees also spoke on the running back situation , and called Ingram “ one of the best all-purpose backs in the league ” when asked if he was under-appreciated . He also talked about the team 's emerging secondary , declaring Delvin Breaux as the team 's top corner and saying that Lattimore has impressed him with his growth .
Finally , wide receiver Willie Snead said he 's not worried about his contract situation but is hoping it is resolved before camp , and center Max Unger said that he is targeting a week one return from his Lisfranc surgery .
At its Monday meeting , the Alexandria City Council set a public hearing for Oct. 9 to consider the request .
Unique Development LLC is proposing to eventually build four 15,000-square-foot buildings on McKay Avenue , between Sixth and Seventh avenues . Each building would house six three-bedroom units , five four-bedrooms and one five-bedroom .
The TIF that 's being requested is only for the first phase of the project . The total cost of all four phases would amount to $ 6 million .
The apartments would be available for households with incomes that are 60 percent or less than Douglas County 's median income . Also , restrictions will be placed on the rents so they wo n't exceed those allowed by the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency , according to Nicole Fernholz , director of the Alexandria Area Economic Development Commission .
The property is owned by LifeRight Outreach , a nonprofit organization , and is currently tax-exempt . The development would increase the value of the land and building to $ 1.3 million , Fernholz said .
The developers requested tax assistance for 18 years . Since the property is already tax-exempt , no property taxes would be collected during that time , saving the developers a projected $ 122,000 , which must be used to help cover the costs of developing the land .
In their TIF application , the developers , Samuel and Patrick Herzog and Troy Johnson , all from Fergus Falls , noted that Alexandria has very few large affordable housing units .
`` This project will draw larger families into the community that may not be prepared to purchase a home at the time of their moving , '' they stated . `` It will allow a family with children to transition into putting roots down in the community and look for their Alexandria 'forever ' home while still working for a local company . ''
If the financing is approved , the project could begin this fall and wrap up next May .
Special events
The council issued special event permits for the following activities :
-- Faith Rose 5K Infant and Pregnancy Awareness Walk Run on Oct. 7 from 7 to 11 a.m. at City Park .
-- Minnesota Senior Men 's Amateur Baseball Association State Tournament at Knute Nelson Memorial Park on Aug. 18-20 . The Alexandria Youth Baseball Association requested the permit . Garden Center will provide food and alcohol .
-- End the Silence 5K , sponsored by the Community Suicide Awareness and Education Group , on Sept. 23 from 8 a.m. to noon at the Alexandria YMCA .
-- Run for the Cops Family Fun 5K Walk/Run on Aug. 26 from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office watershed building .
Ordinance changes
The Alexandria City Council took final action on three ordinances .
A dance ordinance was eliminated . Last tweaked in 1992 , it required people to get a license if they hold public dances that require dancers to pay a fee . Other rules prohibited alcohol , prostitutes , and inebriated persons from attending and require a police officer to be present .
The city now issues special event permits for dances and events and outdoor music is addressed in the city 's noise ordinance .
Changes were also approved for an ordinance that loosens the rules for parking on grass in the front , rear or side yards of single and two-family homes . Vehicles and equipment may now be parked or placed on grass areas in rear yards as long as they 're not closer than 5 feet to a property line .
Council member Todd Jensen noted that in the city right now , there are probably about 200 vehicles illegally parked on grass . Under the modified ordinance , there would n't be as many violations .
Also , new rules are now in place for people want to hold , carry or wear signs on city property . A permit is n't needed as long as they express noncommercial messages that are within the protection of the First Amendment .
The signs must be held by a person or personally attended ; inanimate signs that are left unattended may not be displayed regardless of the type of message .
A more controversial ordinance — one that would ban the drilling of new private wells — is scheduled to be on the council 's agenda for Aug. 28 . On a 3-2 vote , it received preliminary approval at the council 's July 24 meeting .
New ramps on Geneva Road
New ramps that comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act will soon be built on the bicycle/pedestrian trail along Geneva Road , between Birch Avenue and County Road 73 .
The city completed the reconstruction work on Geneva last year but recently learned that the ramps on both ends of the project have to be redone because of a recent change in accessibility requirements.The work will correct the grade and cross-slope where the ramps transition to the paved trail . About 50 feet of the trail on each end will be reconstructed .
The cost is about $ 11,500 and will be covered through state and federal funds . The work will take place this fall .
Rest area improvements ?
Improvements are being planned for the Lake Burgen rest area — but they 're five to eight years down the road .
City staff recently met with representatives with the Minnesota Department of Transportation and learned that money has been set aside for rest area projects . The state 's new model for rest areas is to make them appear more like a visitor center than simply a rest area .
Sevilla have received no offer from Barcelona for centre-back Clement Lenglet and are in talks with the Frenchman regarding a contract extension that will increase his release clause , according to club president Jose Castro .
Lenglet has gained many admirers since joining Sevilla from Nancy in January 2017 , quickly securing a first-team role under Jorge Sampaoli and remaining a key figure this season , playing 35 times – more than any of his team-mates – in LaLiga .
Reports of Barça 's interest were prominent for much of the campaign and there have even been claims the club already have an agreement with Lenglet .
But Castro insists he sees no reason not to be optimistic about Sevilla 's talks over a possible contract extension for Lenglet , as they hope to increase his €30million release clause .
Speaking at the presentation of new coach Pablo Machin , Castro said : `` We have no record of Lenglet having an agreement with any other club and we have no reason to think that he will leave Seville .
`` The news that comes out can come out . The meetings we 've had are to increase his clause and renew .
`` We will continue talking and we will meet again in a few days , but at no time has he told us about other clubs or any offer .
`` We do not know of offers neither through the representative nor from any club , aside from what we read in the media . ''
If Lenglet does remain at Sevilla , he will begin the new season with a fifth coach in a year and a half at the club , with Machin following in the footsteps of Jorge Sampaoli , Eduardo Berizzo , Vincenzo Montella and Joaquin Caparros , who is now director of football .
And Machin expressed great confidence in his own abilities during his presentation to the local media on Wednesday .
`` So far I have always fulfilled the objectives that I have been asked , sometimes even surpassed them , '' Machin told reporters .
`` I know perfectly the club that I come to and that I am responsible for putting Sevilla back where it deserves to be . I am completely prepared . ''
WASHINGTON — GOP Rep. Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania , an anti-abortion lawmaker who allegedly urged his mistress to have an abortion when he thought she was pregnant , is resigning from Congress .
House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday announced Murphy 's resignation , which takes effect Oct. 21 .
Ryan , R-Wis. , said he supports the resignation and said the decision was Murphy 's .
`` I 've spoken to Tim quite a bit the last few days , '' Ryan told reporters at an event in Chestertown , Maryland . `` I think it 's appropriate he moves on to the next chapter in his life . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep . Congressman Tim Murphy Resigns in Disgrace 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Wednesday , Murphy announced he would not seek re-election , saying he would `` take personal time to seek help as my family and I continue to work through our personal difficulties . ''
He previously admitted an affair in a statement last month .
Murphy 's decision came after the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette published text messages between Murphy and Shannon Edwards .
A Jan. 25 text message from Edwards told the congressman he had `` zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options , '' according to the newspaper .
A text message from Murphy 's number in response said his staff was responsible for his anti-abortion messages : `` I 've never written them . Staff does them . I read them and winced . I told staff do n't write any more . ''
Edwards , it turned out , was n't pregnant . Murphy recently acknowledged his affair with Edwards , which became public as a result of her divorce proceedings .
The revelation came as the House on Tuesday approved Republican legislation that would make it a crime to perform an abortion after 20 weeks of fetal development . Murphy , a member of the House Pro-Life Caucus , is among the bill 's co-sponsors and voted for it .
The Post-Gazette also published a six-page memo apparently written by Murphy 's congressional chief of staff and dated June 8 , in which she accused Murphy of subjecting his staff members to `` threats , hostility , anger and harassment . ''
Neither Murphy nor his office has commented on the newspaper report .
Murphy is serving his eighth term representing a district in southwestern Pennsylvania , including parts of suburban Pittsburgh . The district is a safe Republican seat , with Republican Donald Trump beating Democrat Hillary Clinton by a margin of three-to-two in last November 's presidential election .
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . — Purdue centre Isaac Haas appears to be done for the season even if Purdue 's medical team or its crack engineering department can create an elbow brace that allows him to play in the NCAA Tournament .
Even if the NCAA approves a protective device for Haas ' fractured right elbow , coach Matt Painter said , there are still limitations and it would n't be beneficial for Haas ' health .
“ He had the best brace you can have and he could n't shoot right-handed free throws with it , ” Painter said Monday . “ He wants to play . But at the end of the day , you have to put people out there who can help you . ”
The 7-foot-2 , 290-pound Haas was injured during the second half of last Friday 's win over Cal State Fullerton when he crashed hard to the floor while fighting for a rebound . The next day , the Boilermakers ' trainers and doctors explored options to give the Alabama native a chance to come back . They fitted him with a bulky brace , which allowed Haas to run with his teammates at practice .
But the NCAA disallowed the contraption out of safety concerns for other players .
Even if officials had allowed Haas to play with the device , Painter was concerned about his limitations — the inability to make free throws and grab rebounds with both hands — making him an even bigger target for opponents to challenge and foul .
“ He 's going to need surgery and they 're going to have to put a couple of pins in there , ” Painter said . “ They say it ca n't get worse unless he falls , but people who cover us know he falls all the time . ”
Haas did not speak with reporters Monday , and his absence in Sunday 's second-round game did n't hurt Purdue ( 30-6 ) , which beat Butler 76-73 to reach its second straight Sweet 16 . Purdue faces Texas Tech ( 29-6 ) in Boston on Friday .
Back on campus , word trickled down to Painter that some in the school 's well-regarded engineering department were seeking a solution that would allow Haas to use both hands effectively .
“ I think they 're working on something , a class project or something , ” Painter said . “ But I really do n't know . ”
Painter commended Haas for staying engaged and providing leadership since suffering the injury . The big senior was Purdue 's second-leading scorer at 14.7 points and No . 2 rebounder at 5.7 . He also blocked 46 shots .
Matt Haarms , a 7-3 redshirt freshman , replaced Haas in the starting lineup while 6-10 Jacquil Taylor , who had been used sparingly this season , joined the rotation .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Why it matters to you If you 're in the market for an affordable portable gaming laptop , Origin PC 's latest offering ticks a lot of boxes .
Origin PC is looking to expand its portable gaming range of laptops with the new EON15-S . Packing an Nvidia GTX 1050 Ti graphics chip alongside Intel core processor technology and up to 6TB of storage , it should be quite a versatile machine . Better yet , it weighs five pounds and is just more than an inch thick .
The Origin PC EON15-S will start at $ 1,000 with a base configuration that includes an Intel Core i3-7100H from the seventh generation of Intel CPUs . Depending on your preferences , that can be paired up with up to 32GB of DDR4 memory with options for Kingston HyperX Impact 2,133Mhz , G.Skill Ripjaws 2,666Mhz , and Origin 's own branded kits .
Other CPU options include an Intel Core i5-7300HQ clocked at 2.5Ghz and a Core i7-7700HQ clocked at 2.8GHz . Whatever options you go for though , the GTX 1050 Ti 4GB graphics chip is identical in each configuration . That goes on to power the 1,920 x 1,080 , 15.6-inch IPS matte display , according to Tom 's Hardware ) .
When it comes to storage there are plenty of options . You can opt for everything from 120GB , all the way up to two terabytes of M.2 solid-state storage , as well as a secondary 4TB SATA SSD if you need it , though there are also more typical hard drive options and hybrid , flash-caching drives .
Connectivity wise , the Origin PC EON15-S comes with USB 3.0 Type-C and Type-A ( x2 ) ports , as well as an additional USB 2.0 port . There are also two miniDisplayPort connections and a singular HDMI port , so you can output to several external displays with this laptop if you so choose .
All configurations come with an RGB backlit keyboard which can be tweaked with back-end software and a battery that should last up to six hours , though of course , we all know how those can be exaggerated .
The EON15-S laptop comes with a matte-black casing , though in typical Origin fashion , it has options for various metallic colors and themes , though they can cost up to $ 250 extra . Regardless of options , all come with Origin PC 's lifetime service and support guarantee , as well as a 45-day no-dead-pixel guarantee .
Additional warranties and protections are available at an added cost .
TORONTO — One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching his bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday , with an expected attack on both the party he hopes to lead and the one he wants to topple .
Doug Ford , brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford , will hold a rally to kick off his effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election .
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month , forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne .
Ford , who was the first to announce his candidacy , says it 's time to wrest control of the party from “ elites ” and speak up for people he feels have been shortchanged by Wynne 's government .
Political observers say the combination of name recognition , a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership .
“ Doug Ford ca n't be underestimated in this race , ” said Rob Leone , a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University .
Leone said Ford , who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014 , has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization , which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight , five-week timeline . Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2 , with results to be unveiled March 10 .
“ The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand , ” he said . “ It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement . I think that when you have a less established brand , it becomes harder to do . ”
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the greater Toronto area . In a province where Wynne 's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates , he said Ford 's messages may find favour “ in all pockets of the province . ”
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research , for instance , identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement .
In the national poll , 38 per cent of respondents in Oshawa held viewpoints suggesting they had a negative perception of their own economic outlook and the prospects for the next generation 's , as well as a sense they 're not getting ahead . Those themes figure prominently in Ford 's political rhetoric . The results were well ahead of the national average .
Laure Paquette , a political science professor at Lakehead University , agreed that Ford would likely find support in more far-flung areas of the province that have voiced discontent with the status quo .
Paquette said Ford 's name is known in northern Ontario , and his populist message will “ play well ” relative to the more moderate tone expected by declared contenders such as former MPP Christine Elliott .
But Paquette said Ford 's appeal to a specific type of voter wo n't be enough to help him carry the day , saying party members may choose to focus on a leader with a better shot of defeating Wynne .
Paquette said Ford 's message will also likely be overshadowed by what is expected to be a faceoff between Elliott and Caroline Mulroney , the daughter of a former prime minister who is widely expected to announce her own candidacy in the coming days .
“ I think he 's going to get drowned out , ” she said . “ The donnybrook between Caroline and Christine Elliott will be one for the ages . ”
CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists
Vanguard
They are Mark John Taylor , El Shafee Elsheik , Anjem Choudary , Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford . Terrorists ( SDGT ) . Director , Other Financial Institutions , CBN , Mrs. Tokunbo Martins disclosed this in a letter posted on apex bank 's website yesterday .
and more »
Four women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct before he took office called on Congress to investigate the allegations as America 's watershed # MeToo moment continues to unfold .
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks , appearing together on `` Megyn Kelly Today '' on Monday , described separate interactions with the president in years past , with one of the allegations dating back several decades . Lisa Boyne , who also came forward last year , joined the others via phone for a news conference hours later .
Holvey said when she competed in Trump 's Miss USA pageant in 2006 , Trump came backstage unexpectedly when she and other contestants were wearing nothing but robes and he personally inspected the contestants .
“ I just felt so gross , ” she said . `` Just looking me over like I was a piece of meat . ”
“ Nobody dreams of being ogled when you 're a little girl wanting to wear a crown , '' she added .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump 'kept kissing me ' in Trump Tower , woman says : ' I was devastated ' 6:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Holvey said she was inspired to go public again as more and more women have spoken out about harassment in their own lives . In recent months alone , the avalanche of sexual misconduct scandals , tipped off by the accusations against Harvey Weinstein , has toppled at least 29 men in entertainment , business and the news media . Three members of Congress , accused of a wide range of inappropriate behavior , announced their resignations last week .
`` It was heartbreaking last year ... we 're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there and try to show America who this man is and especially how he views women and for them to say 'Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt , '' Holvey said . `` And so now it 's just like , let 's try round two . The environment 's different , let 's try again . ''
Crooks said Trump forcibly kissed her multiple times during an interaction near an elevator bank in Trump Tower in 2005 while working for a third-party company .
“ He held onto my hand , and he kept kissing me , '' she said . Afterward , she ran into her boss ' office and said she called her sister .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Woman accusing Trump of groping her : ' I would like to see that he 's not Teflon ' 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` And I was like , ' I do n't know what just happened but I felt horrible , ' '' she said .
Leeds alleged that more than three decades ago during a flight Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt .
`` I do remember , at one point out of my side eye thinking that guy sitting across the aisle , why does n't he come to my defense ? Where 's the stewardess ? '' she said . `` But then , when [ Trump 's ] hand started going up my skirt — I 'm not a small person — I managed to wiggle out and stand up , grab my purse and I went to the back of the airplane . ''
Leeds said that she is speaking out again because “ I would like to see that he 's not Teflon . ”
At a separate press conference Monday , the four women said Congress should investigate the accusations against the president , expressing concern that even as other powerful men are being held accountable , Trump remains exempt .
`` Things were flying all over the place '' after the Weinstein story , Leeds said . `` And it became apparent that in some areas the accusations of sexual aggression were being taken seriously and people were being held accountable , except for our president , and he was not being held accountable , '' she added .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Woman accusing Trump of sexual misconduct : 'Everybody has a story ' 7:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Crooks said that if the Senate was willing to probe the groping allegations against Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , who resigned last week , lawmakers should do the same for Trump .
`` I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump 's history of sexual misconduct , '' she said .
Those figures are based on the greenhouse gases your child and their offspring would have put into the atmosphere as a result of their daily living . Each parent is responsible for half of a child 's lifetime greenhouse gas emissions , a quarter of his or her grandchildren 's emissions , and smaller fractions of more distant descendants ' emissions , according to the study .
Obviously , society would eventually collapse if everyone stopped having children . And Bastien Girod , a sustainability researcher at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , is n't sure that having smaller families is a realistic solution to the global warming problem .
“ People want to reduce environmental emissions , but they will start where it hurts least , ” he says , adding that the biggest impact will come from many people taking small steps rather than a few people making drastic lifestyle changes .
And he says that our children may prove to be the ones who come up with even more effective approaches to protecting our planet .
“ Children can not only be part of the problem , but also part of the solution , ” he says . “ To say having less kids is the best thing you can do for climate , I would n't subscribe to that . ”
Another problem with the fewer-children argument is that it would take centuries to reduce the number of people on the planet , Chris Goodall , an author who writes about sustainability and energy , told The Guardian . “ In some ways [ the study ] will just reinforce the suspicion of the political right that the threat of climate change is simply a cover for reducing people 's freedom to live as they want , ” he added .
Wynes acknowledges that how many babies to have is a very personal decision . His research is n't meant to guide national policies or to pressure people into having smaller families , he says . But it could give people more information to consider when they 're deciding how many children they want .
“ For me personally , the climate is very important…I want to leave a healthy atmosphere for future generations , ” he says . “ It 's something I 'm going to be cognizant of , but not everyone is in the same place . ”
The findings were published July 12 in the journal Environmental Research Letters .
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
In recent months alone , at least 29 powerful men in entertainment , business and the news media have been publicly condemned for their alleged sexual misconduct and many have lost their jobs as a result . The backlash and national conversation have spurred a chorus of voices joining the # MeToo movement .
That focus has lately turned to national politics .
The allegations , reactions and consequences span a wide range . Al Franken resigned as a U.S. senator for Minnesota , while Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore continued to campaign — even garnering the support from President Donald Trump , himself the target of at least 16 sexual misconduct allegations .
Here 's a list of national political figures who have been accused of sexual harassment , assault or both since October . This article will be updated as needed .
Rep. Trent Franks
Number of accusers : At least 3
Rep. Trent Franks , R-Ariz. , takes his seat as he arrives for the House Judiciary Committee hearing on oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Dec. 7 , 2017 . Bill Clark / CQ Roll Call via AP Images
Rep. Trent Franks , R-Ariz. , abruptly resigned from Congress on Dec. 8 , after Speaker Paul Ryan confronted him about the allegations and as the House Ethics Committee announced it was investigating potential incidents of sexual misconduct .
The committee said it was planning to investigate if Franks `` engaged in conduct that constitutes sexual harassment and/or retaliation for opposing sexual harassment . ''
He originally said he would step down in January but resigned on Dec. 8 , saying in a statement that his wife had been admitted to the hospital the night before .
`` After discussing options with my family , we came to the conclusion that the best thing for our family now would be for me to tender my previous resignation effective today , December 8th , 2017 , ” Franks wrote .
The eight-term Arizona lawmaker said in a statement on Dec. 7 that he made two women in his office feel uncomfortable by discussing his interest in finding a surrogate mother . His wife has struggled with infertility , Franks said .
Related : Arizona Rep. Trent Franks quits after asking female staffers about surrogacy
`` I have recently learned that the Ethics Committee is reviewing an inquiry regarding my discussion of surrogacy with two previous female subordinates , making each feel uncomfortable , '' Franks said in a statement . `` I deeply regret that my discussion of this option and process in the workplace caused distress . ''
The following day , a former aide to Franks told The Associated Press that the congressman repeatedly pressed her to carry his child , at one point offering her $ 5 million to do so .
The former aide said Franks asked her at least four times if she would be willing to act as a surrogate mother to his child in exchange for a payment .
The AP verified the staffer 's identity and confirmed that she worked in Franks ' office . The AP said she requested anonymity out of concern for her privacy .
Rep. Ruben Kihuen
Number of accusers : 1
Nevada state Senator Ruben Kihuen speaks to the crowd and their voting support of him , Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton , and other Democrats at the Southwest Regional Council of Carpenters building on Saturday , Oct. 28 , 2016 . ( L.E . Baskow/Las Vegas Sun via AP ) L.E . Baskow / AP
The top House Democrat called on fellow Democratic Rep. Ruben Kihuen of Nevada to resign after a former aide accused him of repeatedly making sexual overtures to her during his 2016 campaign .
The woman who accused Kihuen , identified only as 25-year-old Samantha , told BuzzFeed News that the lawmaker continued to proposition her with dates and sex after she rejected them . She also said Kihuen touched her thighs twice without her consent .
Kihuen , 37 , said he did not recall his alleged actions toward the aide , whom he described as a `` valued member '' of his campaign . The congressman is a former Nevada state legislator and was sworn in as the first Latino to represent Nevada in the House of Representatives .
Related : Top House Democrat calls on Rep. Ruben Kihuen to resign after sexual harassment allegation
`` I sincerely apologize for anything that I may have said or done that made her feel uncomfortable , ” Kihuen told BuzzFeed News . He also said he wanted to `` make it clear that I do n't recall any of the circumstances '' described in the allegations .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi responded to the allegations against Kihuen by calling on him to step down .
Rep. Blake Farenthold
Number of accusers : 1
Rep. Blake Farenthold , R-Texas , leaves a meeting in the Capitol in 2015 . Bill Clark / CQ Roll Call via AP
Rep. Blake Farenthold , R-Texas , settled a sexual harassment claim made by a former employee in 2014 , two sources told NBC News .
The news constitutes the first taxpayer-funded settlement of its kind that has been made public so far .
The woman who lodged the complaint , Farenthold 's former communications director , Lauren Greene , said the lawmaker engaged in sexual harassment and gender discrimination , and created a hostile work environment . Both Farenthold and Greene agreed in 2015 to settle out of court .
In a closed-door meeting with House Republicans on Dec. 1 , Rep. Gregg Harper of Mississippi , the top Republican on the House Administration Committee , said the Office of Compliance made only one settlement for sexual harassment complaints .
That settlement was made in the amount of $ 84,000 since 2012 , Harper said in the meeting .
Related : Rep. Blake Farenthold settled sexual harassment claim for $ 84,000
Two sources familiar with the case told NBC News that that it was for Greene 's complaint against Farenthold . Politico first reported that Farenthold was the congressman involved in the settlement .
“ While I 100 % support more transparency with respect to claims against members of Congress , I can neither confirm nor deny that settlement involved my office as the Congressional Accountability Act prohibits me from answering that question , ” Farenthold said in a statement .
Rep. John Conyers Jr .
Number of accusers : Multiple
Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich. , walks down the House steps after a vote in the Capitol on Sept. 27 , 2016 in Washington . Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call file
Rep. John Conyers Jr. , the longest-serving active congressman and a founder of the Congressional Black Caucus , retired from the House of Representatives on Dec. 5 after multiple allegations of sexual misconduct were lodged against him .
Conyers , an 88-year-old Michigan Democrat , made his announcement on a local Detroit radio station while calling in from a nearby hospital .
“ I am retiring today , I want everyone to know how much I appreciate the support , ” Conyers told Mildred Gaddis , a morning host on Detroit FM-radio station Praise 102.7 .
Conyers announced his retirement after the House Ethics Committee said it was investigating multiple sexual harassment allegations made by former aides .
The latest allegations , which surfaced the night before Conyers ' announcement , involve former staffer Elisa Grubbs claiming that the congressman `` inappropriately touched '' her and other women while she worked in his office from 2001 to 2013 .
Grubbs said Conyers put his hand up her skirt and touched her thighs while they sat next to each other in the front row of a church . She said she responded by jumping up and exclaiming in front of other staffers , “ He just ran his hand up my thigh ! ”
In another incident , Grubbs said she `` immediately ran out of the house '' after Conyers walked out of his bathroom naked while knowing she was present .
Related : John Conyers retires from Congress , endorses son , amid harassment scandal
Conyers returned home to Detroit the week before he announced his retirement , where he was hospitalized for a stress-related ailment .
In his Dec. 5 radio interview , Conyers denied all allegations against him . “ Whatever they are , they are not accurate or they 're not true and I think that they , they 're something that , ” he said . “ I ca n't explain where they came from . ”
Sen. Al Franken
Number of accusers : 8
U.S . Senator Al Franken addresses the media outside his office on Capitol Hill in Washington on Nov. 27 , 2017 . Yuri Gripas / Reuters
Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , announced on Dec. 7 that he would resign from the Senate following multiple sexual misconduct allegations and mounting pressure from 35 fellow Democrats to step down from his post .
Franken was first accused by radio news anchor Leeann Tweeden , of KABC in Los Angeles , of forcibly kissing and groping her in 2006 when they were overseas as part of a USO show . He `` came at me , put his hand on the back of my head , mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth , '' she wrote in a blog post .
`` I immediately pushed him away with both of my hands against his chest and told him if he ever did that to me again I would n't be so nice about it the next time , '' she added . `` I felt disgusted and violated . ''
`` The first thing I want to do is apologize : to Leeann , to everyone else who was part of that tour , to everyone who has worked for me , to everyone I represent , and to everyone who counts on me to be an ally and supporter and champion of women , '' Franken said in a statement .
Related : Al Franken resigns , blasts Republican hypocrisy on sexual misconduct
Only days later , Lindsay Menz , 33 , told CNN in an interview that Franken grabbed her rear when they posed for a photo together in 2010 at the Minnesota State Fair .
Franken said in a statement to CNN that he felt `` badly , '' but did not remember his encounter with Menz .
On Nov. 22 , two unidentified women told HuffPost that Franken touched their rears inappropriately on the in the past . One of those women said Franken groped her while they posed for a photo .
`` I 've met tens of thousands of people and taken thousands of photographs , often in crowded and chaotic situations . I 'm a warm person ; I hug people , '' Franken said in his apology following the report . `` I 've learned from recent stories that in some of those encounters , I crossed a line for some women — and I know that any number is too many . ''
Franken addressed the sexual misconduct allegations during his resignation speech on the floor of the Senate , and said when the conversation turned to his behavior , he chose to be `` respectful of that broader conversation '' because he believes `` all women deserve to be heard , and their experiences taken seriously . ''
`` I also think it gave some people the false impression that I was admitting to doing things that , in fact , I have n't done , '' Franken said . `` Some of the allegations against me are simply not true . Others , I remember very differently . ''
Roy Moore
Number of accusers : At least 9
Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in Alabama Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally on Sept. 25 , 2017 in Fairhope , Alabama . Scott Olson / Getty Images file
Roy Moore , the Republican nominee for Senate in Alabama , has been accused of sexual misconduct by at least nine women only weeks before to the special election to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
On Nov. 9 , The Washington Post first reported that Moore allegedly forced a 14-year-old girl into a sexual encounter in 1979 when he was 32 .
Leigh Corfman , now 53 , told The Post that Moore took off her “ shirt and pants and removed his clothes , ” touched her “ over her bra and underpants ” and “ guided her hand to touch him over his underwear ” during the encounter when she was 14 .
Three additional women said in that same report that Moore had made inappropriate overtures to them while he was in his early 30s and they were between the ages of 16 and 18 . None of the three woman said Moore forced them into any sort of relationship or sexual contact , The Post reported .
Related : Report : Woman Says Roy Moore Initiated Sexual Activity When She Was 14
More women have come forward to various media outlets since The Post 's initial report , describing the Republican nominee for Senate engaging in sexual misconduct throughout his career .
Moore , now 70 , heatedly denied the women 's allegations in a statement through his campaign , calling the reports “ a baseless political attack ” and “ the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation . ”
George H.W . Bush
Number of accusers : 7
United States Vice President George H.W . Bush at the 1988 Republican Convention at the Super Dome in New Orleans , Louisiana on Aug. 18 , 1988 . Arnie Sachs / Arnie Sachs/picture-alliance/dpa
Seven women from separate incidents have accused former President George H.W . Bush of inappropriately touching them from behind while they posed beside him for photos . Some said he also told them a dirty joke .
The first sexual misconduct allegation against the former president was made by television actress Heather Lind , who said in a now-deleted Instagram post that Bush touched her during a 2014 screening of her AMC series , “ TURN : Washington 's Spies , ” in Houston .
In the photo , Lind appears next to Bush , who 's seated in a wheelchair , while his wife , former First Lady Barbara Bush , was also present .
Related : Former President George H.W . Bush Accused by Heather Lind of Touching Her
`` At age 93 , President Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for roughly five years , so his arm falls on the lower waist of people with whom he takes pictures , '' Bush spokesman Jim McGrath said in a statement . `` To try to put people at ease , the president routinely tells the same joke — and on occasion , he has patted women 's rears in what he intended to be a good-natured joke . ''
Another actress , Jordana Grolnick , accused the former president of inappropriately touching her in 2016 . Author Christina Baker Kline also came forward to accuse Bush of sexual misconduct in 2014 , while Amanda Staples , a Republican candidate for Maine 's Senate , said he touched her in 2006 . Retired journalist Liz Allen also said she was inappropriate touched by the former president in 2004 .
Another accuser , Roslyn Corrigan , told Time magazine that Bush touched her from behind during a photo op when she was 16 in 2003 . McGrath said in response that Bush `` does not have it in his heart to knowingly cause anyone harm or distress . ''
In the latest accusation , a Michigan woman told CNN that Bush grabbed her during a photo-op in April 1992 , while he was in office .
`` We got closer together for a family photo and it was like , 'Holy crap ! ' It was like a gentle squeeze , '' the unidentified woman told CNN .
While Android Pay may have stolen the thunder in terms of Google 's various methods of moving money from one party to another , Wallet is still up and running for those times when you 've just got to move a few bucks between friends . The latest update looks basically identical to the last few versions , but a teardown of the app shows there are going to be a few changes to the security model that should reduce a little bit of friction and make the app much more convenient than it was in the past .
Teardown
Disclaimer : Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks ( Android 's application package ) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information . It 's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong . Even when predictions are correct , there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely . Much like rumors , nothing is certain until it 's officially announced and released . Disclaimer : Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks ( Android 's application package ) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information . It 's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong . Even when predictions are correct , there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely . Much like rumors , nothing is certain until it 's officially announced and released . The features discussed below are probably not live yet , or may only be live for a small percentage of users . Unless stated otherwise , do n't expect to see these features if you install the apk .
Fingerprint support
The fingerprint scanner on most modern phones is a massive time saver for those of us that have our phones secured . In fact , it has become a pretty standard feature for apps that handle financial transactions . Actually , I bet most people would doubt me if I said the Google Wallet app does n't currently allow speedy access with a fingerprint , but it 's true . But fortunately , that wo n't be the case for much longer . Some new strings in the v20 update show that fingerprint scanner support is coming soon .
code Fingerprint enabled
Set up fingerprint on your device first
Fingerprint
Confirm your fingerprint
Unlock Wallet
Touch sensor
Fingerprint not recognized
Fingerprint recognized
Its a quick , easy way to unlock Wallet
Turn on fingerprint
Touch sensor to turn on
The new lines look consistent with similar apps , so there 's nothing special to reveal beyond simply saying fingerprint support is coming . Of course , that 's enough to significantly improve Wallet since the PIN entry gets to be quite annoying , especially if you 're using it so infrequently that the PIN becomes forgettable . And that happens to be a perfect lead-in to the next topic ...
Changing the PIN rules and switching to a Google Account PIN
PIN codes are often used to add a little more security to debit and credit cards , bank accounts , and various other systems that deserve a little more protection than just a password . The problem with attaching PIN codes to everything is that they are easy to forget , especially if there are too many and they are n't used frequently . This is probably a common problem with Google Wallet , which requires a PIN code to access the app .
It looks like Google recognizes that too many separate products use distinct PINs and decided to do away with Google Wallet 's dedicated system . Taking its place is the Google Account PIN , a more universal system that has been adopted across a handful of Google 's other services and apps . Google Play and G Suite already support Google Account PINs , so many people may already have one . If not , Wallet will offer to set one up .
code Google Wallet will no longer use the Payments PIN . If you 'd like to continue using a PIN to access your Wallet app , you 'll need to create a Google Account PIN . This PIN is used for other Google apps , too .
Google Wallet will no longer use the Payments PIN , which means one less PIN for you to remember . Since you already have a Google Account PIN , you 'll just need to switch over .
Switch to Google Account PIN
Create Google Account PIN
From now on , you 'll use this PIN to access your Google Wallet app . You can also use fingerprint .
From now on , you 'll use this PIN to access your Google Wallet app .
Switched to Google Account PIN
Wallet supports the Google Account PIN
As Google 's text points out , the major advantage of this is that many people will have one fewer PIN to remember . Of course , there are plenty of people that do n't have a Google Account PIN , so this wo n't change much for them .
`` Your Google Account PIN is different from PINs you might have for other Google products , like Google Voice , Google Wallet , and Google Ads . '' - From the current Google Accounts PIN support page
Seeing as Google 's support pages currently specify Wallet as one of the apps that uses a different PIN , it 's safe to say the conversion has n't begun yet , but it 's probably not too far off .
That 's not where things stop , though ; Google appears to be relaxing the security rules in another way . Two final lines make it look like Wallet users may finally get the option to drop the PIN code requirement entirely .
Do n't use pin anymore
You no longer need a PIN to access Wallet .
This will be the perfect solution for those that keep their phones securely locked most of the time or do n't have any payment methods set up in Wallet . For everybody else , it 's probably still advisable to keep security enabled , but that should n't be nearly as annoying once we can use a fingerprint for security .
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app . The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way . Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices , which can take days , download and install it just like any other APK .
Version : 20.0.158862257
Raia : Don Bosco Oratory Fatorda defeated Dicarpale SC 5-4 via the tie-breaker to move into the semi- final of the BSCA Cup football tournament , organised by Barebhat Social and Cultural Association-Raia , in association with Snows Football Academy and Sports Authority of Goa , at Raia ground , on Sunday.Don Bosco Oratory started the match on the front foot and had their first shot at the rival goal in the 10th minute when Creston Araujo found Francis Andrade in the rival territory and the latter 's effort was easily saved by the Dicarpale keeper.In the 14th minute , Agnelo Colaco of Dicarpale SC should have found the ball at the back of Don Bosco nets but his goal bound shot was parried by the keeper .
Dicarpale almost took the lead in the 27th minute but Mable Miranda 's left footer hit the upright and went out of play.At the other end , Fatorda were also denied by the crossbar when Francis ' long-range effort hit the woodwork.DBO finally took the lead in the 36th minute when Francis Andrade 's curl shot beat the keeper off Cliff Barreto 's assist . Fatorda had a glorious chance to double the lead in the 38th minute but Roque Borges failed to hit the target with only the keeper at his mercy.Within ten minutes , Dicarpale leveled terms through Perryson Rebello foxed the rival defenders and tapped the ball into the empty nets off Sunny Niasso.The scores were tied 1-1 at full time.In the resultant tie-breaker , Don Bosco Fatorda netted through Francis Andrade , Rogue Borges , Cliff Barreto and Craston Araujo while Sunny Niasso , Perryson Rebello and Agnelo Coloaco scored for Dicarpale SC .
Don Bosco Oratory Fatorda will lock horns with Parish Youth Nuvem in the semi-final on January 7.On Saturday , Parish Youth Nuvem defeated Navelim Villagers Union 6-5 via the tie-breaker to move into the semi-final.In the 3rd minute , Navelim 's Cleton Gomes rolled the ball to Clinton Niasso inside the Parish Youth Nuvem box but the latter shot straight at the Nuvem goalkeeper.Nuvem 's Gammy Costa on receiving a pass from the midfield , dribbled past couple of defenders and shot at the goal , but his effort was brilliantly blocked by Inacio Colaco in the tenth minute.Navelim 's Aulon Gomes header missed the Nuvem nets in the 15th minute .
Gammy Costa of Nuvem had the best opportunity to score in the 18th minute but Presley Gomes of Navelim thwarted his move.Parish Youth Nuvem tried again through Hayson Velho in the 45th minute but his goal bond shot hit the Navelim goalpost and went out of play.Hayson Velho of Nuvem failed to convert from close range of Gammy Costsa connect in the 49th minute.In the resultant tie-breaker , Parish Youth Nuvem tried to be better shooters . [ H ]
Video
The 'Knitting Nanas ' have been meeting for seven years and are now teaching students in South Wales how to knit .
They say it helps them tackle loneliness in old age while passing new skills to the younger generation .
For more about the Knitting Nannas watch Wales Live on iPlayer
Getty Image
Wikileaks ' alleged campaign against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton throughout the election has spurred plenty of bipartisan caution . Yet that has n't stopped Fox News personality Sean Hannity from openly embracing the website 's editor-in-chief Julian Assange , who remains sheltered in London 's Ecuadorian embassy while evading calls for his arrest . Hence the anchor 's September interview with him back in September , and the Fox News Channel 's Monday announcement that Hannity will be flying to London to chat with Assange in person .
Politico 's Alex Weprin and other political reporters broke the news on Twitter , explaining Hannity and Assange would meet at the Ecuadorian embassy and record the interview , which is scheduled to air on Fox News Tuesday evening .
Inbox : Sean Hannity traveling to London to interview Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorian embassy . Airs tomorrow . — Alex Weprin ( @ alexweprin ) January 2 , 2017
( Interview starts airing tomorrow and snippets continue being broadcast throughout week , per Fox ) — Oliver Darcy ( @ oliverdarcy ) January 2 , 2017
Prior to Wikileaks and Assange 's continued involvement in the American presidential election , Hannity railed against the Australian fugitive back in 2010 . At the time , the media watchdog organization leaked hundreds of thousands of classified diplomatic cables to the press — a move Hannity mulled over countless times on his show .
“ Then 390,000 other documents were released . Many of them classified documents . And now we have this . What is — why ? Why did n't they go after this guy and why did n't they arrest him ? Why did n't they stop this from being published when we had so much time to do it ? ” Hannity exclaimed in reaction to Assange 's sexual assault charges in Sweden . “ Why ca n't Obama do something about the WikiLeaks ? We got this four months ago . You know , we can stop pirating a music and Hollywood movies , but we ca n't stop this guy from stealing highly classified documents that put people 's lives at risk ? ”
( Via Alex Weprin on Twitter and The Daily Beast )
Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings ' season finale against the Chicago Bears .
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process . Police have n't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon .
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass . Formal charges are pending .
The game was n't interrupted , but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution .
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois . Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts . The pipeline developer disputes that .
SAN MARCOS , Calif. ( KGTV ) - Several people in a San Marcos gated community have reported being targets of package thieves , according to one victim who spoke with 10News . The Sheriff 's Department is looking at surveillance video , which appears to provide several leads .
Mikayla Manos says a package was sent to her home on Almond Drive Friday . Manos is a mentor for foster children . The package contained the personal items of one of those children , which she was asked to deliver to him . When Manos arrived home , she did not see the package .
Manos checked with her next-door neighbor , who has a surveillance camera . Video from Friday afternoon shows a girl walking past Manos ' home . She turns and points toward Manos ' porch and can be heard saying `` get it '' .
The video shows what appears to be a boy picking something up from Manos ' porch , although the package can not be clearly seen from the camera angle . At least two voices can be heard off camera . One is heard saying `` I ca n't wait to wear these to school tomorrow . '' Mano says clothes are among the items stolen .
Mano says she knows of at least three other neighbors who were victims . 10News spotted an empty Nordstrom bag ripped open on one neighbor 's porch , while another neighbor tells 10News someone stole items from his garage when he briefly left it open around the same time .
Several package boxes were found dumped nearby , including Manos ' . Some of the foster child 's items were recovered , but many remain missing .
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened ?
0:41 What 's next for Eastland Mall
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
Connacht coach Kieran Keane has paid tribute to departing local hero John Muldoon ahead of his last cap for the province .
The Westerners take on Leinster in their final fixture of the regular Pro 14 season in a game that will bring down the curtain on a memorable 15-year career of Connacht legend Muldoon .
Muldoon is hanging up his boots at the end of the season to take on a coaching role with English club Bristol , linking up with former coach Pat Lam , and the 35-year-old will bow out on Saturday night against the Conference B leaders .
The 326-game career – a Connacht record that looks set to stand for quite a while – has established Muldoon as a club legend and current coach Keane has paid tribute to his departing captain .
`` He 's a really good bloke , earthy , my type of fella , he loves a chat , he 's just a good bugger , '' Keane told RTE Sport .
`` I sought him as a colleague , a captain and a leader of fellas and he has proven to be the real deal .
`` Time waits for no man and everybody knows when their legs are starting to go and Mul 's a truthful man , and he knows that some spark might be going .
`` But man , he 's a resilient character , he 's never injured , he 's in great nick , he goes all day , he 's like a steam train .
`` The one [ trait ] that will stick out for me is his resilience . I think resilience is an underrated quality in a human and in a sportsman . He exemplifies resilience for me . ''
Keane admitted that he has been disappointed with his side 's results this year as Connacht only managed six wins out of 20 league fixtures , and the coach believes that a large chunk of those 14 defeats could have been avoided .
`` The results have been poor and we 're really disappointed by that fact .
`` And perhaps when we look back , we 'll remember the ones that we lost in the last five minutes , and there might be five or six of those . But there is a lesson in there and we have to pick those lessons up and carry them forward .
`` But I 'm an optimistic fellow . I think there are some really good young men in this place and we are coming together as a group .
`` We have had a massive amount of change that they have had to put up with . But they 're good men , good community fellas , good Connacht fellas . ''
Keane also lamented the fact that his side missed out on a victory over Leinster in the reverse fixture in Dublin earlier this season , but given the occasion of Muldoon 's final fixture , coupled with the hunger that the squad are showing in training , Keane feels that his squad may just have one final performance in them to fit the occasion .
`` Leinster will be on it , but we feel a little bit miffed that we did n't win in Dublin when we had a royal chance to do so . But we get another shot .
`` And judging by the way that they were training to day , the boys will be up for it . ''
We 're all probably guilty of it at some point . We 're looking at our phones and we get so engrossed with what 's on the screen that we forget the world around us . What we may not all be guilty of though , but that many people still do , is looking at phones while walking on the street , and even worse , while crossing the street . That `` zombie '' behavior not only endangers the pedestrian doing it , but also the incoming drivers , other pedestrians , and everyone on the road .
Dutch town Bodegraven is starting a trial for a new traffic light that wants to solve that issue by providing more visual feedback for smartphone users in an angle that makes sense to them : down on the floor . Since every zombie pedestrian has their face most likely tilted down to check their screen , they should spot the illuminated strip of light on the floor that tells them they 're about to cross the road and also lets them know whether they can do that or they have to wait until the light turns green .
The system is called +Lichtlijn and hooks into the traffic light and synchronizes with it . It 's been built by HIG Traffic Systems and has only been installed at one intersection in Bodegraven , at Goudseweg / Vrije Nesse to test it out . However , the Dutch road safety lobby group VVN is not happy about it , saying it rewards bad behavior . But the town officials have a different outlook and seem more realistic than idealistic . Their thinking is that the trend is already established and difficult to reverse , so anticipating problems and trying to avoid them is a good way to solve the zombie pedestrian problem .
Police have cordoned off a Croydon street following a reported stabbing .
Emergency services are at the scene in Longheath Gardens in the Ashburton ward .
A Met Police spokesman confirmed their officers have been called to reports of a stabbing but was unable to provide any further detail at this time .
He said officers were initially called at Police called 5.55pm to Longheath Gardens .
It has been claimed on social media that the incident involved someone on a moped but this has not been confirmed by any official source .
We will be bringing you the latest on this incident with our live blog below .
If you have any information or have been past the scene , email dave.comeau @ essnmedia.co.uk or call 07388 962957 .
Almost Done !
Please confirm your details below .
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you . The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you . You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile . Birthdate { * birthdate * } Gender { * gender * }
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers ( e.g . epaper , Digital Access , Subscriber Rewards ) , please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code . { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * } { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * }
{ * # socialRegistrationForm * } { * firstName * } { * lastName * } { * emailAddress * } { * displayName * }
By clicking `` Create Account '' , I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account .
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia 's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia 's Privacy Statement . I consent to the collection , use , maintenance , and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia 's Privacy Policy .
{ * backButton * }
{ * /socialRegistrationForm * }
For 54-year-old Nashville native Marbie Sebes , going out to eat is n't easy anymore .
Three years ago , the Nashville hospital administrator had a severe allergic reaction that landed her in the intensive care unit for two days .
“ It was August of 2014 and we were having family dinner . We had gone out and purchased shrimp and mahi mahi . We usually do that once a month to treat ourselves , but after dinner I started to feel some real stomach distress , ” Sebes said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Adult Food Allergies : Severe Reactions Up More Than 300 Percent in Last Decade 1:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ I never felt anything like this before . I had no problems in the past ; I ate shellfish … I love shellfish . I ate sushi all the time , shrimp , crab , lobster , all that . Never had any problems with anything , ” she said .
But two minutes later , Sebes found herself vomiting uncontrollably . She broke out into hives and a rash that started on her torso quickly spread until she was covered with raised bumps from head to toe . By the time Sebes reached the hospital , she could hardly breathe .
Women prepare shellfish at the Little Saigon Night Market at Asian Garden Mall in Westminster , California . Christine Armario / AP
“ I could n't breathe , I could n't swallow , my itching was getting much worse , and my tongue was swelling more , ” Sebes said .
“ It was terrifying . ”
“ I could n't breathe , I could n't swallow , my itching was getting much worse , and my tongue was swelling more . ”
Sebes was eventually injected with an EpiPen and experienced a full recovery . But these near-fatal food reactions are all too common — and on the rise , especially in adults who had never previously experienced allergic food reactions before .
“ We have noticed that the prevalence of food allergy has tripled in the last 20 to 30 years , ” said Dr. Jonathan Hemler , pediatric allergy and immunology specialist at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine .
Related : New Peanut Allergy Guidance : Most Kids Should Try Peanuts
`` It 's very concerning because we do n't really have a good explanation as to why this is happening , '' he said . `` Along with the increase in food allergy , we 're also seeing more severe anaphylaxis events happening where adults have to go to the emergency room to get treatment . ''
According to data from FAIR Health , an independent , nonprofit organization focused on transparency in healthcare costs and health insurance information , private insurance claim lines with diagnoses of anaphylactic food reactions rose 377 percent from 2007 to 2016 . And half of adults with food allergies developed them after the age of 18 .
“ We are seeing more adults that have food allergy come into our practice and we 're often seeing more severe reactions occurring , adults that needed to go to the emergency room for their reaction , a true anaphylaxis , ” said Hemler . “ It can be very scary because there 's nothing you can do to predict whether you 're going to have a food allergic reaction . ”
Related : Allergic to Peanuts ? Tree Nuts May Be OK
The FAIR Health report also found that peanuts were the most commonly identified food causing anaphylaxis , accounting for 26 percent of those claim lines . Tree nuts and seeds were a close second at 18 percent , respectively . The shellfish allergy that affected Sebes was also found to be common , causing anaphylaxis 6 percent of the time .
The most common category , however , was `` other specific foods '' — 33 percent — which typically means the food causing the anaphylactic reaction is unknown . This category rose 71 percent from 2007 to 2016 .
Theories explaining the increase in adult food allergies range from vitamin D deficiency to alterations in gut bacteria due to the combination of a more clean environment and Western diet . Researchers also say that eating too much processed food might also increase one 's risk to develop food allergies .
Doctors are putting a renewed emphasis on the importance of eating a varied diet with lots of fruits and vegetables in hopes that these rates will decrease in the future .
And for patients like Sebes , this is a welcomed development .
“ This was a life-changing event , I do n't eat out as much . I had to sort of re-learn how to shop because it 's amazing how many products that you buy have been manufactured some place where they process shellfish or crustaceans , ” Sebes said .
“ One wrong bite and I do n't know what would happen , '' she said . `` I just know that I do n't want to test it . That 's for sure . ”
By Hayden Wright
The video for Maroon 5 's “ Cold ” is on its way and to whet their fan 's appetites the band released a teaser featuring Adam Levine and his Victoria 's Secret model wife Behati Prinsloo . In the clip , Levine recounts an acid trip triggered by a strange incident during a night out .
“ It was weird . Somebody slipped something into my drink , ” Levine says . “ I think it was acid because I started tripping balls . Future turned into a teddy bear and James was getting blown by a chicken . It was crazy . ”
Related : Adam Levine to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
“ I got arrested when the cops came , but they were n't really the cops , ” he says . “ It was like this adorable little cartoon stripper and she gave me an adorable little cartoon lap dance . That was weird , and then these two girls pulled me into a room for a threesome . ”
The twisted tale goes on and on , perhaps signaling some spoilers for the full video . In the teaser , disinterested Prinsloo just wants to go back to bed .
Kara Goldin started the company Hint , to make water taste better with natural flavors . She read `` How to Make a Spaceship '' by Julian Guthrie , which taught her that dreams can happen with a lot of creativity and hard work .
Finally , Bobbi Brown , who founded one of America 's top makeup brands under her own name , suggests everyone read `` Breaking Night '' by Liz Murray . The memoir proves that with hard work and a positive attitude , anything is possible when you put your mind to it .
For more tips like these , check out the MSNBC Your Business Facebook page , or tune in to MSNBC at 7:30 a.m . ET on Saturdays and Sundays .
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry , his head covered by a towel , laughs with teammates during a game Feb. 26 . On Friday he will meet with a Union County boy who has a rare , serious disorder . Kathy Willens AP
Angry Birds Evolution is a new take on the franchise , but it 's still more of the same
American muscle is legendary in the car world , and these 10 cars are the cream of the crop
Like food , music , or literature , every country puts its own spin on cars . While European and Japanese firms are known for emphasizing handling , the American approach has traditionally been all about power .
In the 1960s , American automakers began stuffing the biggest engines they could find into the smallest , lightest chassis that would hold them . It was a time when performance was as important a marketing angle as smartphone connectivity is today , and it birthed American muscle cars .
Traditionally , a muscle car 's performance is defined by the size of its engine . As the saying goes , there 's no replacement for displacement . Modern American performance cars are more well-rounded , but big engines and lots of horsepower are still their calling card .
Many great muscle cars have been unleashed over the years , but this list represents our top 10 . We 've got something from every major manufacturer , including plenty of classics and a handful of newer models . We listed engine displacement in both cubic inches and liters for the older cars , since that 's how they were identified when new .
AMC AMX American Motors Corporation ( AMC ) was the underdog compared to Detroit 's Big Three , but the automaker from Kenosha , Wisconsin , had its moments . The AMX was one of them . Rather than just soup up a standard production car , AMC shortened the wheelbase of its Javelin to create a distinct two-seat performance model . The AMX had muscle , in the form of an available 390-cubic-inch ( 6.4-liter ) V8 , but also a unique look . Even today , the original AMX stands out amid the sea of Ford , GM , and Mopar muscle cars that flood every car show . Like many other muscle cars , the AMX atrophied over the years . It eventually became just a badge applied to more pedestrian AMC models , culminating with the lackluster Spirit AMX , before disappearing altogether in 1980 .
Buick GNX By the 1980s , the golden age of muscle cars was long gone . But Buick was able to keep the concept alive , swapping big , naturally aspirated V8s for a 3.8-liter turbocharged V6 . With that boosted engine , the Buick Grand National was one of the quickest cars of its time , and looked like it was designed by Darth Vader . By 1987 , the Grand National was on its way out , but Buick gave it a great sendoff . A limited number ( 547 ) of GNX versions were built , with engines tuned to produce 276 hp and 360 lb-ft of torque . The GNX ran the quarter mile in 12.7 seconds at 113 mph—quicker than a Ferrari F40 .
Chevrolet Chevelle SS In the golden age of muscle cars , the Super Sport ( or SS for short ) badge denoted high-performance versions of Chevy 's mainstream models . It 's survived to the present day on the Camaro SS and recently discontinued SS sedan , and that 's thanks to legendary cars like the Chevelle SS . The Chevelle SS was in many ways the quintessential muscle car . Chevy took its bread-and-butter midsize car and stuffed a succession of massive V8 engines under its hood . The madness culminated with the SS 454 , which debuted in 1970 with a 454-cubic-inch ( 7.2-liter ) engine . With that big engine and a stylish exterior , the SS 454 represents the peak of classic muscle cars . As the 1970s wore on , emissions standards and insurance companies gradually killed them off .
Chevrolet Corvette Z06 ( C7 ) The Corvette is really more of a sports car than a muscle car , but Chevy has produced several great ‘ Vettes over the decades that are worthy of both titles . The current-generation Corvette Z06 may be the most effective combination of sports car and muscle car attributes yet . Providing the muscle is a 6.2-liter supercharged V8 , which produces an impressive 650 hp and 650 lb-ft of torque . That makes the Z06 the most powerful production Corvette ever , and allows it to do 0 to 60 mph in a supercar-rivaling 2.9 seconds . Balancing out the power is a chassis set up for track driving , making the Z06 a well-rounded performance car for drivers who want to do more than just go in a straight line .
Dodge Challenger SRT Demon If the 707-hp Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat is the ultimate expression of the traditional muscle car , then the SRT Demon is something from another planet entirely . Many automakers have built track-focused cars for driving on road courses , but Dodge is the first to apply the same level of rigor to a vehicle built for the muscle car 's natural environment : the drag strip . The Demon will run the quarter mile in 9.65 seconds at 140 mph . On the way , it will do 0 to 60 mph in 2.3 seconds — and pull a wheelie . That insane performance is due in part to an 808-hp ( 840-hp on 100 octane racing fuel ) 6.2-liter supercharged Hemi V8 , but also to some trick hardware previously seen only on race cars . The Demon runs on racing-style drag radials , uses a device called a “ trans brake ” to lock the transmission while the car is on the starting line for quicker getaways , and comes standard with only one seat . The level of dedication to quarter-mile times is almost frightening , and it 's unlikely that we 'll ever see anything like the Demon again .
Dodge Charger ( second generation ) The Dodge Charger launched in 1966 as a sleek fastback , and lives on today as a four-door sedan , but it 's the second-generation model sold from 1968 to 1970 that became an icon . The 1968-1970 Charger is probably one of the most recognizable American cars every made . Just the gorgeous styling alone would have ensured that , but the Charger is also familiar from countless movie and television appearances , from The Dukes of Hazzard to Bullitt . The Charger was n't all show and no go . A selection of powerful V8 engines ensured it could keep up with Ford and GM rivals on the street . When engineers found out it was about as aerodynamic as a brick on the track , they created the Charger 500 and winged Charger Daytona variants , leading to glory on the NASCAR circuit .
Ford Mustang Boss 302 The early days of muscle cars were all about NASCAR and drag racing , but those were n't the only motor sports disciplines muscle cars were created for . The SCCA Trans Am road-racing series ignited a war between Ford , General Motors , Chrysler , and AMC . Ford 's weapon of choice was the Boss 302 , a version of the Mustang built specifically to win in the Trans Am . The “ 302 ” referred to the car 's 302-cubic-inch ( 5.0-liter ) engine , built to satisfy Trans Am rules limiting engine displacement . In the hands of driver Parnelli Jones , the Boss 302 took the fight to Ford 's rivals , leading to some epic on-track battles . While far from the only memorable Mustang performance variant , the Boss 302 was so fondly remembered that Ford revived the name for a limited-edition model in 2011 .
Ford Shelby Mustang GT350R With the current-generation Mustang , Ford tried to build a car that would not only appeal to traditional American fans , but also do battle with European sports cars . The Shelby GT350R was Ford 's secret weapon . Inspired by a classic 1960s model of the same name , Ford launched the Shelby GT350 in 2015 , and with it the hardcore “ R ” variant . Both versions are powered by a high-revving 5.2-liter V8 , but the GT350R takes things to the extreme with carbon fiber wheels and a draconian approach to weight savings . The rear seats and air conditioning are optional extras . The result is a car that is incredibly capable on the track , but also refreshingly analog . While most modern performance cars rely on electronics to go fast , the GT350R relies on well-sorted mechanical components , and leaves the rest up to the driver .
Plymouth Road Runner By the late 1960s , the original idea of muscle cars as affordable performance cars seemed to have run its course . Muscle cars were getting more elaborate and , consequently , more expensive . That 's when Chrysler 's Plymouth division saw an opportunity for a back-to-basics model . The Road Runner was nothing more than an ordinary car with a big engine and copious references to a certain cartoon character . On the outside , the Road Runner did n't look like anything special , but it packed some serious firepower under the hood , including Chrysler 's legendary 426 ( 7.0-liter ) Hemi V8 . In 1970 , Plymouth fitted the Road Runner with a streamlined nose and massive rear spoiler to create the Superbird , a NASCAR-inspired sibling to Dodge 's Charger Daytona . Things went downhill from there , though . Later Road Runners lacked the guts of models from the late '60s and early '70s . Today , not only is the Road Runner gone , but so is the entire Plymouth brand .
Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association Aims to Restore Public Confidence
Yesterday , the 16 cryptocurrency exchanges currently registered with Japan 's financial watchdog , the Financial Services Agency ( FSA ) , announced the launch of the Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association ( JCEA ) , according to a Japanese media outlet .
The self-regulatory body , chaired by Taizen Okuyama , president and CEO of cryptocurrency exchange Money Partners , aims to restore confidence in the country 's digital currency , reports The Asahi Shimbun .
Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association
During its first meeting , the group said that it would seek to develop comprehensive rules regarding customer protection and internal regulatory controls . Members of the association will be required to comply with these rules , as the group also intends to introduce penalties in order to punish activities that undermine the integrity of the industry .
“ I will make sure that security measures and internal controls are in place , ” Okuyama said . “ We want to eliminate customers ' concerns and work to restore public confidence in order to develop a healthy market . ”
The initial plans for the launch of the organization were revealed in early-March , when the the Japan Blockchain Association and the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association came together to launch a new , collective body to work with the FSA on establishing investor safety standards . This was a reassuring move in a country where cryptocurrencies are rapidly increasing in popularity and adoption .
Moving Forward
One challenge is that the majority of the problems in the current market have involved exchanges which have yet to be registered with the FSA but are still permitted to operate . A hallmark example of this is Coincheck Inc. , which lost the equivalent of 58 billion yen ( about $ 533 million ) in digital currency NEM through a hack in late January .
Since then , the FSA has conducted thorough probes into crypto businesses operating in the country and issued a wave of punitive measures against exchanges whose performance was deemed unsatisfactory .
Fortunately , at yesterday 's gathering Okuyama said that the JCEA would aim to offer help and advice on the development of the crypto exchanges that still operate without a full license from the FSA . The association also plans to ask these un-registered exchanges to join the JCEA to help foster cross-industry development :
“ I would like to create a situation where I can give advice to ( unlicensed exchanges ) , the development of the industry as a whole is important , ” Okuyama said .
Yuzo Kano , president of bitFlyer Inc. , and a vice chairman of the JCEA , described the group 's intentions as follows :
“ As financial service operators , we will increase our awareness . We will aim to take security measures that are stricter than before . ”
The Coincheck hack revealed a number of flaws in Japan 's crypto ecosystem , but instead of the government taking a heavy handed approach , as has happened in neighboring China , the creation of the JCEA reflects a more proactive and constructive approach to developing the industry as things move forward .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association Aims to Restore Public Confidence appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON ( AP ) Defenseman Taylor Chorney scored his first goal of the season early in the third period and the Washington Capitals held on to beat the Ottawa Senators 2-1 on Sunday night .
Chorney 's shot from the point beat goalie Mike Condon through a screen . The defenseman has three goals in 130 NHL games in parts of seven seasons .
Karl Alzner also scored for Washington .
Kyle Turris scored for Ottawa . Heading into a five-day break , the Senators have lost three straight for the first time this season .
As St Helens and Castleford prepare to open their season 's tonight at the Totally Wicked Stadium . TotalRL looks back at the last time Castleford were successful on St Helens soil in a league match .
To find out , you have to delve into the archive and into the 1990/91 season and the 21st October 1990 .
Led by captain John Joyner and hat-trick hero Graham Steadman , Castleford beat St Helens 16-29 in front of 6,978 people at Knowsley Road .
Saints : 1 Phil Veivers , 2 Tony Kay , 3 Tea Ropati , 4 Mark Bailey , 5 Brimah Kebbie , 6 Shane Cooper , 7 Sean Devine , 8 Paul Forber , 9 Paul Groves , 10 Kevin Ward , 11 George Mann , 12 Roy Haggerty , 13 Bernard Dwyer ; Subs : 14 Darren O'Brien , 15 Andy Bateman
Tries : Mann , Kebbie , Cooper
Goals : Devine ( 2 )
Here 's a look at the Castleford side that triumphed on that day : Three tries were scored by Graham Steadman and one for David Plange . Steadman kicked five goals , Crooks one and Steadman landed a drop-goal
Thai soccer team found in cave , but rescue could take months
After finding the Thai soccer team and its coach on Monday , rescuers are trying to get them out , but a heavy rain forecast is working against them .
LONDON : And so another deadline day passes . There was the curious three-way exchange of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang , Oliver Giroud and Michy Batshuayi , an arrangement that called to mind the story that Clark Gable and Cary Grant would meet once a year to exchange unwanted monogrammed gifts.There was Newcastle 's desperate pursuit of , well , anybody they could persuade going north-east and there was Manchester City 's failed attempt to land Riyad Mahrez to cover for a brief injury crisis.There was probably more drama than on any January deadline day for years — and yet there was also a sense that deadline day used to be better than this ; as though , like all holidays , they were better in our youth.The demand is always for a bigger and bigger hit , and constantly we remember the glories of the past — Andy Carroll to Liverpool , Fernando Torres to Chelsea , what days they were when £50 million ( $ 71 million ) meant something — in a nostalgic light.It is a form of collective delusion , the widespread buy-in a part of the football-industrial complex that has created an entire super-structure around the game that generates revenue and suits everybody apart from the game itself . Players get to negotiate a new deal and take a signing-on fee . Agents take a major cut . Managers can rejig a squad by buying off-the-shelf talent rather than trying to develop players themselves — and are given the excuse of being always two or three players short of a side that could actually do something.Chief executives and clubs love it because they can either generate revenue or generate new marketing opportunities , the importance of that latter issue demonstrated by the complexity and sophistication of the many short videos welcoming players to their new clubs.Fans love transfers because each purchase is an injection of new hope . It takes only the quickest scan of social media to see the gusto with which Arsenal fans have greeted Aubameyang or Manchester United fans Alexis Sanchez or Liverpool fans Virgil van Dijk , welcoming them as if they would magically solve every problem their teams have had . In the hours immediately after a player signs he exists as pure potential , unsullied by any errors or loss of form.That perhaps helps explain why some fans seem to enjoy transfers more than the actual game , why they will doggedly pursue online vendettas against pundits who express the slightest doubt that their new toy will magically transform their team , or dare to suggest that a player who has just left their club might not actually be completely hopeless.And journalists love transfers because it gives us something to talk about and generates debate , conversation and traffic . This spew of opinion , this white noise of prediction — this , apparently , is what drives revenue in the modern era.The numbers soar to unimaginable levels . The comparisons become increasingly alarming : Alexis Sanchez 's reported weekly wage would fund 27 nurses for a year . What that says about the priorities of society is dispiriting , and yet it is probably better that it goes to the players than anybody else in the game . And nobody , it seems , ever stops to wonder whether all this is necessary.No manager is ever allowed to work through a bad spell . Once a slide starts , a sacking follows , almost no matter what he has done before . If Claudio Ranieri ( pictured ) , having memorably led Leicester to the title two years ago , did not have enough credit in the bank to see out a difficult couple of months the following season , then nobody does . New managers mean new players , but players too are subject to the same impatience , the same churn of rejection and renewal . Alex Ferguson blamed reality TV and the format of voting somebody out each week . That pervades all culture now.Yet the counter-examples are there . Burnley kept Sean Dyche when they were relegated in 2015 and came back stronger with a manager who had learned from the experience . Athletic Bilbao have still never been relegated from La Liga despite recruiting only Basques and those from the local area . It can be done : Not everything is about money.It feels old-fashioned to say it in the modern world , but there are times when you wonder whether coaches might not actually like to try doing some coaching .
Villanova is the new No . 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost .
The Wildcats ( 10-0 ) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State , which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second . They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No . 1 Duke 's weekend loss at Boston College .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . The Sun Devils ( 9-0 ) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No . 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season .
The Jayhawks fell to No . 13 after two losses .
___
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police , as he was protesting against Nicaragua 's President Daniel Ortega , in Managua , Nicaragua , Monday , May 28 , 2018 . Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university . Esteban Felix AP Photo
Brazilian construction conglomerate Odebrecht has been ordered to pay $ 2.6 billion in fines to settle charges it bribed officials in a dozen countries .
The payout ordered by Judge Raymond Dearie in New York City came after a plea agreement was reached in December .
In a Brooklyn federal court proceeding Monday lasting only a few minutes , Dearie imposed the terms of the December deal between the company and prosecutors .
As a result , Odebrecht will pay nearly $ 2.4 billion to Brazil , $ 116 million to Switzerland and $ 93 million to the United States . The company will also retain an independent compliance monitor .
In December , Odebrecht apologized for its involvement in corruption scandals that led to the arrest of its former chief executives and several of its officials .
WASHINGTON — The White House is preparing to send a list of immigration proposals to Capitol Hill in the coming days , including backing for a bill that would make it easier for local police to question people they stop about their immigration status , according to four people familiar with the conversations .
One source described the package as the `` wish list '' of Stephen Miller , senior policy adviser to President Trump and a known immigration hardliner .
A senior administration official and three other sources familiar with the deliberations say the proposal includes part of the Davis-Oliver Act , which has been criticized by Democrats and some Republicans . The bill requires police to report to the Department of Homeland Security all identifying information on anyone they encounter who is suspected to be in the country illegally .
It 's a controversial piece of a plan intended to delineate the administration 's immigration priorities as Congress considers how to handle the DACA ( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ) program , created by President Barack Obama to allow immigrants who were brought into the U.S. illegally as children to remain .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during an early morning operation in Dallas . LM Otero / AP
The administration announced it would rescind the program last month , giving Congress six months to come up with a legislative solution before DACA recipients would be eligible for deportation . Some had speculated that the White House would demand that the hard-line policies be pushed through Congress before agreeing to sign a DACA bill , but the sources have suggested that will not be the case .
`` At a time of so much tragedy in our country , we need President Trump to focus on real solutions , like ensuring that Congress passes the bipartisan Dream Act rather than putting forth more xenophobic proposals , '' said Marielena Hincapie , executive director of the National Immigration Law Center . The Dream Act refers to a bill that would make the DACA program into law .
Two sources familiar with the deliberations say the White House is seeking to strengthen some of its positions on immigration ahead of the debate over DACA . But a senior administration official said the White House is not proposing that all of these priorities become law before signing onto a DACA bill , as some will be difficult to pass . `` It 's not a demand , '' the official said .
“ I do n't expect what they put forth to go over very well . ”
Another potentially divisive piece of the White House plan is expected to include support for the RAISE Act , which would put new limits on the number of people who can enter the United States legally through work permits . The administration is also expected to seek more funding for more immigration agents , border patrol and judges , said the four sources .
Stephen Miller is driving the deliberations , which have been underway for several weeks . Miller , who worked for Jeff Sessions when the Attorney General was a senator from Alabama , is leading negotiations with some Republican senators to move any deal to address the legal status of Dreamers to the right , one senior Republican Senate aide said .
`` I do n't expect what they put forth to go over very well , '' one of the sources said .
Republicans Lay Down New Guidelines
Addressing the green card system as part of any DACA fix surfaced after President Donald Trump met with Democratic leaders . The Democrats emerged from the meeting saying a `` deal '' to address Dreamers was in the works . That `` deal '' was to address the status of Dreamers and provide some funding for border security , but not a physical border wall .
Immigrants and supporters march to oppose the President Trump order end to DACA on Sept. 5 , 2017 in Los Angeles . David McNew / Getty Images
But Trump met with five Republicans over dinner on Monday night where they laid down a new set of guidelines to reset the discussions on DACA . They included border security and a DACA fix but also partially doing away with so-called chain migration that allows family members of legal immigrants to immigrate to the United States . They argued for using the RAISE Act to create a merit-based system where immigration is determined by education level and other non-familial factors .
`` What we 've done is try to plant a flag about what it is we would stand for what we would want , '' Sen. David Perdue , R-Ga. , said of the meeting with Trump . `` These are the pieces of the puzzle that we 're trying to come together and what the president did last night is raised the priority and get us organized about what it is we 're all trying to accomplish . ''
But the RAISE Act is controversial even among Republicans . When it was first introduced earlier this year by Perdue and Sen. Tom Cotton , R-Ark. , many Republicans dismissed it . But it 's gotten a boost with the White House because of hard-line adviser Miller and the need to address Dreamers whose reprieve from deportation will expire in March .
Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , who introduced his own DACA fix that includes border security and allowing Dreamers a path to legalization , said that including a merit-based system will derail any deal on DACA .
`` I doubt that you 'll have enough time to do the kind of legislating or horse trading , whatever you want to call it , to deal with legal immigration . I think the most likely thing [ a deal ] will have is a DACA fix and some border security element , '' Flake said .
Miller 's positions are not shared by everyone inside the White House . For example , current chief of staff John Kelly had previously served as Trump 's Secretary of Homeland Security , where he acknowledged there were `` push factors '' such as violence and poverty driving many Central Americans to the United States . Kelly has said he met with hundreds of members of Congress to find a solution to DACA .
As a result of the differing opinions at the White House , the sources said the priorities could change before they are finally released to Capitol Hill as soon as this weekend .
A new tool from Barrie Police to help combat bullying . Officially launching today , a Report a Bully button on the Barrie Police website . It 's an anonymous process , which is key , so says Constable Dee Dallaire .
She adds it should provide peace of mind for a student that really needs it .
After you 've reported a bully , then what happens ?
Constable Dallaire adds you do n't need to be the one being bullied to be the one to report a bully .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Making enough money to get by and have a nice lifestyle is , understandably , a priority for a lot of people .
It 's what we base our lives around ( somewhat depressingly ) as we all get out of bed , drag ourselves to work and spend all day , Monday to Friday , attempting to make a living .
Some people prefer to do shift-work , making their free time a bit more flexible . Others like to work freelance and dictate what hours they work .
But what if you could make more money just sat on your tod at home ?
What happens , for instance , if you could earn yourself HUNDREDS of pounds sat on your sofa ?
Martin Lewis , moneysavingexpert , 45 , appeared on This Morning on Thursday ( February 1 ) to talk about how you can make money from your living room , as reported by the Birmingham Mail .
( Image : Andy Datson )
The financial expert , currently with his own show on ITV on Monday nights , had a very handy tip for us all .
He says , through doing a “ personal stock take ” , you can shift unwanted items and make money , on sites such as eBay .
“ Finally , now 's the perfect time to do an annual personal stock clearance , and make some extra cash for 2018 , '' he advised .
“ Walk around the house and examine everything ; from books , CDs , DVDs , old mobile phones and clothes .
“ If you 've not used it since last January , consider flogging it . ''
( Image : Nick Ansell - WPA/Getty Images )
He used the example of one woman , Zoe , who said `` I 've made £200-£300 selling on Facebook , it works well - no fees , no trips to the post office . ''
Martin continued : “ Have a look on eBay to see if any of your bits are suitable for sale .
“ There are also lots of recycling sites that will pay you for old mobiles and gadgets .
“ Just make sure you do your research first to find the one that 'll give you the most . ''
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened ?
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:45 Karen Simon talks about the effects of solitary confinement
2:23 NAACP leader discusses HB2
1:36 HB2 repeal possible after Charlotte vote
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
Pete : Religious freedom is the ability to practice the religion of your choice ... it is not the ability to discriminate against those you do n't like .
Widnes Vikings have completed the signing of Anthony Gelling on a two-year deal from New Zealand Warriors .
The former Wigan centre has secured a Super League return just a year after leaving the Warriors to return home .
Gelling has made six appearances for the New Zealand Warriors , scoring two tries , and will bring to Widnes a wealth of experience at the top of the game after years of success with Wigan .
He scored 52 tries in 115 appearances at the DW Stadium and won a Grand Final and the World Club Challenge during his time at the club .
The charismatic centre , who famously called himself ‘ The Man Of The People ' , departed Wigan last year to be closer to his family , but is now set for his return to the UK .
“ I 'm delighted to be joining Widnes Vikings , ” he said .
“ Looking at the talent at the club , their players who have re-signed , and the young lads who are coming through , I believe that the Vikings have real potential for the seasons ahead .
“ Before signing this deal , I spoke in length to James Rule . He shared the club 's vision for the coming seasons and I 'm very excited to have the opportunity to be part of this .
“ Widnes Vikings have had a tough season this year , but I know that we can turn this around . I am looking forward to linking up with the boys next year in 2019 and to making a difference to the side .
“ I know from experience that the Vikings have brilliant supporters and I ca n't wait to get out in front of them next year . I 'm grateful to everyone continues to get behind the boys this year and look forward to wearing black and white next season . ”
FILE - In this Friday , Oct. 23 , 2015 file photo , Rev . Pat Robertson poses a question to a Republican presidential candidate during a forum at Regent University in Virginia Beach , Va . The Christian Broadcasting Network , which Robertson founded , says he was rushed to the nearest stroke center Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 after a family member recognized the onset of stroke symptoms , and the 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery . Steve Helber AP Photo
Updated at 1 p.m . ET
Shoal Creek is opening now , with the range to open to players at 12:15 local time and the course opening to practice rounds at 1 PM . — Randall Mell ( @ RandallMellGC ) May 30 , 2018
Original story :
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. – More rain descended upon Shoal Creek Wednesday morning , further challenging preparations for Thursday 's scheduled start to the U.S. Women 's Open .
The USGA hoped to open the course Wednesday morning , with practice round tee times scheduled to begin at 6:40 a.m. , but it did n't happen , with officials keeping the course closed because of “ dangerous weather. ” Three hours after Wednesday 's intended start , the course had yet to open , with rain continuing to fall and the USGA evaluating conditions .
The course closed late Monday afternoon with rain coming in , and it has n't been open since , though the driving range and practice areas opened Tuesday afternoon .
Another 1.6 inches of rain fell on Shoal Creek late Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning . The course has taken nearly 4 inches of rainfall over the last 48 hours , and more than 6 inches over the last week .
Full-field scores from the U.S. Women 's Open
“ This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women 's Open , ” two-time champ Inbee Park said Tuesday , before the additional rain fell .
Jessica Korda normally only plays nine holes in practice on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday of U.S. Women 's Open week , but she played 18 on Monday , in case it was her only chance to see the course before Thursday 's start . That will likely to be the case .
“ The course is saturated beyond comprehension , ” Cristie Kerr , the 2007 champion , said after the range opened on Tuesday .
The USGA has never implemented lift , clean and place in its 123 years of conducting championships . John Bodenhamer , the USGA 's senior managing director of championships and governance , said Tuesday that the USGA intended to keep that tradition going and play the ball as it lies again this year , but he and his staff would continue to evaluate course conditions . It appears it will take extraordinary circumstances for the USGA to allow lift , clean and place , but a number of players believe being hit by a subtropical storm makes for an extraordinary circumstance .
“ I would think that they would have to play the ball up , ” Lexi Thompson said Tuesday . “ I played it yesterday , and it was pretty wet in some spots , and some of the fairways are a little bare in some spots . I think it will be a little unfair if they do n't , but , you never know . If they do n't , everybody has to play it down , and it is what it is , but it 's their choice . ”
Chaminade-Madonna wins 3A state football championship
Hollywood Chaminade-Madonna defeats Oxbridge 28-31 in Class 3A state high school football championship at Camping World Stadium in Orlando on Saturday , December 9 , 2017 .
President Donald Trump 's national security adviser has discussed the situation in Afghanistan with India 's prime minister , nearly a week after the U.S. military dropped a massive non-nuclear bomb in the country that it said killed 94 militants .
H.R . McMaster 's meeting Tuesday with Prime Minister Narendra Modi marked the first visit by a Trump administration official to India , a key ally in Asia .
The U.S. Embassy says the two also discussed ways to increase defense and counter-terrorism cooperation , and McMaster assured Modi of India 's status as a major defense partner in the global fight against terrorism .
Indian TV stations broadcast images of McMaster and Modi , each flanked by officials , sitting together at Modi 's home in the Indian capital .
McMaster 's visit followed stops in Kabul and Islamabad .
Rep. Tom Price , R-Georgia , was confirmed as secretary of health and human services in a vote that took place in the wee hours of Friday morning , providing momentum for Republicans to repeal the Affordable Care Act .
Consistent with all of President Donald Trump 's Cabinet confirmations this week , Price narrowly won confirmation on a 52 - 47 votes .
Democrats opposed Price because of his determination to dismantle the Affordable Care Act , one of Trump 's signature campaign promises , as well as his opposition to abortion rights and his support for cutting Medicare and Medicaid .
Price — a physician who was director of the orthopedic clinic at Atlanta 's bustling Grady Memorial Hospital before he entered politics — is expected to usher through any changes in health care policy .
`` It 's clear to me Congressman Price 's policies do not have the best interest of the people I represent in Michigan at heart , '' said Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed January : Trump 's Health Nominee Faces Insider Trading , Corruption Questions 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
More than 12 million people signed up for coverage through the ACA nationwide this year , according to The Associated Press . According to the AP 's analysis , a clear majority of them live in states that Trump carried in November .
Related : Trump 's Health Secretary Pick Favors the Rich , Not the Sick , Experts Argue
Price came under fire during his confirmation process for trading stocks and engaging in other financial activity that would be affected by legislation he introduced in the House , where he was chairman of the Budget Committee . Public interest groups , as well as Democratic lawmakers like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-New York , have asked the Office of Congressional Ethics to investigate his transactions .
With Price 's confirmation , focus could return to Republicans ' plan to repeal and replace the ACA , also known as Obamacare . Trump has said the administration 's vision for health care would come down shortly after Price was confirmed .
It 's the third confirmation of a Cabinet official this week — in a vote pushed back to 2 a.m. as part of the Democrats ' strategy of slow-walking each of Trump 's nominees they oppose .
Related : Trump 's HHS Nominee Got a Sweetheart Drug Stock Deal
The Senate stayed in session for 57 straight hours from Monday to Wednesday as Democrats spoke through the night in opposition to the confirmations of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and Attorney General Jeff Sessions . While Democrats also oppose Price , they adjourned Wednesday night because of fatigue of lawmakers , staff and the non-political employees who staff the Senate floor .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Feb. 1 : Ranking Democrat Explains Second Boycott on Price , Mnuchin Votes 1:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The next nominee up for Senate debate is Steven Mnuchin , Trump 's pick for treasury security . Democrats boycotted a vote in the Finance Committee and are expected to prolong his debate , too . That vote could come Saturday , as Republican leadership had threatened if Democrats required all 30 hours of debate to be used , or Monday .
1:55 Former Haiti coup leader Guy Philippe boards plane to Miami escorted by U.S. federal agents Pause
1:47 Preparation for inauguration of Haiti 's new President Jovenel Moise
1:58 Haitian migrant in Brazil longs for home
2:44 One man 's reforestation effort in Haiti destroyed by Hurricane Matthew
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
BRANDON , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Being a hero is often about timing – being in the right place at the right time . It is about knowing when to act , what to do and how to save the day without hesitation .
Just ask this grandmother from Brandon , and she 'll tell you .
Her grandchildren , four-year-old Zayden and one-year-old Mallory , are alive because her two beloved canines stepped in at the right time .
It was a very familiar moment outside of the family 's Brandon home . The grandchildren were playing in the garden , blissfully unaware that a predator was lurking nearby .
A highly poisonous snake was just inches away , and no one ever knew it .
That is , until two loyal , highly dependable four-legged good Samaritans intervened .
“ They are my boys , my protectors , ” Melissa Butt told News Channel 8 .
The family dogs are what kept the children alive .
Slayer and Paco knew something was wrong when they saw a copperhead snake dangerously close to their human counterparts .
The dogs begin barking , angrily warning the dangerous snake to slither away . But , this guest was n't taking no for an answer .
Seconds later , the snake struck .
Both dogs were bitten , injected with highly poisonous venom .
Slayer suffered deep wounds on his face and snout , while Paco was struck in the leg .
Life-saving treatment was needed immediately .
Butt rushed the dogs to get emergency veterinary care . When the duo arrived at Blue Pearl Veterinary Partners Hospital in Brandon , they were in bad shape .
“ We need to get the anti-venom…quickly , in order for them to get a good prognosis . It is very , very painful , ” Dr. Shelby Loos said .
“ We give them medicine for pain and make them as comfortable as possible . But , we have to act fast . ”
Thanks to the quick fundraising efforts from animal rescue group , Frankie 's Friends , that 's exactly what happened .
Through the organization , money was raised to help pay for extensive , expensive life-saving treatment .
“ Pets are truly part of the family , and in this case , they proved that to every extent possible , ” said Danielle Martin .
This story has the happiest of endings , with Paco already up and running around at home , back to his old ways , playfully running around his spacious yard and snuggling up to his family .
Meanwhile , Slayer is still recovering at Blue Pearl in Brandon , anxious to go home . He was visibly happy , wagging his tail heartily , when he saw his owner as she stopped by to give him encouragement and cuddles Monday afternoon .
“ I 'm just overwhelmed with gratitude to Blue Pearl and Frankie 's Friends . I do n't know what I would 've done without them , ” Butt said through tears .
These four-legged heroes ca n't wait to be reunited soon .
They 'll go back to defending their home , their garden and the grandchildren who depended on their love and loyalty during a harrowing , and ultimately heartwarming , life-saving moment .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
Marlins reportedly pushing a Marcell Ozuna trade
The Miami Marlins are stripping down their team by trading away anyone makes a hefty salary , and next on their list apparently is Marcell Ozuna .
The Athletic 's Ken Rosenthal says the Marlins are pushing to trade Ozuna .
# Marlins pushing Ozuna , telling teams he will be easier to acquire ( lower acquisition cost ) than Yelich . Two years of control for Ozuna , five for Yelich . — Ken Rosenthal ( @ Ken_Rosenthal ) December 12 , 2017
Ozuna has been an All-Star two seasons in a row and is entering his second year of arbitration . He made $ 3.5 million in arbitration last season and should see a big bump in pay for 2018 and 2019 , which would make him more expensive than the new-look Marlins would like .
The 27-year-old outfielder would make for a great acquisition if he can duplicate his success from 2017 . Ozuna had a breakout season and batted .312/.376/.548 with 30 doubles , 37 home runs , 93 runs scored and 124 RBIs , all of which were career-highs .
The Dodgers have been mentioned in trade talks with the Marlins for Ozuna .
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
New York Mets third baseman Neil Walker catches a line out by Philadelphia Phillies ' Cesar Hernandez during the sixth inning of a baseball game , Thursday , Aug. 10 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . New York won 10-0 . Matt Slocum AP Photo
RENO COUNTY— A Kansas chemical plant continued operation north of Sterling on Monday following Thursday 's fire that destroyed a building .
The fire at Jacam Chemicals broke out around 9 a.m. in a building used to produce a clay product for the oil drilling industry .
While the material was not explosive or hazardous , it did burn hot enough to cause the large metal building to collapse . There were no injuries .
Jacam does plan to rebuild that area of the plant and will move the six employees displaced from their jobs by the fire to other duties , according to company spokesperson Laura Snyder .
Cause of the fire is still under investigation .
SAN FERNANDO CITY—Director General Ronald “ Bato ” dela Rosa , chief of the Philippine National Police , on Thursday ordered police to keep an eye on the Ilocos region 's shorelines , saying crime lords may use the beaches as possible entry points for illegal drugs .
During a meeting here , Dela Rosa said a “ shabu ” laboratory in the Ilocos region had been dismantled and the supply routes of illegal drugs through the Bureau of Customs ( BOC ) had been disrupted .
In August , a shipment of shabu believed worth P6.2 billion passed through the BOC and had since been the subject of investigations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So what will be the drug lords ' next strategy ? They will drop their products in the high seas , and equipped with a GPS ( global positioning system ) , will collect these in the shorelines of Ilocos region and Cagayan Valley , ” he said .
Last year , Jeofrey Tacio , Ilocos region director of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency , said the government 's war on drugs had disrupted the drug traffickers ' traditional shipping route from Metro Manila to the provinces .
Tacio said illegal drugs were now being smuggled into the country through the West Philippine Sea .
“ As you all know , our coastline is very long , so there 's a risk for this to be exploited for smuggling , ” he said .
The Ilocos region 's coastline , which stretches from Ilocos Norte in the north to Pangasinan in the south , is at least 708 kilometers long.—GABRIEL CARDINOZA
[ August 14 , 2017 ] New Dublin Pass Smartphone App and Mobile Ticket Make Ireland 's Capital Easier to Discover
DUBLIN , August 14 , 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Visitors to Dublin can now gain access to more than 25 of the city 's most popular attractions directly via their smartphones with the newly launched app and mobile version of the popular Dublin Pass sightseeing card ( www.dublinpass.com ) . The Dublin Pass app is available for iPhone and Android smartphones and contains a wealth of information on the city , including details on featured attractions , exploring by area , themed ideas for days out , transport services and maps . The app also acts as the platform for the mobile Dublin Pass , which downloads straight into the app , removing the need to present a physical pass to gain entry t featured attractions . The mobile Dublin Pass includes a QR code which is simply scanned at each location . The Dublin Pass enables visitors to the city to enjoy more economical sightseeing , with the pass price representing significant discounts on the price of tickets to individual attractions . Visitors who choose the Guinness Storehouse , Jameson Distillery , Dublin Zoo and a hop-on/hop-off tourist bus tour of the city would pay €74 if bought separately , whereas the Dublin Pass includes all four plus much more at a one-day pass price of just €52 per adult . Additionally , Dublin Pass holders enjoy the benefit of being able to skip the lines at several of the most popular attractions , including Dublin Zoo , the Guinness Storehouse , Dublinia and the James Joyce Centre .
As a special feature , Dublin Pass holders are able to sync the app with their pass , triggering last-minute special offers sent direct to their smartphone based on their location and sightseeing choices . The Dublin Pass is available for one , two , three or five days and can be purchased at : www.dublinpass.com . The Dublin Pass is run by The Leisure Pass Group , the world 's most successful city pass operator , on behalf of Fáilte Ireland , the country 's National Tourism Development Authority .
[ Back To TMCnet.com 's Homepage ]
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Celebrating a life as an environmental scholar and advocate , John Smol , Canada Research Chair in Environmental Change at Queen 's University , was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science , honoris causa ( DSc ) , at the Wednesday afternoon session of Western 's 309th Convocation .
The famed ecologist , limnologist and paleolimnologist urged Science and Social Science graduates to avoid propaganda and political manipulation by thoughtfully considering all things and seeking the truth in every endeavor .
“ We need informed , free-thinking , generous individuals who have the confidence to change the world . For a democracy to function effectively , we will need you to remain curious , be probing , be active and be engaged , ” Smol said .
“ Universities help come up with complex solutions to complex problems ; we will have to embrace complexity as we move forward in our lives . Be vigilant in pursuing thoughtful discussion . Effectively communicate your findings and ideas . Challenge the comforts of complacency . Make some noise and shake things up . Sometimes , we have to have the courage to throw stones at giants . Pledge to make a difference . ”
Editors :
NFL draft features planned by The Associated Press . Please contact Barry Wilner ( bwilner ( at ) ap.org ) or Simmi Buttar ( sbuttar ( at ) ap.org ) with questions .
-Team-by-team capsules . Moves Thursday , April 20 , for weekend editions , April 22-23 .
-FBN–Draft in Philly . A story on the NFL and city building a structure just for the draft ; logistics , on how the draft wound up in Philadelphia . Moves Thursday , April 20 , for weekend editions , April 22-23 .
-FBN–Draft-Replacements . When is the right time to draft replacements ? It 's so difficult to develop guys with roster limits , practice limits , etc . How do teams go about it ? Moves April 18 .
-FBN–Draft-RB Rebirth ? Has there been a rebirth of the running backs and how this draft , with a strong class at the position , might look . Moves Monday , April 24 .
-FBN–Draft-Specialists . Players in this draft who are extra attractive because of special teams skills . Move Monday , April 24 .
-FBN–Draft-Blocking Dilemma . The adjustment problems to the pro game for offensive linemen , particularly looking at how O-line play was so troublesome for many NFL teams last season . Moves Tuesday , April 25 .
-Mock Draft . Moves Tuesday , April 25 .
-FBN–Draft Data . A data-driven piece looking at the recent drafts to see where teams spent high picks on offense and defense ; how many starters they wound up with ; how many players are still with the same team ; and a look at the teams ' records and offense/defense ranks in that span . Moves Wednesday , April 26 .
AP SPORTS
EDWARDSVILLE , Ill. — David McFarland scored 15 points , including a dunk to give SIU-Edwardsville a 10-point lead with a minute-and-a-half left to play , and the Cougars knocked Jacksonville State out of a three-way tie for third place in the Ohio Valley Conference with a 75-67 upset victory Saturday afternoon .
The victory snaps a season-long five-game home court losing streak for the Cougars and is just the third victory in eight games all-time against Jacksonville State , which entered the contest tied with Tennessee Tech and Austin Peay , a game back of second-place Murray State and two games behind conference leader Belmont .
Malcolm Drumwright answered McFarland 's dunk with two free throws and Norbertas Giga dunked with 1:06 left go get the Gamecocks within six points , but the Cougars closed the game out by going six-for-six from the free throw line .
Keenan Simmons and Jalen Henry scored 14 and 13 points , respectively , for SIU-Edwardsville ( 8-15 , 4-8 ) .
Jamall Gregory scored 14 points , Jason Burnell and Giga each added 12 points for the Gamecocks ( 17-8 , 8-4 ) . Burnell grabbed 10 rebounds .
‘ Tom of Finland , ' ‘ Beach Rats ' , Wonder Woman ' , and Everything Else Streaming in February
Donald Trump took to Twitter Saturday morning to make a bunch of false claims about the Nunes memo release .
Tweeted Trump : “ This memo totally vindicates “ Trump ” in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ”
If you 've been disappointed seeing all the international and dual-sim deals for the Galaxy S8/+ while the US unlocked models remain ignored , the day of reckoning has finally come . Now you can pick up the Galaxy S8 SM-G950U and S8+ SM-G955U on eBay for a pretty decent discount , at $ 599.99 and $ 699.99 respectively . If the S7 is any indicator , updates on the US unlocked models might be a bit late to arrive , but this is a good deal for Samsung 's recent pair of flagships .
Any concern about Samsung 's history of delayed updates for US unlocked devices might not apply if you plan on tossing a ROM on the phone . My understanding of the current development scene for the phone is that things are pretty limited right now . But , at least the option is there . Thankfully , both phones launched with Android 7.0 Nougat , so you should be ok for a little while yet .
Both the S8 and S8+ are fantastic phones , and the DeX Station dock is even down to $ 116 through a third party on Amazon . The eBay seller for this deal has high reviews , and the phones even ship from the US with a US warranty . If you 've been on the fence about picking up an unlocked Galaxy S8 , the reasons against it are rapidly dwindling . When you finally resign yourself to saving some money , free to check this deal out via the source link below .
Vice President Mike Pence greets a group of Puerto Ricans who recently arrived at the Orlando International Airport and are getting help from relief agencies Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Orlando . Kenneth Thomas AP
When looking for a new laptop , you want a machine that you wo n't have to drag back in for repairs for at least several years . Reliability and dependable performance rank high on buyer 's lists , but which brands are the best ? Which manufacturer offers the most reliable laptops ? To find out , we 've scanned the pages of Consumer Reports , considered reader 's choice selections , analyzed crowd-sourced voting , and consulted the studies of our peers . Combining all of that with our own experience in laptop testing , we 've pieced together a consensus on the most reliable brands out there today . Read on to find out which brand is the most dependable .
Type of laptop
Before we start naming names , we 're going to point out a general rule : The smaller the laptop , the higher the failure rate appears to be .
There are several reasons for this . Small laptops are harder to take apart and repair yourself , so official repairs may be more common . They are also more portable , and therefore more likely to be dropped or banged around . So before considering specific brands , take note that if you want a more durable laptop , opt for the larger models .
Most reliable : Apple
If there 's one thing that nearly everyone agrees on , it 's that Apple laptops are the most reliable of the bunch . When you buy a MacBook Pro , you know what to expect , and that rarely involves failures or returns . Part of this is due to Apple 's solid design philosophy . MacBooks , Airs , and Pros are consistently growing thinner and more powerful , but the overall design style remains the same .
The aluminum frame and tightly packed electronics also help reduce damage and failure rates . In fact , Apple 's devices tend to get more reliable with later generations , as design becomes tighter .
Removing ports , for example , is not a popular move — but it does decrease what can break .
It 's also worth noting that Apple does many of the smaller things well . The keyboards are snappy , pleasant to use , and nigh unbreakable under usual circumstances . The battery life of MacBooks tends to be high , too , and does n't suffer from swift performance drop-offs or fluctuation . Display issues tend to be rare , and in Consumer Reports studies , Apple beat out nine other laptop brands when it came to needing repairs within the first three years of ownership .
On the other hand , MacBooks are a definite blow to your wallet , ranging from $ 1,000 to $ 1,800 for the most popular models . That 's a lot of money for the average laptop buyer . Despite the high price , the default warranty lasts only a year , as with other more affordable brands . But Apple has on multiple occasions offered free warranty extensions for common manufacturing issues , a practice other brands rarely emulate .
Buy one now from :
Apple Best Buy
Second pick : Dell
Dell 's work , particularly in the ultrabook field , has yielded an incredible new crop of ultraportable laptops that work great , have powerful specs , and do n't give up the ghost without a fight . If you need a PC for work or school and want it to last for as long as possible , Dell 's machines are a great choice .
This is especially true with its latest XPS models , which do a little of everything and do it anywhere . This includes the latest screen resolutions , connections , and software . In a recent review of ours , the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 really impressed us , blending its typical reliability and somewhat flashy looks , with solid internal hardware for its price point .
Another important reason Dell gets such high marks for reliability is that Dell 's customer support is easily the best you 'll find outside of Apple . If something goes wrong , a quick customer service call with Dell is more likely to yield a solution , or at least a repair plan , than with other brands . Sometimes the most important factor in reliability is n't the computer itself , but the company you are dealing with .
Buy one now from :
Dell Microsoft
Third pick : Asus
If you want an extra-reliable computer , but do n't want to pay too much for it , then you 'll be pleased to see that Asus also makes it on our list of the most reliable laptop brands . The company has consistently scored well in surveys , though it usually does n't take top marks .
While you might want to avoid some of its higher-end , gaming laptops , Asus computers tend to be sleeker and lighter than a lot of brands on the market . If you are less interested in a desktop replacement and more interested in a portable option , this is the path to follow . Asus also tends to lean toward extremes , with laptops of many varying sizes . There 's a good deal of experimentation and joint ventures in this brand , which makes it an interesting option to explore .
The downside to Asus is its customer support , which is hit-or-miss . The company receives average to below-average marks in customer service surveys we 've seen . Web support is a particular sore spot . Navigating the Asus website can be confusing , even if the company is not the worst in this regard .
Buy one now from :
Amazon Asus Newegg
Samsung is a newcomer to our list , and though its Notebook 9 15-inch did n't fair too well in our review , the company has been producing quality laptops for a number of years . It came in second place during the latest Consumer Reports customer survey for reliability , and the Samsung Chromebook Plus ended up earning out Best in Show award at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show .
Samsung 's current lineup ranges from mid-range , more affordable offerings with Intel Core i5 processors , right up to powerful Core i7 systems with 4K displays . The bodies of its new Notebook 9 models utilize a magnesium alloy , which provides durability and a lightweight frame , making the units less likely to be dropped . If you do manage to drop your machine , though , it 's also more likely to survive .
Unlike higher entries on our list , Samsung 's customer support leaves something to be desired . In LaptopMag 's support testing , it won a respectable , but less than stellar 67/100 , falling well behind Apple and Dell and just behind Asus . And although Samsung does offer a standard one-year warranty with options for up to 36 months of coverage , it does not currently offer first-party extended warranties .
Buy one now from :
Samsung Amazon
Final note : Extended warranties
When it comes to repairs and malfunctions , one of the most important computer components is that warranty document . So what 's the deal with warranties today ? Basically , do n't worry too much .
Extended warranties , as a general rule , exist to make extra money for companies . Buying one does n't tend to do much good — only about 8 percent of people who have extended warranties ever use them , according to Consumer Reports .
Additionally , the normal warranty that comes with a new machine is likely to cover around 75 percent of common repairs or problems anyway . Yes , it will suck if you do n't buy the warranty and you happen to have a problem , but , over the long haul , the extended warranty tends to cost more than it 's worth .
Update : Replaced Toshiba with Samsung in the runner-up position .
Detroit police opened an investigation last week after mummified remains were found in the garage of an occupied home .
A would-be homebuyer made the shocking discovery Thursday , Fox 2 Detroit reported .
The body was entombed in the backseat of a dust-covered Plymouth that was 25 or 26-years-old , the Detroit News reported .
It appears the body had been there for years and was beyond the decomposition stage , the paper reported , citing a spokesman for the Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office .
The house had been rented to a family that never used the detached garage .
A police spokesman told the paper the property owner told the family “ basically do n't go in the garage , do n't put anything in the garage . ”
He said investigators would be contacting the property owner .
It 's unclear to cops at this point who the dead person is or how he or she died and when .
There may be answers when the autopsy is performed this week . The examination will include a Michigan University anthropologist , the News reported .
Fox 2 also reported that police want to interview the property owner and to track down records that would show who lived in the house in the past and who registered the car .
In addition , the station reported , that the car was seized as evidence .
Click here for more from Fox 2 Detroit .
Moy 1-10 Michael Glaveys 0-07
Tyrone champions Moy won the All-Ireland Club IFC title with a battling performance against Michael Glaveys at Croke Park .
The Cavanagh brothers , Sean and man of the match Colm , played starring roles as they added a club crown to the All-Irelands they have won with the Red Hands during the county 's glory years .
Tom Loughran 's early goal gave Moy the perfects start , and with Sean Cavanagh converting a couple of frees , they led by 1-5 to 0-1 at the break .
Michael Glaveys lost midfielder Caoileann Fitzmaurice to a straight red card , but rallied strongly , before the Ulster men steadied the ship , and sealed victory with Cavanagh 's fifth point .
The Tyrone men stunned their opponents with a goal after just 28 seconds . Sean Cavanagh steered a long ball towards Harry Loughran , who fed younger brother Tom for a confident finish past Darren O'Malley at the Canal End .
The Tyrone side 's route one approach unsettled a Glaveys defence that took some time to find any sort of composure , and they found themselves trailing by six by eth tenth minute , after Harry Loughran and Ryan Coleman had found the target .
Glaveys opened their account in the 11th minute with a wel constructed and superbly executed score by Andrew Glennon .
Despite John Finan 's high fielding around the middle , the Connacht champions were unable to make little headway against a packed Moy defence , with Colm Cavanagh dropping back as sweeper .
Liam Cregg denied Sean Cavanagh with a heroic block , but the pressure was soon back on the Glaveys defence , with skipper Euanan Deeney thumping a '45 between the posts at the beginning of the second quarter .
The Roscommon title-holders enjoyed a high percentage of attacking possession late in the opening half , but time and again , they ran in to lines of sky blue shirts .
And The Moy raided on the break for Sean Cavanagh to steer a couple of frees through the uprights .
And they almost had a second goal when Harry Loughran got on the end of a flowing move , but sent his low shot just wide of the far post .
The Moy led by 1-5 to 0-1 at the break , and while Glennon hit another outrageously brilliant score for the Connacht men , with Stephen Comer also nailing a quality point , the Tir na nOgs restored their seven points cushion through Coleman and Sean Cavanagh .
Michael Glaveys suffered a further setback in 43 minutes when midfielder Caoileann Fitzmaurice was sent off on a straight red card .
But they displayed courage and positivity , pressing forward to win four frees that Glennon converted to trim the deficit to five .
The fourteen Glaveys men were now dominant , and it took Moy some time to break their spirited resistance .
However , they did so , and an important score from substitute Conal Duffy broke the Glavey 's momentum , and Cavanagh finished it off with another converted free .
Moy : N Brady ; P Mackle , T McNicholl , T Conlon ; M Gribbin , N Conlon , E Deeney ( 0-01 , '45 ) ; C Cavanagh , T Loughran ( 1-00 ) ; D Conroy , H Loughran ( 0-01 ) , E Rafferty ; R Coleman ( 0-02 ) , S Cavanagh ( 0-05 , 5f ) , A Currie .
Subs : C Duffy ( 0-01 ) for Conroy ( 51 ) , A Donaghy for Rafferty ( 59 ) , K McQuade for Currie ( 61 ) , K Kavanagh for Deeney ( 62 ) , R O'Neill for T Conlon ( 64 )
Michael Glaveys : D O'Malley ; N Morris , S O'Malley , L Cregg ; G Patterson , C Hussey , D Frayne ; C Fitzmaurice , J Finane ; T Murphy , S Comer ( 0-01 ) , D Ruane ; S Burke , A Glennon ( 0-06 , 4f ) , C Heneghan .
Subs : T Murphy for Heneghan ( 20 ) , J Glennon for Ruane ( h-t ) , S Markham for Cregg ( 62 ) .
Referee : Brendan Cawley ( Kildare )
Barcelona captain Andres Iniesta rejected the suggestion that complacency played a part in the 4-0 Champions League thrashing his side suffered at the hands of Paris Saint-Germain .
Luis Enrique 's men had their hopes of glory in Europe 's top competition all but ended in a nightmare last-16 outing in the French capital , as Angel Di Maria struck superbly in each half .
Julian Draxler and top scorer Edinson Cavani also got in on the act and Barça had goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen to thank for the margin of defeat not being even greater .
No side in Champions League history has come back from such a heavy first-leg deficit but Spain great Iniesta summoned all the defiance he was able to muster when he spoke to reporters afterwards .
`` We had a bad day in every way , '' he said , as quoted by Mundo Deportivo . `` In the return we have to try to get as close as possible to turn it around , which is very difficult but we will give everything .
`` The word 'attitude ' is one I have never liked and I do not think it is linked to these players or this team .
`` In the end it is a matter of football . I do not like to talk about attitude when it is not [ the reason for defeat ] .
Shots on target by MSN against PSG :
Messi ( 0 )
Suarez ( 0 )
Neymar ( 0 )
Pocketed by Presnel Kimpembe and co. 💪 pic.twitter.com/nSO8ZELiQm — Squawka Football ( @ Squawka ) February 14 , 2017
`` It 's a game and they have overcome us playing football and taking advantage of all their qualities . We have not been able to in any moment of the match . ''
Iniesta added : `` It is difficult , these things sometimes happen and it hurts . It is a bad night for everyone . It will cost us to take in this defeat .
`` We have to get up , turn the page as fast as possible . We have the other competitions , do not forget that .
`` When the return comes we will try everything to get closer but it is a tie that is very complicated . ''
Even as President Donald Trump ratcheted up the rhetoric on North Korea , market observers still appeared relatively unalarmed by the threats lobbed between Trump and officials in Pyongyang .
But cracks are beginning to show . The Dow Jones Industrial Average saw its biggest dip since mid-May on Thursday , down 205 points , following similar drops in the Asian and European markets ; and the VIX , or volatility index widely used as a proxy to gauge market fear , soared by 44 percent to its highest level since Trump was elected .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump on North Korea : 'Fire and Fury ' Comments Not Tough Enough 2:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As tensions began to rise earlier in the week , Wall Street reaction was muted , with investors responding to Trump 's verbal bluster as just that .
“ I think a lot of people do believe this is just huffing and puffing — and when push comes to shove , there 's not going to be any pushing , ” Lawrence White , professor of economics at New York University 's Stern School of Business , told NBC News .
“ The verbal jabs coming out of Pyongyang and D.C. , I think , are more about negotiating than communicating action , ” agreed Mitchell Goldberg , president of ClientFirst Strategy . “ Everyone is posturing ahead of negotiations to have as strong a hand as possible . ”
Trump 's use of inflammatory language in person and on Twitter is unprecedented and potentially problematic from a diplomatic standpoint , but evidence of an economic impact has been less clear-cut so far .
“ The rhetoric Trump uses is absolutely atypical for a U.S. president , so that could be a little bit of a wild card [ but ] it 's hard to find a tipping point where this next step is going to change everything , ” said Kent Boydston , a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics .
“ If there was evidence [ Kim ] is really mobilizing an attack or vice-versa… we could go down 3 to 4 percent in one day . ”
Related : Miscommunication Is the Biggest Threat in the North Korea Standoff
“ Markets are always trying to anticipate , and to the extent that it has been building a while , markets have somewhat built in… whatever negative feelings they may have about the adversarial rhetoric that 's been going on , ” White said .
Scott Wren , senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute , attributed this week 's downturn in the major indices mainly to economic indicators rather than geopolitical brinkmanship . “ There are a lot of reasons for the market to be tired right now… Valuations are stretched , the Fed 's in a rate hike cycle , gross margins are starting to be squeezed , ” he told NBC News .
“ The market was bound to go down eventually , and with the Dow in the low 20,000s , this is not a big retreat to worry about , ” Goldberg said .
“ There 's a silver lining , ” he added . If Congress fails to meet Wall Street 's expectations upon its return from summer recess , that disappointment at least wo n't send stocks crashing down from their peak . “ We want stocks to ratchet down ahead of the budget negotiations , ” Goldberg said .
Related : Why the Red-Hot Stock Market Could Be Close to a Cooldown
To the extent that experts expressed trepidation , it was focused on what they characterized as a slim chance of an armed conflict . An actual military strike by North Korea on an American target would have economic as well as geopolitical repercussions , Boydston said .
“ Looking historically , there 's relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations , ” said Boydston .
“ If they started launching missiles towards U.S. territory , Guam or Hawaii , I do think that would be a bigger and more direct provocation to the United States than we 've seen before . I would say that would certainly be more of an escalation — that could potentially roil the markets a little bit more , ” he told NBC News .
Not too many people believe a North Korean missile could reach the U.S. … but a regional conflict due to escalated tensions might be an issue for global markets .
“ If we saw any movement out of North Korea or if we saw any movements out of the United States… If there was evidence [ Kim ] is really mobilizing an attack or vice-versa , obviously that would be very negative . We could see a huge drop in the stock market — but we 'd have to get to that point , ” said Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial . “ We could go down 3 to 4 percent in one day . ”
And the prospect of the Kim regime escalating any display of military aggression into a regional conflict remains a remote but worrisome possibility , experts say .
“ I do n't think there are too many people out there who think a North Korean missile could reach the U.S. , ” Wren said . “ The market 's not worried about that… but a regional conflict that would be accelerated due to North Korea doing something to one of its closer neighbors , that might be an issue . ”
“ The ultimate problem we have with North Korea is they do have nukes and Seoul is only 30 miles away from the DMZ , ” Goldberg said . “ That 's a frightening prospect . ”
At least 700 stone tools have been uncovered at the site of a Māori village in Gisborne , giving valuable insight into how Māori traded in pre-European times .
The site is unusual because of the density of materials that have been found in only a 2.5m deep plot .
`` These stone tools are from all over the country . We 've got material from the South Island , from the north of the South Island , we 've got obsidian from the Bay of Plenty and from the central plateau Taupo , we 've got churts from all up and down the coastline here , '' says Richard Walter , Professor of Archaeology at Otago University .
The discovery gives Otago University archaeologists valuable insight into how Māori traded and communicated with each other .
`` When I say stone tools I 'm talking about small flake tools that are used for cutting wood , skinning fish , skinning moa , that sort of thing- so these are small stone tools but to archaeologists , they are incredibly informative , '' says Walter .
The project began in 2016 and has partnered with Rongowhakaata and Ngāti Oneone , a project that has unearthed a number of moa and dog bones .
`` All archaeological material like this is the property of the nation and needs to come under the management of the appropriate tangata whenua so they have mana whenua status over the materials and we facilitate that process as we are able to . ''
The materials from this 14th-century settlement are being analysed now , a process which should be completed in eight to nine months .
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today ( August 14 ) to announce he will be dropping a new single this Thursday .
Related : Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘ Stay Clear ' of His Moving Vehicle
The “ Sorry ” singer posted the cover art for the new track “ Friends , ” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop ( aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker ) . This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of his Purpose world tour last month .
Check out the post below .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
We Americans are an optimistic bunch . Just compare Hollywood movies with foreign films , and you 'll see a big difference in worldview — we love it when the good guys win . I believe this difference goes all the way back to “ Manifest Destiny , ” the 19th Century belief that American settlers were destined to expand across the continent .
But when it comes to space exploration , Manifest Destiny does n't apply . And if we choose simply to rest on the laurels of being the first nation to send humans to the moon , or on the achievements of the Space Shuttle and International Space Station ( ISS ) , we will be surpassed by nations whose people are “ humble and hungry . ”
As a former NASA astronaut who is troubled by our ever-shifting goals for space , I do n't want this to happen . If we do n't have a destination , we 'll never get anywhere . A decade ago , NASA was pursuing the Constellation program , whose goal was to develop a new space capsule and related systems that would ferry humans to the ISS before taking us to the moon and then to Mars and beyond . But Constellation was cancelled in 2010 , ostensibly for budgetary reasons , and since then the U.S. has lacked a coherent strategy for human spaceflight . So I am proposing the following plan that ultimately would send humans to Mars . This plan sets concrete goals , and would inspire future generations of scientists and engineers and bring nations together to solve the many technological and political challenges we face here on Earth .
With these modest goals in mind , let us begin with past as prologue ...
NASA 's moon program of the late 1960s actually played out over three distinct programs : Mercury , Gemini , and — last and most famous — Apollo . The initial phase , Mercury , proved that we could fly humans in space . Gemini , the least well known of the three programs , was even more critical . It created and tested the technologies that would be needed for the moon landings that were to follow . These included long-duration missions , spacewalking , the development of computers and software , and protocols for the rendezvous and docking of spacecraft flying in formation at thousands of miles per hour .
Finally , of course , Apollo was the fulfillment of President Kennedy 's famous charge that we should “ land a man on the moon and return him safely to the Earth. ” But again , Neil and Buzz and the men who followed them would never have made it to the moon without Mercury or Gemini .
The original seven Mercury astronauts . NASA
I give this brief history because I believe the next strategy we pursue in space should parallel the Mercury/Gemini/Apollo model . First and most important , we need a vision . In the 1960s it was to put a man on the moon . Now it should be to send humans to Mars and back beginning in the 2030s , with increasingly long-duration missions to the planet 's surface . This vision is clear , and it goes beyond mere “ boot prints and flags. ” Long-term goals should be to understand the environmental , geological , and biological history of Mars , but also to set the stage for human settlements on the red planet .
The ISS has been the equivalent of Project Mercury , proving that humans can live and work in space for long periods of time . ( I myself recently spent 200 consecutive days in space . ) But the next phase of our space program — like the Gemini program — must be used to develop and test the critical technologies that will be needed for eventual missions to Mars . These technologies should be demonstrated on the ISS as well as on the moon .
Gemini IX spacecraft as seen on June 5 , 1966 . NASA
The most important of these critical technologies is advanced space propulsion . With existing rocket technology , a round-trip to Mars would take three years . The astronauts aboard would need a huge amount of supplies — and would be exposed to dangerous radiation for the entire trip . What 's more , ensuring the reliability of critical equipment for a three-year mission would be costly , if not impossible .
Electric space propulsion engines could send a crew to Mars and back in roughly one year , dramatically lowering the radiation risk and circumventing the other problems associated with a three-year mission . A one-year mission would also cost a lot less , since it would take hundreds of thousands of dollars per pound to send stuff to Mars .
Electric engines have been used for decades on small satellites but have never been scaled up to a size capable of sending humans into space . The elephant in the room is that a 50-megawatt nuclear reactor would be needed for such massive engines . And the political challenges of sending such a reactor into space are probably more difficult than the technical challenges .
Apollo 11 lunar module on the surface of the moon . NASA
There are other “ Gemini ” technologies we will need to develop before travelling to the red planet . These include reliable life-support systems , such as CO2 removal , and water and oxygen recycling ; equipment capable of launching and recovering crews at the highest speeds humans have ever flown ; habitats and rovers that could be landed and robotically assembled on the Martian surface ; space suits that would let astronauts live and work on Mars without frequent servicing ; a Martian navigation and communication satellite network ; innovative ways to protect crews from radiation ; and finally , surface-based nuclear power to provide enough electricity for human survival .
This is a lot of expensive work , and making this project international would make it more affordable . But there are other , more important reasons to make this a multinational mission . Astronauts from many countries working aboard the ISS have demonstrated a level of cooperation that is often missing down here on Earth ; I recently commanded the ISS during the height of U.S.-Russian tensions , and I am proud of how well my international crew of astronauts and cosmonauts worked together . And without the stabilizing influence of partners , it 's doubtful that the U.S. would have the political attention span to stick with a long-term Mars program .
Finally , this project must have bipartisan buy-in here in the U.S . The president should unveil and promote this vision alongside the minority leaders of the House and Senate . If not , it will be doomed to cancellation once his administration ends .
If we do these things — promote a coherent vision for space exploration , build international cooperation , and pursue a Gemini-style program of technology development — we 'll be flying our next “ Apollo ” missions to Mars in the near future . And if we fail to do these things ? There will be no 21st Century Manifest Destiny for the U.S . Instead of securing our place in history , we 'll watch as other , more forward-thinking nations secure theirs .
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Celebrating The Curiosity Rover 's First Five Years On Mars 00:02:47
We use cookies to personalize content , features and ads . We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
As millions of Americans unplugged for Memorial Day Weekend , the FBI issued an urgent bulletin for anyone with a home or small office internet router to immediately turn it off and then turn it on again as a way to temporarily thwart the spread of foreign malware linked to Russia .
The malware , called VPNFilter , targets small home and office routers . Once a router is infected , the hackers would potentially be able to use the device as a jumping-off point to launch further attacks . The cybercriminals could also collect personal information , block network traffic — or just turn your router into an expensive brick .
“ More than half a million routers have been identified already as being compromised , so I think there are a significant number of devices that have been affected and it is difficult to estimate how many devices could be affected in the coming days or week , ” Shuman Ghosemajumder , chief technology officer at Shape Security told NBC News .
The 500,000 affected devices Ghosemajumder mentioned come from an analysis performed by Talos , the security arm of Cisco . The company also found the attack present in at least 54 countries .
Devices manufactured by Linksys , MikroTik , Netgear and TP-Link were among those found to have been affected , according to the Talos report . While the initial point of infection is unknown for VPNFilter , it has been quietly spreading since at least 2016 , according to researchers .
Many of the infected devices have known public exploits and use default credentials , meaning that customers who set up their home router out of the box and never changed the password or updated the firmware could be at a higher risk .
“ If you have an older router , the odds are greater it may have shipped with a standard password which is the same across all types of the device . Change the router password , make sure the firmware is update and in some cases , even replace the router , ” Ghosemajumder said .
But here 's the catch : There 's no easy way to know if a device has been infected .
The Department of Justice — which has already linked the malware to a hacking group going by various names , including the Sofacy Group , apt28 , fancy bear , and sandworm — last week announced the seizure of a domain name used as a central part of VPNFilter 's “ command-and-control infrastructure . ”
The court-ordered seizure will allow authorities to begin to identify targeted devices while also disrupting “ the ability of these hackers to steal personal and other sensitive information and carry out disruptive cyberattacks , ” said Scott Brady , U.S. attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania .
The threat is in the process of being disrupted , but people who own the vulnerable routers , or want to take some precautions , can also help minimize the spread of the malware , according to security experts who spoke with NBC News .
“ Resetting will minimize some of the risk , because some portion of the attack may be deleted after rebooting , ” Oren Aspir , chief technology officer at Cyberbit , told NBC News .
A quick power switch is a necessary step , experts said , but they warned that it is not a foolproof fix . Talos recommends resetting the router to factory settings , a process that can be started on most routers by finding a small button on the device — sometimes only accessible with a thin , sharp object — that can be used to hold down the button and reset the router to factory settings .
From there , users can go through the administrative process of setting up the router again and , most important , changing the factory default password .
Authorities and security researchers have both said there are many unknown questions when it comes to VPNFilter , including the intentions of the Russia-linked group believed to be perpetrating the attack .
While it can be a nuisance and a privacy threat to individuals , the scope of the malware could be used for a larger attack , said Guy Caspi , CEO and founder of security company Deep Instinct .
“ If this is addressed broadly , it will cause the malware campaign to lose a lot of its access and reduce the broader risk on a macro level , ” he said .
The execution of technology entrepreneur Matthew Staikos in Toronto 's upscale Yorkville shopping district on Monday night was over in a matter of seconds .
Staikos , 37 , who once sold a start-up company to fabled Canadian phone giant BlackBerry , was walking east along Yorkville Avenue , approaching Bay Street , around 11:30 p.m . Behind him were the shops and bars of Yorkville , full of people enjoying a hot summery evening . In front of him across the street was the Four Seasons Hotel , where his father , Nick , a property developer from the Quinte region of eastern Ontario , has a residence .
Security footage from the condo building on the corner shows Staikos passing by , reportedly in the company of another man , looking relaxed and chatting . Parked beside them was a silver or grey four-door Mercedes , which police are seeking to identify . Tamara Cherry of CTV News reported seeing surveillance video from this condo that shows a man get out the passenger side of this car after Staikos and the other man passed . A few seconds later , the same camera shows him jump back in , and the car speed off .
In that brief time , police say this man approached Staikos from behind and shot him dead , reportedly in the head , and left him lying there , where he died , in front of Pusateri 's Fine Foods . News reports indicate witnesses heard between three and five shots , one of which went across the street — across two sidewalks and four lanes of traffic — before shattering the glass door of the furrier Herman Sellers Gough , and lodging in the wall near the desk where the staff sits .
The shooter is described by police as black , about five-foot-10 , with a medium build . There is no description of the driver . Given the high concentration of security cameras in the area , police are likely to have other images of the car as it arrived and left .
The shocking killing follows soon after another brazen nighttime assassination further downtown , in the underground parking ramp of a skyscraper , where Jaiden Jackson , 28 , was chased by three men in a car after he left a party at the Pick 6ix restaurant , co-owned by the rapper Drake . They caught him as he ran down the ramp and fell , and shot him 20 times where he lay .
There is no indication the events are related , but Mayor John Tory , responding to this and other recent gun violence , said the city will have to “ redouble our efforts ” to keep Toronto safe .
An autopsy on Staikos was to have taken place on Wednesday , but police said they have nothing yet to release about the results .
Staikos was not married but reportedly had a long-term girlfriend and lived in a condo several blocks south of the murder scene .
He has lately been working to launch Vleepo , a messaging app company , which has headquarters in Toronto and Larissa , iGreece . An online profile describes him as proud of his Greek heritage , and making efforts to learn the language and culture .
Staikos studied mechanical and computer engineering at the University of Toronto , and with his older brother George founded the company Torch Mobile in 2008 , which was quickly bought in 2009 for an undisclosed price by Research In Motion , later BlackBerry , as part of its effort to improve its internet browser in order to compete with Apple and Google .
There was no answer at his parents ' residences Wednesday , and his family were reportedly gathered at his midtown Toronto home .
A former colleague at BlackBerry said he was highly regarded in the company , charming and friendly , with a clean reputation and none of the brashness that sometimes characterizes young men who get rich quick in the tech industry .
“ He was a prominent Greek and a successful Canadian citizen . He made us all proud of his unbounded love for Greece and his great achievements in Canada , ” said Greece 's Ambassador to Canada Dimitrios Azemopoulos , in a statement posted online .
“ I met him at the time when he was trying to become successful . I immediately realized that he will make it . But I never imagined that he would leave us so quickly , so unfairly , so violently . ”
• Email : jbrean @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : josephbrean
Well , kind of . Since it measures from the middle of the unit ( where the down arrow is ) , you ca n't get it flush with the wall . Hence you have to add a couple of inches onto your measurement .
For instance , it measured the width of one room at 9.213 feet , which is 110.5 inches . But a check of our trusty old-fashioned tape measure – which you can get right up to the wall by pulling out more tape than you need – tells us it actually measured 112.5 inches .
The only way around this is to measure it from the doorway with the door open , so you can start measuring from exactly where the wall starts . But this is n't always convenient .
It also measures in feet by default , and there 's no obvious way – that we could see at least – of changing to metres or inches . So , contrary to the manufacturer 's claims , it does involve some calculations .
When it gets things right , its measurements are pretty spot-on . But moreover , it 's convenient . Measuring the height of a 10-foot ceiling was far easier just shooting it with a laser than clambering up a stepladder trying to keep a tape measure straight .
The screen presents the information well , but it 's not readable from all angles , so you 'll have to get down on your hands and knees to read it in situ .
The app is a bit hit and miss , too . You can supposedly send your measurements to it from the Cubit via Bluetooth , but we could n't figure out how . The ability to place virtual pictures and boxes on your actual walls and floors is pretty neat , but you 'll need decent lighting to prevent the results looking over-exposed - if at all .
Image caption The council says it hopes to preserve the airfield for `` aviation purposes ''
A move to protect a Warwickshire airfield is a step closer after a council stated its intention to buy it .
Stratford District Council wants to protect Wellesbourne Airfield , which has been earmarked as a site for new homes , as a working airfield .
The authority is due to start negotiations with Littler Investments Limited with a view to compulsory purchasing the ex-RAF base .
Directors of the company have been contacted for comment by the BBC .
The council has also requested that on-site businesses be given temporary tenancies to preserve the livelihood of the 104 employees - 44 full-time and 60 part-time .
Owners have until 11 July to respond to the council 's request or compulsory purchase order proceedings will begin .
'Preserved for aviation '
This is the first stage of the CPO process to give Littler Investments Limited the opportunity to engage with the district council with a voluntary sale of the 77-year-old airfield .
Stratford District Council leader Councillor Tony Jefferson said the site had been included in its core strategy plan up to 2031 .
`` Wellesbourne Airfield is an important facility within Stratford-on-Avon district , '' he said . `` There is a clear policy position that the site be preserved for aviation purposes . ''
Councillor Jefferson added that the actions of Littler Investments Limited in terminating the leases of businesses operating on the site and their plans to demolish buildings was in direct opposition to the council 's policy .
Baseball , softball games postponed until May 4
Baseball , softball games postponed until May 4
4 17 17
CARLINVILLE – Monday 's scheduled South Central Conference baseball and softball games between Pana and Carlinville have been postponed due to wet grounds/inclement weather .
The games are rescheduled for Thursday , May 4 .
DTH van der Merwe will captain Canada in its June rugby test series against Scotland , Russia and the U.S .
Coach Kingsley Jones has named Tyler Ardron and Phil Mack vice-captains .
The 30-man squad contains 16 forwards and 14 backs with a combined cap total of 526 . The only uncapped player is UBC fly half Theo Sauder .
“ Sauder is someone that has been on my radar since I arrived , ” Jones said in a statement . “ I 've watched his club clips and went to watch some of his games . He has an amazing skill set , there 's nothing it seems he ca n't do on the ball .
“ He has tremendous pace and he 's a cheeky confident player , which is what you need in the positions he could end up playing . He 's a great option for us to have . ”
The Canadian team will be without Connor Braid , Admir Cejvanovic and Andrew Coe , who are with the national sevens squad .
Taylor Paris , Matt Evans , Conor Trainor and Ciaran Hearn are among those left out as they recover from injury .
The roster includes 12 overseas pros and 17 members of Canada 's centralized program .
Canada , ranked 21st in the world , opens June 9 against fifth-ranked Scotland on June 9 at Edmonton 's Commonwealth Stadium before taking on No . 19 Russia on June 16 at Ottawa 's Twin Elm Rugby Park and the 15th-ranked U.S. Eagles on June 23 at Halifax 's Wanderers Ground .
The Canadian men are gearing up for a four-team repechage tournament in November , which represents their third and final attempt to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup .
Russia , Scotland and the U.S. have already booked their ticket to the world rugby showcase .
Canada Roster
Tyler Ardron ( vice-capt . ) , Chiefs ( New Zealand ) , Lakefield , Ont . ; Noah Barker , James Bay AA , Courtenay , B.C . ; Ray Barkwill , Seattle Seawolves ( MLR ) , Niagara Falls , Ont . ; Nick Blevins , Calgary Hornets , Calgary ; Luke Campbell , James Bay AA , Victoria ; Paul Ciulini , Aurora Barbarians , Vaughan , Ont . ; Cole Davis , Calgary Saints , Calgary ; Dustin Dobravsky , Castaway Wanderers , Hanover , Germany ; Guiseppe du Toit , UVIC Vikes , Maple Ridge , B.C . ; Andrew Ferguson , Oakville Crusaders , Mississauga , Ont . ; Doug Fraser , Castaway Wanderers , Ladysmith , B.C . ; Jeff Hassler , unattached , Okotoks , Alta . ; Matt Heaton , Darlington Mowden Park ( England ) , Godmanchester , Que . ; Eric Howard , New Orleans Gold ( MLR ) ; Jake Ilnicki , Yorkshire Carnegie ( England ) , Williams Lake , B.C . ; Cole Keith , James Bay AA , Sussex , N.B . ; Conor Keys , UVIC Vikes , Stittsville , Ont . ; Ryan Kotlewski , Westshore RFC , Calgary ; Josh Larsen , Otago ( New Zealand ) , Parksville , B.C . ; Ben LeSage , UBC Thunderbirds , Calgary ; Kainoa Lloyd , Mississauga Blues , Mississauga , Ont . ; Phil Mack ( vice-capt . ) , Seattle Seawolves ( MLR ) , Victoria ; Gordon McRorie , Calgary Hornets , Calgary ; Shane O'Leary Ealing Trailfinders ( England ) , Cork , Ireland ; Evan Olmstead , unattached , Vancouver ; Pat Parfrey , Swilers RFC , St. John 's , N.L . ; Lucas Rumball , Balmy Beach RFC , Mississauga , Ont . ; Theo Sauder , UBC Thunderbirds , Vancouver ; Djustice Sears-Duru , unattached , Oakville , Ont . ; DTH van der Merwe ( capt . ) , Glasgow Warriors ( Scotland ) , Victoria .
Movie Synopsis :
Early 16th century : following the death of Isabel la Católica , her widow Fernando de Aragón enters in an open war with his tyrannical son-in-law , Felipe el Hermoso , lord of Flandes , who wants to be the new king of the kingdom of Castilla above all . In the middle of the conflict his wife Juana , Fernando 's daughter , turns in the center of attention caused by her unstable mind state . Trying to preserve the kingdom for their descendants , Fernando asks help Cardinal Cisneros in order to make a deal with Felipe , but this one has his own agenda looking to expel Fernando out of the Castilla to claim the throne for him , avoiding any contact between father and daughter that it could be an obstacle for his ambitions . But will can Juana to mediate between the two men of her life to prevent a war between the kingdoms that it annihilates the legacy and will of her beloved and deceased mother , or her growing insanity will be the perfect excuse to start the war ?
Bryte Johnson , Government Relations Director , American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network discussed Connecticut making progress when it comes to tobacco , according to a state-by-state report just released by the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network , but opportunities remain for the state to improve its efforts around tobacco control cancer , prevention and improving access to care .
Part 2 of 2
Our Companions Animal Rescue
Registration for the 16th annual Collision Repair Education Foundation ( CREF ) Golf Fundraiser and the LORD Fusor-sponsored “ Helicopter Golf Ball Drop ” are now open . Organizers anticipate the golf fundraiser selling out during the spring , so early registration is encouraged . The event supports CREF in its mission to provide support for collision repair programs at high schools , colleges and technical schools across North America .
The fundraiser will be held near the CREF headquarters , on Monday , July 24 at Harborside International Golf Course in Chicago .
Brandon Eckenrode , director of development , Collision Repair Education Foundation , said , “ As our golf fundraiser is coming to our hometown this year , we plan for an incredible event that will help us raise additional funds to support collision school programs . We anticipate that we will be sold out within a matter of a few short months , so please register early . ”
The fundraiser 's online registration page also offers golf balls for the LORD Fusor sponsored Helicopter Golf Ball Drop . Each golf ball costs $ 10 , and participants in the golf ball drop are not required to attend the fundraiser or purchase a ticket . If all 1,200 golf balls are purchased , on the day of the event , a helicopter will drop the numbered golf balls over a hole on the golf course . The sponsor of the numbered ball that lands closest to , or inside of , the hole will win $ 6,000 .
Participants can register online through the Education Foundation 's website . Registration for the fundraiser includes 18 holes of golf , cart rental , beverages and snacks on the course , lunch , dinner , promotional items and opportunities to participate in contests throughout the day .
I think I under-estimated how good it is to have a near full-strength team again .
Having Sam , Batty , Gells and the other lads out training again is great . We looked quite sharp .
It 's been hard to fix things up without time on the training pitch
Lockers and Sam Powell have obviously played recently , but the other three who are back this week have been out for large spells – Sam has n't played at all this year – and it 'll be great to have them back in the side .
They all add different things , but they 're just as important .
Gells is big out of yardage , we all know what Batty brings , and Sam has been a special player for years .
At his best he 's pretty unstoppable and , while he may need some time to settle back in , he 's got other things in his game which improve us – not least his competitive edge .
It 's not only been good to have them back in training , it 's been good to get some proper training sessions in !
With five games in 20 days , it did n't leave much space in between to train .
We 've been doing a lot of recovery , and the odd light sessions , but it 's been hard to fix things up without getting onto the pitch and practising .
It 's been good to have a decent turnaround , we 've had time to get on the pitch and get some combinations going – and now we 've got to take that into Saturday 's game at Warrington .
Neither of us are in good form .
Since we met at the Magic Weekend , neither of us have won .
We 've had some good games with Warrington , and we 're preparing for another tough one at their place .
I know they 've not been in great form either , but they 've quality players everywhere – if you give them any chance of playing , they can cause you problems .
For the last four weeks , our defence has been our big problem , and that was the case at Leigh last Thursday .
Missing a game through injury is tough . Watching when you 're fit , but banned ? Much tougher .
And to see us concede 50 at Leigh was hard to take .
But the areas we need to fix are only small areas – such as what we do between making contact and going to floor – and , once we get back to the way we usually defend , it will give us more energy to attack better .
One positive from the game was seeing Oli Gildart back out there .
He 's still only 20 and it 's exciting to see where he can go , because he 's played in two Grand Finals and a World Club Challenge already , and it 's good to have him alongside me on the left side . I 'm really looking forward to Saturday 's match .
I 've always said that the Grand Final is my favourite of the two finals , but because we 've not been to Wembley since 2013 , I 'm really keen to get back there and win it .
But I 'm not looking beyond Saturday .
Elsewhere , there are a couple of quarter-finals which are tough to call .
You 'd think Leeds will get the job done against Featherstone , but the others should be close affairs .
Salford and Wakefield are two teams who not many people expected to be in the four . It 's hard to split them , but the absence of David Fifita from the Wakefield side makes me think Salford may edge it – Fifita caused us trouble .
And on Sunday , there 's another interesting tie betweenHull FC and Castleford .
Cas ' have been really good all year and many will tip them , but I 'm going for Hull . They have found some form , they 're at home , they 're the current holders , and I think they 'll have some players back .
Nick Relampagos of Castro Valley , California , was on a roll . He was just finishing a 1970 Chevelle SS and one would think all was good with the world , but there was a problem . You see , the big-block that Nick finished was n't really what he wanted to end up with . Yeah , it had a TREMEC five-speed manual and a decent suspension , but the heavy 454 mills and large 19- and 20-inch rollers made it a pig , especially in the corners . As Nick told us , “ I completed the build in 2012 and it was a great cruiser that we could take to car shows and cruises . But I never thought it was a Pro Touring car . It was more of a restomod car. ” Again , that would n't be a big deal except that Nick had been following the action at events like the Optima Ultimate Street Car deal and was getting an itch to get in on the action .
If he was going to be competitive he needed a whole new plan of action . “ I went to the first event in Laguna Seca and was really impressed that there was an event that judged your car based on driving performance first and looks second . I knew my Chevelle would n't be competitive unless I completely rebuilt it to handle well . About the same time , my friend was selling a 1970 Chevy Camaro he had stripped down but never found time to work on . I bought the car and came up with a game plan on how the car should be built : lots of horsepower , big brakes , six-speed transmission , mini-tubs for some wide 12-inch Forgeline rear wheels , lots of weight reduction , and safety gear like a rollbar , ” recalled Nick .
Work began on the Camaro and first up was grafting in a set of Detroit Speed mini-tubs . Nick had never done them before , but after going through the directions and a few online videos , it was a walk in the park . From there , a call was made to the folks at Speedtech and , before long , a shiny new front subframe and rear torque arm suspension system was sitting in the shop and waiting installation . The front sub was an easy-peasy bolt-in deal , but the rear system required welding in the upper mounts along with trans tunnel mounts for the torque arm . Again , Nick was able to knock this out himself . For brakes , he went with tried-and-true GM Corvette pieces , and a quartet of JRi double-adjustable shocks rounded out the track-ready suspension .
With the car now a roller , Nick could turn his attention to the drivetrain . He planned on tracking his Camaro hard so he needed some serious grunt to keep up with the competition . He also knew that a little boost could go a long way toward upping the horsepower equation . With that in mind , he picked up a 6.2L ( 376-inch ) LSA mill . M & M did the machine work , but Nick did the assembly of the massaged GM engine . A lite hone made room for a set of forged Lingenfelter 9:1 blower pistons . Synergy Motorsports spec 'd a Comp stick with 278/295-degrees duration and 0.605/0.593-inch lift on a 114 LSA . Rounding out the valvetrain was a new set of GM lifters and 16 Brian Tooley hardened pushrods . The GM 1.8L Eaton-based LSA blower is fed by a CTS-V pump and churns out 15 psi of glorious boost ; enough to push out 682 rwhp and 665 lb-ft of twist . Exhaust exits the party through a set of 1 7/8-inch Stainless Works headers that flow through a stainless system crafted by Livermore Muffler . And since power makes heat , especially on the track , there 's a massive C & R heat exchanger for the boost , a four-row Griffin for the H2O , and an 18-plate Derale cooler to rip some heat from the oil . Add it all up and it makes for a potent and reliable package . Behind the LSA sits the obligatory TREMEC Magnum six-speed mated to a Centerforce DYAD carbon/Kevlar 10-inch clutch encased in an SFI-rated Quicktime bellhousing .
Track time is all about the driver becoming one with the car , so the interior is just as important as the rest . Recaro Expert M seats keep Nick in place while a custom 1 3/4-inch rollbar , fabricated by Tobias Motorsports in Hayward , California , adds a bit more chassis stiffness along with a whole lot more safety . A 13-inch Driven steering wheel handles the directional changes while AutoMeter Pro-Comp Ultra-Lite gauges track what 's going on under the Anvil carbon-fiber hood . The custom stitchwork , including the mods to the Recaro seats , was done by DJ Designs in South San Francisco .
Originally , the Camaro was Hugger Orange and Nick wanted to stay with that hue but with a modern twist so Grand Collision in Hayward , California , shot the ride in PPG 2012 Chevy Inferno Orange . No body mods were done and Nick kept all the factory brightwork in place with the exception being the carbon-fiber bumpers . The extensive use of carbon fiber ( hood , nose , wheelwells , radiator closeout panel , trunk lid , rear spoiler , and rear upper filler panel ) knocked around 200 pounds off the Camaro and , as a bonus , gave it a unique look . Hey , there 's no rule that says you ca n't go fast and look good doing it !
When our 2017 Classic Industries Super Chevy Muscle Car Challenge Presented by Falken Tires was shaping up Energy Suspension was looking for a ride to represent them in the challenge and Nick 's track-proven Camaro was a perfect candidate . He was running a host of their polyurethane parts and the car embodied Energy Suspension 's feeling that cars should be driven—preferably hard . As for Nick , you can find him running at the Optima Ultimate Street Car Series and as many autocross and open track days as he can find time for .
What Makes It Handle Engine : Type : 6.2L LSA from Chevrolet Performance Power-Adder : GM 1.8L Eaton-based blower – intercooled – 15 psi Comp cams , upgraded ARP head studs , Lingenfelter forged pistons , Stainless Works long-tube headers Estimated Power : 682 rwhp at 6,500 rpm and 665 lb-ft Drivetrain : Transmission : TREMEC Magnum six-speed Clutch : Centerforce DYAD dual-disc , Quicktime bellhousing Rearend : Speedtech 9-inch with 3.73 gears and WaveTrac posi Chassis/Suspension : Chassis : Speedtech Extreme front subframe with high-clearance framerails Front Suspension : Speedtech Extreme Spindles : ATS Extreme T7075 forged aluminum with C7 hubs Shocks : JRi double-adjustable coilovers Sway Bar : Adjustable , splined Brakes : Corvette C6 Z06 with Power Stop Track Time pads and 14-inch rotors Rear Suspension : Speedtech torque arm system , Articu-link lower control arms Shocks : JRi double-adjustable coilovers Sway Bar : 7/8-inch three-way adjustable ( 138 , 170 , and 215 lbs ) Brakes : Corvette C6 Z06 with Power Stop Track Time pads and 14-inch rotors Wheels and Tires : Wheels : Forgeline VX3C 18×11 front ( 6.5-inch backspacing ) , 18×12 rear ( 8-inch backspacing ) Tires : Falken Azenis RT615K 315/30ZR18 front and rear Cost of Chassis/Suspension/Brakes : $ 14,000 Weight ( pounds ) : Total With Driver : 3,409 LF : 902 RF : 966 LR : 794 RR : 747 Percentage F : 54.8 % R : 45.2 %
How 'd It Stack Up ? Slalom Average Speed 420-ft 100-Yard Dash Road Course Lap Time Energy Suspension 1970 Camaro 48.4 mph 5.24 seconds 1:18.66 2017 Camaro SS 46.6 mph 5.41 seconds 1:22.15
The Energy Suspension 's Camaro held its own in the testing portion of the Muscle Car Challenge , finishing near the top of the heap at the end of the day . The car 's owner , Nick Relampagos , drove the car to 48.4 mph through the 420-foot slalom course , besting our benchmark 2017 Camaro SS by 1.8 mph miles per hour . In the 100-Yard Dash , the second-gen managed to edge out the modern , LT1-powered Camaro . On the road course , Nick managed to turn in a great lap , besting the '17 SS by 3.5 seconds . Chalk up part of this to Nick 's Camaro being so well sorted and part to all the time he spends tracking his Inferno Orange F-body .
Overall , Nick 's times show what 's possible when you combine the right mix of performance parts with a whole lot of seat time . It also shows that a ride can be track capable and still be able to hang at any car show .
From the Queen and Prince Philip 's marriage to political upheaval , find out everything you need to know about this history of The Crown seasons one and two
The Crown made a triumphant return to Netflix in December 2017 , with season two picking up where season one left off .
Advertisement
Personal relationships and political crises collide as Queen Elizabeth II 's reign moves through the 1950s into the Swinging Sixties .
However , sorting the fact from the fiction in Netflix 's lavish series can be a complicated business , with truth about the royal family 's private lives hard to pin down .
Find out more about the key historical events and dramatic relationships featured in The Crown seasons one and two , as the Netflix series reveals more about this most intriguing of families .
The history of The Crown season two
The history of The Crown season one
Advertisement
The Crown latest news | Everything you need to know about season two and beyond
“ Cash me ousside ” girl is getting a swift lesson in copyright infringement .
Hanes is threatening a lawsuit against Danielle Bregoli for her blatant rip-off of the Champion logo .
Lol why I 'm counting ones ? ? 😂😂😂😂 maybe cuz I have n't got to the hunnids yet🤔🙄😌 BHABIE STILL BHAD THO😌❤️ hoodie by @ pizzaslime link in bio A post shared by Slimthugga ( @ bhadbhabie ) on Feb 12 , 2017 at 11:34am PST
In the letter , obtained by TMZ , Hanes accuses the Bregolis of using the identical stylized “ C ” it uses for its Champion logo .
RELATED : “ Cash Me Ousside ” Girl Got Into a Fist Fight on Spirit Airlines
The company says it needs to protect its “ extensive consumer goodwill and reputation . ”
Translation : “ Cash Me Ousside ” ai n't spokeswoman material .
Read more HERE !
Ever since I was 16 years old , I have identified as a Republican . For years , I have worked for Republican elected officials across the ideological and leadership spectrum . When Republicans talked about the need for a more transparent government that was accountable to the American people — I believed it . When Republicans talked about balancing budgets and living within our means — I supported it . When Republicans talked about adhering to a governing vision outlined in the Constitution and Bill of Rights — I championed it .
I still believe in those things , but the Republican Party does not .
For decades , the Republican Party has marketed itself as the “ rule of law ” party . From immigration to police brutality , the GOP falls on the side of “ law and order. ” It is a theme that lies at the very heart of the Republican Party 's moral foundation and rhetoric .
And yet , in the case of Roy Moore and this week 's Alabama Senate race , morality has been abandoned for political expediency .
How else can you explain the president of the United States calling former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones — a man who successfully prosecuted the Birmingham bombings — “ soft on crime ? ”
What is happening right now in Alabama illustrates everything wrong with the Republican Party and it 's a big reason why I 've made the personal decision to leave the GOP and join the Democratic Party . The reality is there is no moral compass guiding the Republican Party . There is no leadership or courage .
LONDON — After a rare English Premier League swap deal , Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan made an immediate impact at their new homes on Saturday .
Sanchez injected a fresh dose of dynamism to Manchester United and scored — immediately after missing a penalty — on debut to beat Huddersfield 2-0 .
Mkhitaryan , who struggled to convince Jose Mourinho of his qualities at United , marked his first Arsenal start by providing three assists — including one for fellow new recruit Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang — in a 5-1 rout of Everton .
When so much focus was on Mkhitaryan and $ 80 million record signing Aubameyang , Aaron Ramsey chose the wrong day to score his first-ever hat trick .
For Arsenal and United , the January signings were made with an eye on next season in the Premier League . Any title aspirations faded long ago .
Even though Manchester City dropped points for only the fourth time this season in a 1-1 draw at Burnley , the leaders still only had their advantage cut to 13 points by United with 12 games remaining .
The tussle to stay in the Premier League is far tighter .
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 13-match winless run in the league .
Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1 .
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1 . Bournemouth climbed to ninth ahead of Everton , which was at Arsenal in the late game .
Brighton ended West Ham 's six-match unbeaten run by winning 3-1 to move three points clear of the drop zone .
——
AP Premier League coverage : http : //www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
With Left-Handers Day coming up on August 13 , you might be hearing about all those famous lefties throughout history , from Aristotle to Napoleon , Queen Victoria to Helen Keller . But if you 're tempted to bust out that bit of trivia about left-handed presidents ( six of the last 12 ! ) to the next lefty you encounter , just do n't , cautions David Wolman , author of A Left Hand Turn Around the World : Chasing the Mystery and Meaning of All Things Southpaw . “ We 've all heard it . ”
And while the day-to-day lives of left- and right-handers may indeed be a little different — starting with the coffee carafe having numbers on the wrong side if you 're left handed — in general , lefties are “ probably more like right-handers than they know , ” Wolman says .
Does that mean we should n't be envious of those inherent gifts that come along with left-handedness ? I 've long harbored a bit of a wish to be a lefty myself based on what may be the most persistent idea about southpaws — their creativity superpowers . It seems I should n't waste my energy .
There is a long daisy chain of linguistic history for left-handedness to the word sinister . There is a long daisy chain of linguistic history for left-handedness to the word sinister .
“ There 's so much garbage out there and urban legend about lefties being more creative , ” Wolman says . “ That righties are destined to be accountants or lawyers who think with the left side of their brain. ” In his research trawling the globe — and his own experience — “ that stuff is rubbish . It 's just that lefties like to talk about being creative — and so do their parents . ”
Fair point . But still , there are an awful lot of famously creative lefties , from Leonardo da Vinci to Oprah . But maybe they 're forced to be creative . Righties of the world , have you ever stopped to think about what it 's like for lefties in a world that , let 's face it , was designed for us ?
What 's It Like to Be a Lefty ?
Lefties were eager to share their trials and tribulations when I posed the question to friends : What 's it like growing up left-handed ? The struggle is real ; there are pens that smudge , notebooks that do n't lay right , wrong-handed oven mitts , and that dreaded coffee carafe with numbers on only one side — the wrong one , if you 're lefthanded .
And then there are dinner parties . “ There is a very fast mental calculus when sitting down at a restaurant , ” Wolman says . “ I do n't know that woman that well , I do n't want to bump her elbow . ”
It starts early , the difficulties of left-handed life , lefty Christine Vaughan of Louisville , Kentucky , says . “ In gym class they only had stuff for right-handed people most of the time , ” she says . And if there was stuff for lefties , it is like one and you had to share with all the other lefties. ” To add insult to injury , she says , sports equipment like golf clubs often costs more for a left-handed version . ( Think about it ; most manufacturing would be set up to put out mass quantities of objects for the majority — righties . )
Superstition Around Southpaws Still Persists
For many I heard from , they were encouraged — if not downright required — to learn to use their right hand growing up . And that 's nothing new .
“ Throughout the world in countless cultures , because being left-handed was a little different it was viewed as negative and other , ” in line with , say leprosy , Wolman explains . This was especially so , he added , in more superstitious or religious communities . In fact , “ there is a long daisy chain of linguistic history for left-handedness to the word sinister . ”
Some of the superstitions surrounding southpaws persist ; a news story out of Oklahoma reported that a four-year old was sent home from preschool with a letter that said left-handedness was associated with evil .
“ But lefties are just yet another group of people that are a little different , ” Wolman says . The interesting question , he added , is “ why were n't we bred out ? There 's been this steady thing of about ten percent of the population [ being left-handed ] ”
“ The best guess I have , ” he reasons , “ is that there must be some benefit to humanity to having this extra twist of diversity . ”
And a milder amount of diversity like this in brain organization is great , he said “ because we get artists and musicians … That 's what makes us us . ”
Left-handedness really should be celebrated after all . “ There 's something beautiful about the fact that something this straightforward ca n't be easily explained , ” Wolman says . “ And it leads to to celebrating the differences among people . ”
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 What the Beach Does to Your Brain 00:01:27
A GROUP of women has taken to Limerick city centre to hold a demonstration in solidarity with the hundreds affected by the CervicalCheck scandal .
This follows Vicky Phelan 's €2.5m High Court settlement with a US laboratory last month , exposing the scandal in which 209 women were not informed of smear test reviews .
The Standing 4 Women protest kicked off at Thomas Street at around 5pm this Wednesday .
Mary Cahillane Vallely , of Standing 4 Women Limerick , said they are demanding “ a total overhaul ” of the HSE “ from the top-down ” .
“ Total accountability and transparency . No more cover ups . No more deaths . No more outsourcing or privatisation . No more outsourcing of women 's health issues to the cheapest bidder . Put health before profit . It took the bravery of Vicky Phelan who stood up to the whole establishment to expose the cover ups and the corruption in the HSE .
“ We stand in solidarity with her and all , ” she said .
If Javascript is disabled browser , to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos , powered by Fotomoto .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has taken to Twitter to give his reaction to England qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia .
Kane scored a stoppage-time winner against Slovenia at Wembley last night to book Gareth Southgate 's place at the tournament . He got on the end of an inviting cross from right-back Kyle Walker and steered the ball past Jan Oblak in the Slovenia goal .
On social media , the in-form forward posted a photo of his goal celebration accompanied by the tweet : “ Job done ! Qualified for the World Cup ! A really great feeling . ”
The gunman responsible for the GOP congressional baseball practice shooting has died , President Donald Trump said Wednesday .
`` Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime and the assailant has now died from his injuries . ''
The shooter is identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old man from Illinois . It is not directly clear what his motive was .
Investigators said they found anti-Trump messages on the shooter 's Facebook social media page . According to the Associated Press , Bernie Sanders says he is 'sickened by this despicable act ' and the shooter apparently volunteered on his campaign .
The shooting at the GOP congressional baseball practice could have been motivated by heightened partisanship , a Republican congressman who survived the attack told CNN .
`` This could be the first political rhetorical terrorist attack and that has to stop , '' Rep. Rodney Davis told CNN 's Brianna Keilar .
Rep. Steve Scalise , was among those shot in Alexandria , Virginia . Scalise was later said to be stable and undergoing surgery .
Authorities did not immediately reveal why Hodgkinson opened fire . But Davis attributed the motives of the gunman to heightened partisanship in the current political climate .
`` This hatefulness that we see in this country today over policy differences has got to stop , '' he said .
`` I believe that there 's such a hatefulness in what we see in American politics and policy discussions right now . This has got to stop . ''
He added , `` We can disagree on how to govern . That 's what makes our country great , but I 'm here because we 're all Americans . ''
BREAKING : House Speaker Paul Ryan : 'We are united in our anguish . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . ' — The Associated Press ( @ AP ) June 14 , 2017
Davis said he and some fellow lawmakers fled the scene after hearing the gunshots .
`` We took off down the street and a Good Samaritan let us into his apartment so we could call 911 and then also call my family , '' he said .
Davis , who was at bat at the time of the shooting , said he hopes Wednesday marks a turning point in how lawmakers engage in the future .
`` Republicans and Democrats need to use this day today to stand together and say stop , '' he said . `` Let 's work together and get things done . We can have our differences , but let 's not let it lead to such hate . ''
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - With the `` Star Spangled Banner '' blasting in the background , a group spent the Independence Day holiday off the side of Broadway collecting signatures .
`` It 's time America not for ourselves but for our children , '' Meshorn Daniels , of Descendants of American Slaves , or DASI , said .
The group hopes new legislation will eliminate having to check a box indicating color on any government form .
`` Put color to rest -- the cancer in our country , '' Daniels said .
On Wednesday , DASI put up a booth at Broadway and 27th . Representatives were asking people to sign a petition showing their support .
As part of their effort , they want the term `` African-American , '' to be reclassified -- recognized instead for the country they represent .
`` ( An ) African-American is an immigrant that comes from Africa and makes their residence here in America , '' Johnny Lee said . `` We 're descendants of American slaves . We 're the backbone of America . ''
The group chose July 4 as the date for the signature drive , symbolically . The date is especially meaningful to Ray Barker , a Marine Corps veteran .
`` If America can get rid of that color distinction that we place here , then that moves us all a lot closer , '' Barker said .
The new legislation would be called the Human Rights American Slaves Reclassification Bill .
The group hopes to make it a bi-partisan effort .
`` It says humanity trumps color , '' Daniels said . `` And that 's all this is . ''
The group plans on meeting with two state representatives next week .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
A combination photo shows the different phases of the total solar eclipse as it occurred over Longyearbyen on Svalbard , Norway on March 20 , 2015 .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
The total solar eclipse is coming , and as the excitement builds , so does the worry that it will leave behind a nation of eye problems .
On Aug. 21 , the spectacular sight of the moon covering the sun will be visible across North America for the first time in almost a century .
We 'll all be tempted to gaze up at the sky , but many people do n't realize they can get hurt by staring directly at the sun without the proper protection , said Dr. Russell N. Van Gelder , professor of ophthalmology at the University of Washington School of Medicine .
“ The danger is real for permanent vision loss , ” Van Gelder , a clinical spokesman for the American Academy of Ophthalmology , told TODAY .
“ It 's a big deal for us . We do n't have a lot of public health issues in ophthalmology where we 're really worried about things that threaten the eye health of the population … But this is an event that really hundreds of millions of people are going to be exposed to . ”
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Why The August 21st Solar Eclipse Is Important For Americans 00:02:18
Even if one-tenth of 1 percent of people ignore the warnings , there could be thousands of Americans who lose some vision , he noted . Children are at highest risk .
Here 's what you need to know :
Why your eyes are in danger
You may remember taking a magnifying glass outside as a kid on a sunny day and burning a hole in a leaf or starting a small fire . It takes just a few seconds for the smoke to start .
Your eye is basically a very powerful magnifying glass , Van Gelder said . If you stare at the sun , you 're focusing all the energy of that light onto your retina , the light-sensitive tissue in the back of your eye , and essentially burning a hole . You wo n't feel it because the retina does n't have any pain fibers , but the damage can happen after a few seconds .
We all have a natural aversion to staring at very bright lights , but we also have the ability to overcome it .
“ The worry in the eclipse is that people are so interested to see one of the great astronomic spectacles that they will suppress their inner drive to look away from the very bright light , ” Van Gelder said .
How your vision could be affected
The damage is known as solar retinopathy . That can include blind spots , distortions or loss of contrast in your central vision , which is what you use to read , drive and work on the computer .
There have been reports of people becoming legally blind in at least one eye after watching eclipses , Van Gelder said .
Studies show about one-quarter of patients who develop solar retinopathy suffer permanent damage , he added .
Sunglasses will not protect you
Regular shades will “ absolutely not ” defend your vision from the sun 's powerful rays , Van Gelder warned . Even the darkest sunglasses do not reduce the amount of light hitting the back of your eyes by that much .
“ They 're not an acceptable means for protecting your retina , ” if you stare directly at the sun , he said .
What to look for in eclipse viewing glasses
These glasses have special-purpose solar filters , like Mylar , and wearing them may mean a million-fold decrease in the amount of light getting into the eye , Van Gelder said .
“ These glasses basically turn day to night , ” he noted .
You must look for glasses that meet the ISO 12312-2 international standard for such products , NASA advises . You can buy the glasses online — the cardboard-frame versions cost just a few dollars — but check the American Astronomical Society 's list of reputable vendors first . You can also get glasses from your local library .
Wear the glasses any time you want to look at the sun , even if there 's only a small sliver of the star peeking behind the moon in a partial eclipse . That little sliver is still as bright and damaging as looking at direct sunlight , Van Gelder said .
When it 's OK to look at the eclipse with the naked eye
It 's only safe if you are in the thin path of totality , which will pass through parts of 14 states , AND during the brief time when the moon fully eclipses the sun , when day turns into night , Van Gelder said .
The instant the totality is over , immediately look away and put the special glasses back on . Do n't walk or drive in them because you wo n't see much .
“ My strong , strong advice is taken the two minutes to order the glasses for yourself and your family and then enjoy the eclipse without worrying that you 're going to blind yourself by looking at it , ” Van Gelder said .
This article originally appeared on TODAY Health & Wellness .
DETROIT ( AP ) - Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night .
Chatman , who had four assists and three steals , scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 percent and leading by as many at 18 .
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries . Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans ' 11 steals . DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans ( 7-17 , 3-8 Horizon ) .
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars ( 7-15 , 4-7 ) , who have lost four straight , with four 3-pointers for his 12 points . IUPUI did n't get closer than seven in the second half .
The victory avenged an 81-66 loss at IUPUI on Jan. 16 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
RIYADH : Muslim leaders have called on governments to stop supporting extremist groups and join Saudi-led efforts to confront terrorism .
They made the call in a statement issued during an international seminar entitled “ Muslim communities in non-Muslim countries : Rights and duties , ” hosted by the Muslim World League ( MWL ) .
The seminar was held at the MWL 's main headquarters in Makkah , and was opened by its Secretary-General Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdul Karim Al-Issa .
Leaders praised the outcome of the Arab-Islamic-American Summit held in Riyadh last month , and the Kingdom 's international role in confronting extremism and terrorism .
Al-Issa expressed full support for the objectives of establishing a global center to fight extremist thoughts .
He said it is an extension of the Saudi initiative to spread tolerance , coexistence and moderation .
The final statement called for non-interference in Muslim communities and their relationships with their countries .
It also urged the MWL to establish a global communications center for Muslim minorities to strengthen their relationships with the Islamic world .
RIYADH : Muslim leaders have called on governments to stop supporting extremist groups and join Saudi-led efforts to confront terrorism .
They made the call in a statement issued during an international seminar entitled “ Muslim communities in non-Muslim countries : Rights and duties , ” hosted by the Muslim World League ( MWL ) .
The seminar was held at the MWL 's main headquarters in Makkah , and was opened by its Secretary-General Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdul Karim Al-Issa .
Leaders praised the outcome of the Arab-Islamic-American Summit held in Riyadh last month , and the Kingdom 's international role in confronting extremism and terrorism .
Al-Issa expressed full support for the objectives of establishing a global center to fight extremist thoughts .
He said it is an extension of the Saudi initiative to spread tolerance , coexistence and moderation .
The final statement called for non-interference in Muslim communities and their relationships with their countries .
It also urged the MWL to establish a global communications center for Muslim minorities to strengthen their relationships with the Islamic world .
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday called on leaders of thought from the southeast to speak out against hate speeches and divisive comments .
He made the call while meeting with them at the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa , Abuja .
He said the hostile agitations by Igbo youths for secession and the recent ultimatum issued by a group of northern youths asking all Igbo to vacate by October 1 had been attended with some controversial and hateful vituperations , including patently illegal and violence-inducing remarks .
According to him , it is equally not reasonable to fall for the temptation for tit-for-tat as it has never worked or moved “ us closer to a solution or resolution . ”
Osinbajo , who said the situation ought to be urgently and decisively addressed , cautioned that “ Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over of their own accord is not an option . ”
The acting president said he also planned to meet with the Nigerian Governors Forum over the matter .
He said : ‘ And so it is in our bid , as government , to deal with these pressing issues and grievances , that we have convened this series of consultations , with various groups . We will never shy away from the responsibility to ensure and uphold the peace and security of Nigeria .
“ It is in my view the role and responsibility of those privileged in society to be leaders to chart a progressive and lofty course for the ordinary people . As leaders , we carry the burden to secure the peace , progress and prosperity of our people , and that is why our voices ought to be heard and heard loud and clear at moments like this in the defense and articulation of what is truly beneficial to the nation and the people , and what is right and patriotic .
‘ Our dear nation has gone through some really difficult times . We have survived bloody coups , several rounds of ethno-religious violence , and emerged from a long and bloody Civil War . All of us here have seen close-up what violence can do to a country , and I believe I speak for us all when I say that no one here is keen to see Nigeria embroiled in violence or bloodshed of any kind .
“ Especially not when we are only just emerging from a brutal insurgency that has consumed more than 20,000 of our brothers and sisters and children , as well as the better part of a decade .
“ One thing is clear – violence and war are terrible things . They are easy to start but near impossible to end . Indeed you 're all aware of the Igbo proverb that says that “ A man who rushes into battle does not realize that battle entails death. ” We are witnesses to the unspeakable devastation that war continues to inflict across the world . No one who has seen the horrors of war – even just on television – would wish it on their worst enemy .
“ It is also clear that wars sometimes start , not with bullets , but with words . Hateful , incendiary speech , opening floodgates of blood . The tongue , like the pen , is often mightier than the sword – because it is what pushes the sword into action . When we throw words like stones in a marketplace we do not know who or what it will hit .
“ Knowing this , under no conditions whatsoever should we tolerate or excuse or justify hate speech or hateful conduct of any kind , especially where such is illegal . Let me of course acknowledge that as part of living together in this space called Nigeria , misunderstandings and frustrations are inevitable . Because resources are limited there will always be a striving to get what is perceived as the best seat at the table .
“ All of that is normal and to be expected , especially in a democracy , like ours . A healthy democracy ought to be a theatre of energetic striving by all parties and stakeholders . But things should never descend to a level where mutual suspicions override the desire to live together in peace and harmony . ”
Osinbajo reiterated that hate or divisive speech or divisive behaviour , where it is illegal , will be met with the full force of the law .
“ Let there be no doubt whatsoever of the resolve of government to ensure that no one will be allowed to get away with making speeches that can cause division or violence . We will take very seriously any attempts to cause violence or to disrupt the peace of Nigeria . And we will not tolerate such . ”
He said the federal government was also resolute in its determination to protect every Nigerian , everywhere in the country .
“ We will do everything within our power to defend and uphold the terms of our constitution , which declares that we are one nation under God .
“ It also guarantees the free mobility of people , goods and services throughout the country , as well as full residence rights for every citizen in all and any parts of the land of their choice . It is also the aspiration of the Constitution to ensure a country in which , and I quote , “ loyalty to the nation shall override sectional loyalties . ”
“ And it is the responsibility of the Government to create the conditions for the attainment of these ideals . There is something that President Buhari is fond of saying : that without peace and security there can be no development . We can not develop a country that is not in the first place safe and secure for all its people . For this reason we take extremely seriously our constitutional responsibilities as your government .
“ Those responsibilities also include listening to , consulting , and engaging with you ; giving every citizen and every part of the Federation a sense of belonging and significance . And that is why we are here today .
“ I expect that we will be frank and constructive in all our deliberation and discussion . This is an important moment for all of us , and I hope that at the end of it we will all be satisfied that we have accomplished something significant .
“ By the grace of God we will leave to coming generations a peaceful , secure and prosperous nation ; a nation in whom all citizens , regardless of age , gender , and ethnic/religious affiliations , will feel deep and enduring pride , ”
CHICAGO — An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock , saying it ca n't assess whether his prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after he goes to trial .
The 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it does n't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict . No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock 's trial on 22 corruption counts .
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds . He resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of his spending , including to redecorate his Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show “ Downton Abbey . ”
A Schock spokesman did n't have an immediate comment .
Photo
Seeing someone stand up to a bully is cathartic . That feeling is magnified when the bully is the president of the United States and his abusive behavior cries out for a response from honorable people .
The problem is that a vast majority of the people in the best position to put weight behind such a response , Republicans in Congress , have kept silent .
So it 's understandable that many Americans delighted in the rare , remarkably aggressive display of anger directed at President Trump over the weekend by some of his favorite targets — the nation 's formerly highest-ranking law enforcement and intelligence officials — following Mr. Trump 's predictable gloating over the late-Friday-night firing of Andrew McCabe , the former deputy director of the F.B.I .
Mr. McCabe accused the president of waging an “ ongoing war on the F.B.I. ” and said his firing showed what happens when “ people who are supposed to cherish and protect our institutions become instruments for damaging those institutions and people. ” James Comey , whom Mr. Trump fired as F.B.I . director last May and continued to attack ever since , tweeted , in reference to his forthcoming book , that Americans would soon be able to “ judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not. ” And John Brennan , who ran the C.I.A . under President Barack Obama , simply unloaded on Mr. Trump : “ When the full extent of your venality , moral turpitude , and political corruption becomes known , you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Declarations like these may be important to make and gratifying to read , but they really should n't be coming from those whose integrity depends on them remaining outside the political fray , even in these insane times . For starters , they make it easier for Mr. Trump and his defenders to argue , as they already do , that crucial witnesses in the investigation by the special counsel , Robert Mueller , into the Trump campaign 's possible ties to Russia are biased against the president . Mr. McCabe acknowledged this dynamic in an interview with The Times , describing his dismissal as “ part of an effort to discredit me as a witness. ” He 's right . But now that he has taken the bait and defended himself publicly — however understandable that is — he has fed that dynamic .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
It 's not that Mr. Trump is more credible than these men ; to the contrary , it 's hard to think of an American public figure right now with less credibility than the president , who boasted last week about lying to the Canadian prime minister . It 's that this is exactly how Mr. Trump likes it : He drags people down to his level , forcing them to choose between retaliation and silence .
A stunt driver died on the Canadian set of `` Deadpool 2 '' after attempting to do a stunt on a motorcycle , according to a tweet today from the Vancouver Police Department .
No other details about the accident were immediately available , including the identity of the driver .
“ We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of 'Deadpool 2 ' this morning , '' a spokesman for distributor 20th Century Fox told ABC News in a statement . `` Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time . ”
`` Deadpool '' star Ryan Reynolds confirmed in late-June that `` Deadpool 2 , '' which co-stars Josh Brolin , had begun production . Reynolds last week thanked the police department and people of Vancouver `` for putting up with road closures and traffic delays '' as a result of filming .
`` Deadpool 2 '' is slated for a 2018 release .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - There is a settlement for some of those suing Katina Powell , according to Powell 's attorney Bart McMahon .
Powell is the self-proclaimed former madam at the center of the University of Louisville prostitution scandal .
Some of Powell 's fellow dancers and a local barber sued her for defamation .
The terms of the settlement are confidential .
> > PREVIOUS STORY : Katina Powell tells all in raunchy live interview
A judge dismissed claims by a group of UofL students , including former Miss Kentucky Kyle Hornback .
The students ' attorney told us they will proceed on appeal . He says the damages are not just financial , they 're also emotional .
`` How would you like to go to your school and every day this prostitution scandal is taking place and discussed , whether it 's in class ... You go to a ball game , the other team is heckling you as the prostitution school ... Students are throwing fake dollar bills at your coach , '' Attorney Nader George Shunnarah said . `` So , there 's a long term damage to their students , and that 's what we 're hoping to recover for . ''
> > ALSO : Complete coverage of UofL Basketball Bribery Scandal
The attorney says they have to win the law on appeal first , then ask the court to designate it a class action lawsuit .
After that , they would pursue a trial for damages .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
MUNSTER 'S Peter O'Mahony will captain the British & Irish Lions against the Maori All-Blacks at Rotorua International Stadium on Saturday , 8.35am Irish time .
O'Mahony starts the game in the back-row , while Munster scrum-half Conor Murray will partner his Irish international teammate Johnny Sexton at half-back .
Owen Farrell will miss Saturday 's match against Maori All-Blacks because of a quad strain .
Munster skipper O'Mahony follows Sam Warburton , Ken Owens and Alun Wyn Jones in leading the 2017 Lions in what has been billed the 'fourth Test ' .
Peter O'Mahony says the captaincy is a special moment in his career .
`` It 's a huge honour , obviously to be picked for the Lions at all is a massive honour , '' he said .
`` To get the nod from Warren this weekend is hugely special , not just me but for all the clubs , people and family who have put effort into me . It 's a huge honour .
`` We want to win but first and foremost we need a performance . Whatever comes after that is what comes .
`` We need to be stepping up and guys to stick your hands up . ''
Head Coach Warren Gatland said : `` Peter ( O'Mahony ) is a proven captain with Munster . He never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team .
`` Every game is a big challenge , which is what we wanted , and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last Test in Australia in 2013 . ”
LIONS : Leigh Halfpenny ( Wales ) ; Anthony Watson ( England ) , Jonathan Davies ( Wales ) , Beo Te ' o ( England ) , George North ( Wales ) ; Jonathan Sexton , Conor Murray ( both Ireland ) ; Mako Vunipola , Jamie George ( both England ) , Tadhg Furlong ( Ireland ) , Maro Itoje , George Kruis ( both England ) , Peter O'Mahony ( capt , Ireland ) , Sean O'Brien ( Ireland ) , Taulupe Faletau ( Wales ) .
Replacements : Ken Owens ( Wales ) , Jack McGrath ( Ireland ) , Kyle Sinckler ( England ) , Iain Henderson ( Ireland ) , Sam Warburton ( Wales ) , Greig Laidlaw ( Scotland ) , Dan Biggar ( Wales ) , Elliot Daly ( England ) .
Check out all the fixtures and results for every match at this year 's Wimbledon championships , including full TV coverage details live on the BBC
Wimbledon 2018 kicks off on Monday 2nd July , and runs for a full fortnight until Sunday 15th July .
Advertisement
In the UK , live TV coverage is shown on the BBC with matches broadcast on TV , and via an online live stream on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website . All Centre Court matches will also be available in Ultra HD for the first time ever .
Matches will be shown live during the day on BBC1 and BBC2 each day from 11:30am ( 11am on day one ) , fronted as always by Sue Barker with commentary from Andrew Castle and John Inverdale . Up to 16 live HD streams will also be available on BBC Sport online , BBC iPlayer and via the Red Button .
There will also be insight from tennis legends including John McEnroe , Martina Navratilova , Boris Becker , Billie Jean King , Tracy Austin , Pat Cash , Kim Clijsters and Tim Henman .
And then an evening round-up , Today at Wimbledon on BBC2 , will see host Claire Balding reflect on the day 's best action .
Check out our guide to all the action on every day at this year 's championships below .
Wimbledon 2018 matches and results – live on BBC
A full order of play will be available on the night before each day 's play
Week 1
Men 's and women 's singles first round :
MEN 'S SINGLES :
R. Federer ( 1 ) v D. Lajovic
L. Lacko v B. Bonzi
I. Karlovic v M. Youzhny
J. Struff v L. Mayer ( 32 )
A. Mannarino ( 22 ) v C. Garin
R. Harrison v R. Carballes Baena
G. Garcia-Lopez v G. Elias
D. Medvedev v B. Coric ( 16 )
S. Querrey ( 11 ) v J. Thompson
S. Stakhovsky v J. Sousa
L. Djere v P.Lorenzi
G. Monfils v R. Gasquet ( 23 )
P. Kohlschreiber v E. Donskoy
G. Muller v M. Mmoh
J-P. Smith v A. Seppi
N. Gombos v K. Anderson ( 8 )
M. Cilic ( 3 ) v Y. Nishioka
J. Kubler v G. Pella
R. Berankis v M. Mcdonald
N. Jarry v F. Krajinovic ( 28 )
L. Pouille ( 17 ) v D. Kudla
P. Polansky v D. Novak
J. Millman v S. Travaglia
L. Broady v M. Raonic ( 13 )
J. Isner ( 9 ) v Y. Maden
S. Johnson v R. Bemelmans
A. Bedene v C. Norrie
R. Albot v P. Carreno Busta ( 20 )
S. Tsitsipas ( 31 ) v G. Barrere
M. Jaziri v J. Donaldson
Y. Bhambri v T. Fabbiano
S. Wawrinka v G. Dimitrov ( 6 )
WOMEN 'S SINGLES :
Ka . Pliskova ( 7 ) v H. Dart
E. Alexandrova v V. Azarenka
I. Begu v K. Swan
A. Sabalenka v M. Buzarnescu ( 29 )
K. Bertens ( 20 ) v B. Stefkova
Y. Wang v A. Blinkova
A. Dulgheru v Kr . Pliskova
J. Larsson v V. Williams ( 9 )
J. Goerges ( 13 ) v M. Puig
V. Lapko v C. Mchale
L. Tsuernko v T. Babos
S. Kuznetsova v B. Strycova
S. Zhang v A. Petkovic
M. Barthel v Y. Wickmayer
V. Kuzmova v R. Peterson
D. Vekic v S. Stephens ( 4 )
E. Svitolina ( 5 ) v T. Maria
A. Schmiedlova v K. Mladenovic
T. Smitkova v V. Tomova
A. Rus v S. Williams ( 25 )
M. Rybarikova ( 19 ) v S. Cirstea
E. Rodina v A. Lottner
L. Kumkhum v B. Pera
A. Tomljanovic v M. Keys ( 10 )
C. Vandeweghe ( 16 ) v K. Sinakova
V. Golubic v O. Jabeur
A. Krunic v M. Brengle
C. Giorgi v A. Sevastova ( 21 )
A. Radwanska ( 32 ) v E. Ruse
K. Bondarenko v L. Safarova
P. Martic v E. Makarova
V. Lepchenko v C. Wozniacki ( 2 )
Men 's and women 's singles first round . Play begins at 11.30am on all courts apart from Centre Court and No 1 Court , where play begins at 1pm .
MEN 'S SINGLES :
D. Thiem ( 7 ) v M. Baghdatis
D. Ferrer v K. Khachanov
J. Benneteau v M. Fucsovics
F. Tiafoe v F. Verdasco ( 30 )
K. Edmund ( 21 ) v A. Bolt
Y. Sugita v B. Klahn
G. Andreozzi v H. Zeballos
T. Sandgren v N. Djokovic ( 12 )
N. Kyrgios ( 15 ) v D. Istomin
M. Copil v R. Haase
B. Tomic v H. Hurkacz
C. Harrison v K. Nishikori ( 24 )
D. Dzumhur ( 27 ) v M. Marterer
E. Gulbis v J. Clarke
L. Sonego v T. Fritz
J. Duckworth v A. Zverev ( 4 )
J. Del Potro ( 5 ) v P. Gojowczyk
F. Lopez v F. Delbonis
B. Paire v A. Murray ( withdrawn )
J. Chardy v D. Shapovalov ( 26 )
J. Sock ( 18 ) v M. Berrettini
G. Simon v N. Basilashvili
A. Ramos-Vinolas v S. Robert
M. Ebden v D. Goffin ( 10 )
D. Schwartzman ( 14 ) v M. Basic
J. Vesely v F. Mayer
P. Cuevas v A. Dolgopolov
T. Daniel v F. Fognini ( 19 )
M. Cecchinato ( 29 ) v A . De Minaur
P. Herbert v M. Zverev
V. Pospisil v M. Kukushkin
D. Sela v R. Nadal ( 2 )
WOMEN 'S SINGLES :
S. Halep ( 1 ) v K. Nara
S. Zheng v Q. Wang
A. Bogdan v L. Arruabarrena
S.W . Hsieh v. A. Pavlyuchenkova
J. Konta ( 22 ) v N. Vikhlyantseva
A. Cornet v D. Cibulkova
M. Vondrousova v S. Vickery
D. Collins v E. Mertens ( 15 )
J. Ostapenko ( 12 ) v K. Dunne
H. Watson v K. Flipkens
S. Kenin v M. Sakkari
V. Diatchenko v M. Sharapova ( 24 )
D. Gavrilova ( 26 ) v Z. Diyas
S. Peng v S. Stosur
P. Parmentier v T. Townsend
S. Sasnovich v P. Kvitova ( 8 )
G. Muguruza ( 3 ) v N. Broady
A . Van Uytvanck v P. Hercog
J. Brady v K. Kozlova
D. Allertova v A. Kontaveit ( 28 )
A. Barty ( 17 ) v S. Voegele
G. Taylor v E. Bouchard
M. Linette v Y. Putinseva
J. Fett v D. Kasatkina ( 14 )
A. Kerber ( 11 ) v V. Zvonareva
A. Konjuh v C. Liu
K. Boulter v V. Cepede Royg
M. Niculescu v N. Osaka ( 18 )
C. Suarez Navarro ( 27 ) v C. Witthoeft
S. Sorribes Tormo v K. Kanepi
A. Riske v T. Bacsinzky
B. Bencic v C. Garcia ( 6 )
Men 's and women 's singles second round
MEN 'S SINGLES :
R. Federer ( 1 ) v L. Lacko
I. Karlovic v J. Struff
A. Mannarino ( 22 ) v R. Harrison
G. Garcia-Lopez v D. Medvedev
S. Querrey ( 11 ) v S. Stakhovsky
P. Lorenzi v G. Monfils
P. Kohlschreiber ( 25 ) v G. Muller
A. Seppi v K. Anderson ( 8 )
M. Cilic ( 3 ) v G. Pella
M. McDonald v N. Jarry
L. Pouille ( 17 ) v D. Novak
J. Millman v M. Raonic ( 13 )
J. Isner ( 9 ) v R. Bemelmans
A. Bedene v R. Albot
S. Tsitsipas ( 31 ) v J. Donaldson
T. Fabbiano v S. Wawrinka
WOMEN 'S SINGLES :
Ka . Pliscova ( 7 ) v V. Azarenka
K. Swan v M. Buzarnescu ( 29 )
K. Bertens ( 20 ) v A. Blinkova
A. Dulgheru v V. Williams ( 9 )
J. Goerges ( 13 ) v V. Lapko
L. Tsurenko v B. Strycova ( 23 )
A. Petkovic v Y. Wickmayer
R. Peterson v D. Vekic
T. Maria v K. Mladenovic
V. Tomova v S. Williams ( 25 )
S. Cirstea v E. Rodina
L. Kumkhum v M. Keys ( 10 )
K. Siniakova v O. Jabeur
M. Brengle v C. Giorgi
A. Radwanska ( 32 ) v L. Safarova
E. Makarova v C. Wozniacki ( 2 )
Men and women 's doubles first round
Men 's and women 's singles second round
MEN 'S SINGLES :
M. Baghdatis v K. Khachanov
J. Benneteau v F. Tiafoe
K. Edmund ( 21 ) v B. Klahn
H. Zeballos v N. Djokovic ( 12 )
N. Kyrgios ( 15 ) v R. Haase
B. Tomic v K. Nishikori ( 24 )
D. Dzumhur ( 27 ) v E. Gulbis
T. Fritz v A. Zverev ( 4 )
J. Del Potro ( 5 ) v F. Lopez
B. Paire v D.Shapovalov ( 26 )
M. Berrettini v G. Simon
S. Robert v M. Ebden
D. Schwartzman ( 14 ) v J. Vesely
S. Bolelli v F. Fognini ( 19 )
A . De Minaur v P. Herbert
M. Kukushkin v R. Nadal ( 2 )
WOMEN 'S SINGLES :
S. Halep v S. Zheng
L. Arruabarrena v S-W. Hsieh
J. Konta ( 22 ) v D. Cibulkova
S. Vickery v E. Mertens ( 15 )
J. Ostapenko v K. Flipkens
S. Kenin v V. Diatchenko
D. Gavrilova ( 26 ) v S. Stosur
T. Townsend v A. Sasnovich
G. Muguruza ( 3 ) v A . Van Uytvanck
J. Brady v A. Kontaveit ( 28 )
A. Barty ( 17 ) v E. Bouchard
Y. Putinseva v D. Kasatkina ( 14 )
A. Kerber v C. Liu
K. Boulter v N. Osaka ( 18 )
C. Suarez Navarro ( 27 ) v S. Sorribes Tormo
A. Riske v B. Bencic
Men and women 's doubles first round
Mixed doubles
Men 's and women 's singles third round
Men and women 's doubles second round
Mixed doubles
Men 's and women 's singles third round
Men and women 's doubles second round
Mixed doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles
Sunday 8 July
No tennis
Week 2
Men 's and women 's singles round of 16 ( everyone plays )
Men and women 's doubles third round
Mixed doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles
Women 's singles quarter-finals
Men and women 's doubles
Mixed doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles and doubles
Invitation doubles
Wednesday 11 July
Men 's singles quarter-finals
Men and women 's doubles
Mixed doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles and doubles
Invitation doubles
Thursday 12 July
Women 's singles semi-finals
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles and doubles
Men 's and women 's wheelchair singles
Invitation doubles
Friday 13 July
Men 's singles semi-finals
Women 's doubles
Boys ' and girls ' singles and doubles
Men 's and women 's wheelchair singles and doubles
Invitation doubles
Saturday 14 July
Women 's singles final
men 's doubles final
Lady doubles final
Girls ' singles final
Boys ' and girls ' doubles
Women 's wheelchair singles final
Men 's wheelchair doubles final
Invitation doubles
Quad wheelchair doubles exhibition
Sunday 15 July
Men 's singles final
Mixed doubles final
Boys ' singles final
Boys ' and girls ' doubles finals
Men 's wheelchair singles final
Women 's wheelchair doubles finals
Advertisement
Invitation doubles finals
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what 's going on around Wales .
In brief : Musk has officially announced his intentions to compete for a contract to build a high-speed loop in Chicago , through his venture The Boring Company . Not a hyperloop , this railway system will instead use electric pods .
A BORING LOOP
Surprise , surprise — Elon Musk has announced another major new project via Twitter . This time , Musk has revealed a project within his drilling venture , The Boring Company . The company , according to Musk , will “ compete to fund , build & operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to downtown . ”
The Boring Company will compete to fund , build & operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to downtown https : //t.co/bRqKpzSJjz — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) November 30 , 2017
The goal of the new system , according to the Chicago Sun-Times , is to shuttle Chicago residents between downtown and O'Hare airport in less than 20 minutes — half the time of the current commute . Musk and his competitors for the Chicago contract will have to include both a downtown and airport station , as well as a maintenance facility , and have a plan in place to minimize “ potential conflicts or impacts on existing transportation systems and the environment . ”
A part of the “ O'Hare express project , ” this concept has been a dream and goal of Chicago 's elected officials for many years . In fact , Chicago 's former Mayor , Richard M. Daley , tried to convince Chinese investors to build the railway system stemming from the Block 37 super-station . But until now , this concept has remained an ambitious , lofty hope — right up Elon Musk 's alley .
A NON-HYPER LOOP
The Sun-Times notes that top mayoral aides took a trip to Los Angeles earlier this year , to discuss the hyperloop option with Musk . Current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanual has expressed enthusiasm over hyperloop technology , and previously said that Musk was “ very interested . ”
However , Musk has clarified that the Chicago system would not actually be a hyperloop . He explained the distinction on Twitter , saying that “ A Loop is like a Hyperloop , but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube . Do n't need to get rid of air friction for short routes . ”
Can you clarify what 's a `` high-speed loop '' ? I assume we are not talking hyperloop ? Is it the previously unveiled electric skate concept ? — Fred Lambert ( @ FredericLambert ) November 30 , 2017
Instead of the vacuum-pods that are part of Hyperloop 's signature , this venture will instead use electric pods to transport people .
There are very few details about the current status of this venture , but we hope to soon learn more about the future of high-speed , public transport in Chicago .
`` Elon Musk Will Compete to Build New Chicago Transportation System '' was originally published by Futurism , LLC on Nov. 30 , 2017 by Chelsea Gohd . Copyright 2017 . Futurism , LLC . All rights reserved .
Why it matters to you This smart new `` hoverboard '' design promises to redeem the tech after years of lesser-quality rideables .
Radical Moov 's name makes it sound a bit like a politically conscious 1990s electronic dance music collective . In fact , it 's a Mark Cuban-backed hoverboard which promises to be so good that it 'll banish all thoughts of lesser quality rideables that have sullied the good name of hoverboards over the years . Just do n't write it off as more of the same !
“ Though Moov looks like a sleeker version of the hoverboard , the riding experience is very different since it 's a rigid platform and has weight-based steering , ” co-founder and engineer EJ Williams told Digital Trends . “ It 's a premium , American-made rideable that is both fun to ride and useful to get around . ”
Moov differs to regular hoverboards in a couple of ways . At 9 inches in diameter and 3 inches in thickness , its wheels are bigger than those found on rival products . The result is greater stability , which is helped by a lower center of gravity for the part of the rideable that the user stands on . That 's a good thing because the Moov can travel faster than many hoverboards — at around 15 miles per hour — and is also designed for performing a number of sport-style tricks .
The other big change is the fact it boasts special sensors embedded into its floor mat , which let users control their ride by subtly shifting their weight . That 's a different approach to normal , but one that its creators hope will provide a more enjoyable riding experience .
“ The current audience for rideables is pretty diverse , ” Williams continued . “ For urban commuting , you 'll see the young professional quite often . But for the recreational and sporty factor , you 'll get all ages . If you like to longboard , rollerblade , or surf and you 're into the latest technology , then this board is 100 percent for you . It 's just simply very fun to ride . Oh , and it 'll get you around if you need to commute . ”
Radical Moov can currently be pre-ordered on Kickstarter , with prices starting at $ 1,099 . Shipping is set to start this November .
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that default has occurred in the conditions of the following described mortgage :
DATE OF MORTGAGE :
December 09 , 2005
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF MORTGAGE : $ 124,700.00
MORTGAGOR ( S ) : Shana Anderson , An Unmarried Person
MORTGAGEE : Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems , Inc. , as nominee for GN Mortgage , LLC , its successors and/or assigns
DATE AND PLACE OF RECORDING :
Recorded : December 15 , 2005 Anoka County Recorder
Document Number :
1980522.002
ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE :
And assigned to : Nationstar Mortgage LLC
Dated : August 15 , 2017
Recorded : August 31 , 2017 Anoka County Recorder
Document Number :
2179880.001
Transaction Agent : Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems , Inc .
Transaction Agent Mortgage Identification Number :
100016500005531685
Lender or Broker :
GN Mortgage , LLC
Residential Mortgage Servicer : Nationstar Mortgage LLC DBA Mr. Cooper
Mortgage Originator :
Not Applicable
COUNTY IN WHICH PROPERTY IS LOCATED : Anoka
Property Address :
13210 Meadowood Trl NW ,
Coon Rapids , MN 55448-8400
Tax Parcel ID Number :
05-31-24-12-0150
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY : Unit No . 68 , Condominium No . 54 , Shenandoah Villas 2nd Addition , a Condominium , Anoka County , Minnesota
AMOUNT DUE AND CLAIMED TO BE DUE AS OF DATE OF NOTICE : $ 123,934.25
THAT all pre-foreclosure requirements have been complied with ; that no action or proceeding has been instituted at law or otherwise to recover the debt secured by said mortgage , or any part thereof ;
PURSUANT to the power of sale contained in said mortgage , the above-described property will be sold by the Sheriff of said county as follows :
DATE AND TIME OF SALE :
November 20 , 2017 at 10:00 AM
PLACE OF SALE : Main Office of the Sheriff , 13301 Hanson Boulevard NW , Andover , Minnesota 55304
to pay the debt secured by said mortgage and taxes , if any , on said premises and the costs and disbursements , including attorney fees allowed by law , subject to redemption within six ( 6 ) months from the date of said sale by the mortgagor ( s ) , their personal representatives or assigns .
If the Mortgage is not reinstated under Minn. Stat . 580.30 or the property is not redeemed under Minn. Stat . 580.23 , the Mortgagor must vacate the property on or before 11:59 p.m. on May 21 , 2018 , or the next business day if May 21 , 2018 falls on a Saturday , Sunday or legal holiday .
Mortgagor ( s ) released from financial obligation : NONE
THIS COMMUNICATION IS FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR ATTEMPTING TO COLLECT A DEBT . ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE .
THE RIGHT TO VERIFICATION OF THE DEBT AND IDENTITY OF THE ORIGINAL CREDITOR WITHIN THE TIME PROVIDED BY LAW IS NOT AFFECTED BY THIS ACTION .
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR , THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS , MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES , SECTION 582.032 , DETERMINING , AMONG OTHER THINGS , THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS , ARE NOT PROPERTY USED IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION , AND ARE ABANDONED .
DATED : October 05 , 2017
ASSIGNEE OF MORTGAGEE :
Nationstar Mortgage LLC D/B/A Mr. Cooper
Wilford , Geske & Cook P.A .
Attorneys for Assignee of Mortgagee
7616 Currell Blvd Ste 200
Woodbury , MN 55125-2296
( 651 ) 209-3300
File Number : 038196F01
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6 , 13 , 20 , 27 ,
November 3 , 10 , 2017
740637
On April 28 , Middleburg 's Emmanuel Episcopal Church filled to celebrate the new ministry between the 176-year old parish and its newest rector , The Rev . Eugene LeCouteur . Warm sunshine and the dogwoods and flowers of Emmanuel 's grounds greeted worshipers from Middleburg and a busload of folks from Gene 's last parish , St. Stephen 's Episcopal , in Richmond .
Bishop Susan Ellyn Goff led the service that formally made Gene Emmanuel 's 25th rector . The Rev . Gary D. Jones , rector of St. Stephen 's , where Gene served for nine years , was the guest preacher .
In his sermon Fr . Jones stated , “ Gene arrives here as one of the finest priests in the Episcopal Church today. ” Continuing , he said , “ Gene is a biblical scholar , a creative thinker , a man of deep prayer , and a man with a very big , very kind and very sensitive heart . He will make you proud and work hard to serve your community . ”
Gene has extensive experience in the business world , including gourmet food retail management , guitar making , marketing research , and public policy research and analysis . But he found his passion in the study of his faith and in ministering to people in a parish setting . He loves teaching all ages . He started his work in the Episcopal Church 30 years ago working with 2-year-olds in Sunday School . One of his favorite ministries at his last parish was a Bible Study with folks , most of whom are age 70 or older .
He has also felt a particular passion for mission work—local , national and international . He has served in West Virginia , Honduras , and The Dominican Republic . He has also led pilgrimages to Italy , Ireland and South Africa .
“ I am particularly excited to come to Emmanuel Church and Middleburg because of the small town setting and the rich history . What drew me to Emmanuel is the warmth of the congregation and the desire to do good in the community . As James wrote , ‘ Faith without works is dead . ' The people of Emmanuel are not dead , nor close to it . This is a faith community alive with the Holy Spirit and looking to help all people as best they can . ”
Gene noted the Emmanuel tradition of having the church open all day every day for prayer , meditation , or just rest . “ We invite all people to worship with us or use our church building for a private spiritual time . The Episcopal Church welcomes all people with their gifts , their flaws , their sorrows and their joys . Come because it is the Lord who invites you . We will gladly meet you here . ”
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball 's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Washington . Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said special counsel Robert Mueller 's team would be `` meddling '' in the fall midterm elections — his latest evidence-free charge against the members of law enforcement charged with investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election .
`` The 13 Angry Democrats ( plus people who worked 8 years for Obama ) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt , will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections , especially now that Republicans ( stay tough ! ) are taking the lead in Polls , '' Trump tweeted .
`` There was no Collusion , except by the Democrats ! '' Trump added .
In a series of other tweets , Trump also questioned why Mueller 's team was n't investigating Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and `` Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc . ''
“ It 's a Rigged Witch Hunt , that 's why ! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration ! ” he wrote .
Trump has repeatedly claimed Mueller 's investigation is a partisan effort to undermine his administration , which he often calls a `` witch hunt . ''
In recent weeks , he has repeatedly attacked Mueller 's team — which he has at times dubbed the `` 13 angry Democrats '' — and has accused the Department of Justice of having improperly inserted a “ spy ” inside his campaign .
Former intelligence community officials have forcefully pushed back on the president 's claims and defended the FBI 's reported use of an informant in its Russia investigation . After a classified Justice Department briefing attended by a bipartisan group of top lawmakers last week , Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , said there `` is no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI , or any intelligence agency , placed a spy in the Trump campaign or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols . ''
Since Mueller 's appointment , nearly 20 individuals have been charged with crimes , including five who pleaded guilty ( among them Michael Flynn , Trump 's former national security adviser ) and 13 Russian nationals .
The Zika virus was spreading in northeastern Brazil for as long as a year before anyone noticed , and for weeks and months in places like Miami and Honduras , new genomic studies show .
Their findings show that new infections can get a good foothold before alarm bells sound , but also demonstrate that keeping a closer watch can pay off .
The team studied the spread of the Zika virus ( left ; courtesy NIAID ) among affected regions in South and Central America and the Caribbean ( right , in red ) . Broad Institute
And there 's some reassuring news for the U.S. — the virus does not seem to be able to spread in Florida as effectively as it does in Brazil , and using pesticides to kill mosquitoes worked to stop it .
But travelers from affected areas will almost certainly continue to bring it into the U.S. as they have been doing , the researchers noted .
Three international teams of researchers sequenced and studied the genomes of the mosquito-borne virus to trace its origin and spread across the Americas . It was first noticed in Brazil in 2015 , and spread quickly .
“ The virus appears to have been circulating long before the first cases were reported , ” said Pardis Sabeti , whose lab at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard University conducted much of the work in one study .
They used a genetic clock to calculate this , taking samples from people and mosquitoes and looking carefully at the DNA .
“ We were way behind the curve on Zika . ”
“ Different organisms have different mutation rates , ” Sabeti told NBC News .
“ They often have a pretty predictable pattern and timing . The more we understand them , the more we can use the accumulation of mutations as a tick of a clock to understand how long a virus has been around . ”
Sabeti 's team authored one of three studies published in the journal Nature Wednesday showing that Zika was flying under the radar for some time in the Americas .
Zika appears to have taken hold in people and mosquitoes in Brazil in late 2013 or early 2014 , and in Colombia , Honduras , Puerto Rico and other Caribbean nations as long as nine months before the first cases were reported in each place .
It 's not a surprise that the virus — never before seen outside Africa , Asia and the Pacific — would go undetected . Zika does n't cause symptoms in four out of five people and , even when it does cause symptoms , they are not usually serious .
By analyzing genomes generated as part of the study , researchers confirmed that the Zika virus was present in affected countries well before the first confirmed cases were detected . Broad Institute
And it looks a lot like other infections , notably its close relative dengue , which is also carried by mosquitoes .
But since it hit Brazil , doctors have learned that it can cause devastating birth defects and sometimes life-threatening reactions in a few people .
“ We were way behind the curve on Zika , ” said the Broad Institute 's Bronwyn MacInnis . “ We need to be well ahead of the next emerging viral threat , and genomics can have a role in achieving this . ”
A team at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID ) , The Scripps Research Institute , Oxford University and elsewhere found evidence Zika had been in Florida since the spring of 2016 . The first locally transmitted cases were reported in July .
Related : Miami Fights Zika Outbreak
“ We show that at least four introductions , but potentially as many as 40 , contributed to the outbreak in Florida and that local transmission likely started in the spring of 2016 — several months before initial detection , ” they wrote in their report in Nature .
The genetic lineage shows that whoever carried the virus in their bodies to Florida mostly came from infected areas of the Caribbean — probably the Dominican Republic and Guadeloupe — and some from Central America .
“ Combining the infection rates with travel capacities , we estimated that around 60-70 percent of Zika-infected travelers arrived from the Caribbean , ” they wrote .
The virus spreads when an Aedes aegypti mosquito bites an infected person and then bites someone else . In Brazil , there were enough infected people and enough mosquitoes for this to mean that each infected person infected about three other people . But in Miami , with fewer mosquitoes , air conditioning and screens , not everyone infected even one other person . So the virus was easier to control .
Just this week , a congressional committee heard complaints that U.S. officials struggled to properly diagnose people at the beginning of the outbreak , in part because there were not good tests and they were not calibrated well .
Related : U.S. Women Not Getting Zika Followup
But one international team developed a portable , fast , hi-tech genomics test and took it on the road across Brazil .
They got a boatload of Zika samples from 1,300 patients .
“ We developed a new protocol that allows for real-time genomic sequencing — something of vital importance when managing viral outbreaks as it can provide real insight into how a virus is spreading , transmitting and evolving , ” said Nick Loman , of the University of Birmingham 's School of Biosciences , who worked on that study .
“ The responses to the recent Ebola and Zika outbreaks … have looked too much like valiant bucket brigades organized after the fire is out of control . ”
“ We also found that northeast Brazil , which was the region with the most recorded cases of Zika and microcephaly , was the nexus of the epidemic in Brazil and played a key role in its spread within Brazil to major urban centers , such as Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo , before spreading across the Americas , ” added Oxford University 's Oliver Pybus .
Michael Worobey , an expert on the evolution of viruses at the University of Arizona , who was not involved in the studies , said they show it is possible to be on top of new disease outbreaks .
“ Such work is possible mostly through the sustained efforts of a fairly small number of scientists supported by modest grants from a few enlightened funders , ” he wrote in a commentary .
Governments could pay to do far more , he suggested .
Related : South Texas Has a Yellow Zika Zone
He compared it to fire watch efforts in the dry U.S. West , where lightning strikes are tracked and teams are sent to tackle small fires immediately .
“ This mentality needs to be applied to emerging infectious diseases , ” Worobey wrote .
“ The responses to the recent Ebola and Zika outbreaks undoubtedly involved great courage and ingenuity , but they have looked too much like valiant bucket brigades organized after the fire is out of control . ”
In brief : Honda is planning to enter the electric vehicle market with revolutionary technologies that could potentially usher in EV mass adoption . The plan includes a new line of EVs built with high-capacity batteries that can be charged fully in 15 minutes .
A BOLD PROMISE
Until very recently , manufacturing electric vehicles ( EVs ) did n't seem to be the priority at Honda . In fact , the Japanese carmaker has been dubbed the world 's largest internal combustion engine ( ICE ) manufacturer . The veteran car manufacturer , which has previously focused on developing hydrogen fuel cars , now has two EVs in the works , both slated for a 2018 roll-out .
Joining the EV race at a point in which most carmakers already have their own electric cars — including Japanese rivals Toyota and Nissan — Honda seems intent on making their vehicles stand out . Earlier this year , the company presented a dynamic charging system meant to give EVs near unlimited range .
Now , according to an exclusive from the Nikkei Asian Review , Honda is developing EVs that can charge in just 15 minutes . These EVs would supposedly have high-capacity batteries capable of handling such ultra-fast charging .
FAST CHARGING EVS
Nikkei reports that Honda plans to launch their new line of EVs in 2022 , each with a range of 240km from a single 15-minute charge . This is a significant improvement , considering how today 's EV chargers work . Some , like Tesla 's network of Superchargers , can recharge EVs to 80 percent in 20 to 40 minutes . Meanwhile , others fully charge EVs in three to four hours , while slower charging points take around six to eight hours .
These longer charging times taking more time than refueling petrol and diesel cars have become one of the roadblocks to the mass adoption of EVs . Honda 's supercharging technology , coupled with their dynamic charging system , could potentially change the EV game .
The success of Honda 's plans , however , still depends on how fast other carmakers can improve the battery and charging systems in their respective EVs . Given Honda 's current timetable , there 's a lot that can happen in five years , and a 15-minute charging time might already become an industry standard by then . Nevertheless , Honda 's goal is a promising one . The carmaker is also planning to release EVs in Europe by 2019 and in Japan the year after .
`` Honda Claims Its 2022 Electric Vehicles Can Charge in 15 Minutes '' was originally published by Futurism , LLC on Nov. 27 , 2017 by Dom Galeon . Copyright 2017 . Futurism , LLC . All rights reserved .
Volleyball players of the Week announced
Player of the Week for the Roxana match
CARLINVILLE ( Oct. 5 , 2017 ) – Emma Griffith , daughter of Rick and Becca Griffith , has been selected the Player of the Week sponsored by Glenn Insurance .
Emma is a senior outside hitter for the ladies . She had an outstanding match against the Roxana Shells . Serving is her strength as she leads the team in ace serves . She serves as a passer in the passing system , is playing some great front line defense and her attacking is making some strong strides on the outside for the ladies .
Emma 's hard work during the summer and in jump training have brought her into the season a much stronger player . So far in the season she has missed only 12 serves out of 113 attempts with 26 aces . As the season progresses , the team can count on her for strong serves forcing opponents out of running fast offense or serving aces to score .
Stats for the Roxana match were:14 Service Points with two aces and no serving errors , five kills and eight digs .
Congratulations Emma from Andy Glenn of Glenn Insurance , teammates , and Coaches on your selection for Player of the Week .
Player of the Week for the matches for the Southwestern and Gillespie matches :
Sydney Bates , daughter of Mike and Tracey Bates , has been selected the Player of the Week sponsored by Glenn Insurance .
Sydney is a senior setter for the Lady Cavies . She has been the setter for the team for the past two seasons . Running a fast offense requires a lot of skill in her role . Not only does her coaching staff and players know how strong she is in her role but coaches from other schools have commented this season on how well she runs the court . She knows her hitters well and where each particular one needs her set to be to perform at their best level . Sydney is also great at scoring on second ball attacks .
Stats for the Pleasant Plains and Southwestern matches are : 13 service points and an ace , seven kills , 25 assists , and 15 digs .
Congratulations to you from Andy Glenn of Glenn Insurance , teammates , and Coaches on being selected Player of the Week .
Why it matters to you The Man in the High Castle is one of Amazon 's most successful and popular original series , and season 3 should be even crazier than the first two .
So far , New York Comic Con has been very kind to fans of Philip K. Dick , the legendary science fiction author whose works inspired popular ( and occasionally groundbreaking ) films such as Blade Runner , Total Recall , and A Scanner Darkly .
In addition to blessing us with the first trailer for upcoming anthology series Electric Dreams , NYCC 2017 marked the debut of our second official look ( following a teaser which dropped in January ) at The Man in the High Castle ‘ s third season , in the form of a three-minute clip ( viewable above ) .
In the clip , SS Obergruppenführer John Smith ( Rufus Sewell ) meets with a Nazi scientist who is overseeing experimentation on a young film courier , Fatima Hassan . The scientist explains to Smith that the woman is a “ traveler ” — a version of Hassan from an alternate reality within the “ multiverse ” — and provides evidence for his claim ( along with the film reel she was carrying prior to her capture ) .
The existence of alternate realities is a recurring thread in High Castle , featuring most prominently early in the first season and acting as a catalyst to bring together lead characters . Season two ended with Smith taking command of the Third Reich alongside Heinrich Himmler following a coup which exposed a nefarious plot by Martin Heusmann against Japan ; we 're curious to see whether he decides to investigate these “ travelers ” further , given his newfound power . The film reel taken from the “ traveler ” could also play a prominent role , especially considering the final scene of season 2 , where Smith gains access to the film collection of the late führer .
For those unaware , The Man in the High Castle is a 1962 alternative history novel , in which Dick explores a hypothetical scenario where the Axis powers prevailed in World War II , thus subjecting the United States to the oppressive regimes of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan . Alexa Davalos ( Defiance ) , Rupert Evans ( Hellboy [ 2004 ] ) , and Luke Kleintank ( Pretty Little Liars ) star in the series .
In 2015 , we had our first look at Amazon 's television adaptation of the novel at Comic-Con ( though it was the San Diego flagship convention ) . In the years since , the series has become one of the most popular Amazon originals , rivaling acclaimed shows like Transparent in terms of popularity and reputation . Season 3 will arrive sometime in 2018 .
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville , Va. , President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name . Trump 's remarks on Monday following criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically .
`` Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' the president said from the White House .
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed . Heather Heyer , 32 , died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters . Two Virginia State Troopers , Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M . Bates , died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed .
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack .
`` To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered , '' the president said .
But for many , the president 's condemnations may be too little too late . His initial statement on Saturday , claiming that the clashes were a result of `` hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides '' was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists , alt-right , Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning , saying that , `` The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups . He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Vice President Pence went further than the president , telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia , `` We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo-Nazis or the KKK . These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ''
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson intends to use his last European experience to shape his future ones as the Reds look to secure their return to the Champions League .
The England midfielder is one of only three survivors from the team which lost the Europa League final to Sevilla in Basle in May 2016 .
As they set out to convert their fourth-placed Premier League finish into a place in Europe 's elite for the first time since the autumn of 2014 Henderson is drawing on bitter experience for motivation .
`` That was a tough night for us as a team . Losing in any final but particularly a European final is tough , '' he said of the Basle experience , where Liverpool went 1-0 up but fell apart in the second half and lost 3-1 .
`` You have to use that and make sure you do not have that feeling again and we will use that going into the game and that anger , if you like , to have a good Euro campaign so hopefully it will help us to go forward . ''
Manager Jurgen Klopp knows this is a chance they can not afford to squander against Hoffenheim - a tough prospect against a team who finished finished fourth in the Bundesliga - having worked so hard to hang on to a top-four spot last season .
`` We fought really hard for this opportunity , '' he said .
`` After we beat Middlesbrough in May we knew we were fourth but we had no idea if we were seeded or not .
`` The night we celebrated someone came in and said : 'We 're seeded . ' Everyone was really happy and then we saw who we could still get .
`` There is a job to do . For three months we 've been looking forward to this game . We 're in a good mood .
`` We know about the qualities of the opponent and the difficulty of the challenge but it 's just good to be here after a long time .
`` It 's good to have the chance to do it , even though we know it will be hard . We know more about Hoffenheim than you can imagine .
`` They are strong , we are strong and both have the big aim to go into the group stage so that makes it really exciting . ''
The number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50 % in the last year , new figures reveal .
There was a total of 387 arrests in the year to February 2017 , up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016 , according to statistics obtained by BBC Panorama .
The Lancashire Post reported on a similar incident earlier this month . Read it here .
The figures were from responses from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch who were contacted by the programme .
Ally Murphy , a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager , told Panorama : `` People just see us as barmaids in the sky .
`` I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess .
`` They would touch your breasts , or they 'd touch your bum or your legs , or I mean I 've had hands going up my skirt before .
`` It 's rage inducing , and you should n't have to deal with that .
`` I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly , and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now , you kind of just accept it as part of the job . And it should n't be . ''
Another cabin crew member , who was unnamed in the programme , said airline workers had found `` countless '' litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante , Ibiza , Palma were among the worst routes .
Alexandra Wilms , of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism , called for `` high fines '' to try and deal with the problem as `` these kinds of people do n't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money '' while Airport Operators ' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol .
Ms Dee said : `` The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem . It 's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly . ''
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago .
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly .
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this .
Also , internet-only TV subscriptions are playing a small role . Leichtman reckons that there are 1.36 million Sling TV subscribers , and 375,000 DirecTV Now members .
The shift in power comes in part through Netflix 's ever-greater reliance on originals . There 's enough high-quality material that it can compete with more established networks . However , it 's also getting a boost from the decline of conventional TV . Those traditional sources lost 760,000 subscribers in the first quarter of the year versus 120,000 a year earlier . Leichtman believes a combination of cord cutters and reduced marketing toward cost-conscious viewers is to blame . Cable giants might not be in dire straits , but they 're clearly focusing on their most lucrative customers as others jump ship for the internet .
`` This is a profoundly sad day for us as well as the millions of kids and families who we have served for the past 70 years , ” said CEO Dave Brandon in a statement announcing the changes .
“ I am very disappointed with the result , but we no longer have the financial support to continue the company 's U.S. operations , '' he continued . `` We are therefore implementing an orderly process to shutter our U.S. operations and will pursue going concern sales or reorganizations of certain of our international businesses , while our other international businesses consider their options . ”
In September last year the chain filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection , noting that it had $ 5 billion in debt to repay . Despite a strong holiday season , the beleaguered retailer announced in January that it would have to close 180 stores , and on Wednesday it said it would close all stores in the U.K .
New York Senator Chuck Schumer said Wednesday in a letter to the Federal Trade Commission , “ With the entire Toys R Us operation at risk of shutting its doors for good , I am urging the company to redeem outstanding gift cards for cash . It appears the music is about to stop for the iconic retailer and consumers could be left in the lurch when it comes to the loss of a whole lot of money in unspent gift cards . ''
Toys R Us is the latest victim of a changing economy , amid tough competition from online retailers like Amazon . Just this month , JCPenney announced 360 jobs would be cut , and earlier this year Macy 's announced it would be axing 5,000 positions .
The collapse of the toy empire where generations of Americans flocked to buy their games , their first bike , and their Barbie dolls , is a massive blow to the toy industry as a whole : Mattel and Hasbro both saw their stock sink in recent days as news spread of the toy dynasty 's implosion . Toys R Us represents about 10 percent of their revenue , reported Reuters .
Impact of Climate Change on Karachi May be One of Pakistan 's Biggest Threats
KARACHI , Pakistan , Feb 2 2018 ( IPS ) - Historically a small fishing village , Karachi has now turned into Pakistan 's biggest commerce and industrial center that generates about half of the country 's tax revenue .
The city also accounts for at least 42 per cent of its total gross domestic product ( GDP ) , houses its stock exchange , central bank , and the headquarters of most banks , along with major foreign multinational corporations .
The former capital has an ethnically and religiously diverse population that exceeds 17 million , and according to a 2015 report by Express Tribune , a million people from other cities and rural areas migrate there every three years due to its high employment opportunities .
According to World Wildlife Federation ( WWF-Pakistan ) , an increasing proportion of these migrants include those that have been displaced due to an increase in catastrophic floods caused by melting glaciers or those that have been impacted by the rising droughts in the warmer regions .
German Watch , a German think-tank in its recent Global Climate Risk Index 2016 report listed Pakistan number five in the list of top 10 countries most affected by climate change .
Karachi , Pakistan 's main portal city is also far from immune to the impacts of global rising temperatures .
In fact , urban cities – such as Karachi – are usually more susceptible to heat waves due to a phenomenon knows as the “ heat island effect ” which causes temperatures to be 5-8 °C higher than the countryside .
“ Deforestation , miles of asphalt roads and vertical building structures increase heat absorption and limit air circulation , ” says Zainub AlRustamani , a sustainable urban planning consultant and architect .
“ The vehicular and industrial emissions as well as the increased energy consumption of an unchecked growing population in poorly planned yet densely populated settlements also factor in . ”
In 2015 , the severe heat wave that struck Southern Pakistan had temperatures as high as 49 °C and in Karachi alone claimed the lives of almost 1,200 people , according to local newspapers – a first in the country 's recent history .
Karachi is also close to the Indus River Delta , where the Indus flows into the Arabian Sea .
Due to rising sea levels , the delta is now almost at-level with the Arabian Sea .
“ This threatens the stability of the ecosystem because it leads to land erosion and increases the salinity of creeks flowing from the Indus , ” says Dr Amir Inam of Pakistan 's Institute of Oceanography .
Sea intrusion increases temporary and permanent flooding to large land areas , which limits fresh water supplies and food security , he adds . This also creates an inhospitable environment for aquatic creatures and mangrove trees that depend on fresh water .
In fact , the area of Pakistan that is covered by mangrove forests has decreased from 400,000 hectares in 1945 to 70,000 hectares , according to a report by Climate Change News , due partly to the rising sea levels and partly to land grabbing . Some 205 acres had been razed to make way for several coal-fired power plants .
The repercussions of the upset in the balance of the ecosystem are vast . According to the World Wildlife Federation ( WWF ) , these mangrove trees play a critical role in buffering the coastline from erosion caused by waves and storms .
“ Mangrove trees can not stop cyclones and tsunamis . But they do act as the first line of defense against these natural calamities , minimizing their damage , ” adds Dr. Inam .
With the mangroves gone , the Karachi coastline has become more prone to natural disasters such as cyclones and tsunamis .
While no major tsunami has struck Karachi since 1945 , a drill stimulating a major earthquake in the Indian Ocean conducted by United Nations warned that the tsunami waves could reach Karachi in just one and a half hours and “ wipe out the entire city ” .
So far , no tangible evacuation plan exists to prepare the city 's residents in case of an emergency .
An additional strain to Karachi 's stability is the Port Qasim Power Project , part of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor program , currently in development along the coastline of the Arabian Sea .
Though created to alleviate Pakistan 's energy crisis , the project has wreaked havoc on the lives of people in close proximity to it , and damaged one of Pakistan 's most critical ecosystems that many living along the coastal belt replied on , to farm and fish .
These changes have already displaced as many as 80 percent of the five million Pakistanis who once lived along the banks of the Delta .
Policy making on climate change have so far lagged in the country and the first major bill to “ fast-track measures needed to implement actions on the ground ” was passed just last year .
Measures had been passed earlier address climate change , but most have been little implemented , critics charge .
“ The Pakistani government must prioritize its response to climate change in order to mitigate environmental threats and prevent future calamities , ” says Sarfaraz Khan , an environmental activist based in Pakistan .
And much like the government , the Pakistani public finds it difficult to prioritize climate change when the average citizen is deprived of life 's most basic necessities and the immediate and clear hazards to livelihood trump long-term , still somewhat largely invisible threats .
However , this perception is changing as global warming starts to impact everyday life .
In 2007-2008 , a Gallup poll found that only 34 percent of Pakistanis were aware of climate change , and only 24 percent considered it a serious threat but by 2015 , Pakistan had joined a list by Pew Research Center of the top 19 countries where the majority of the population now considers climate change a top global threat .
“ For decades , Pakistan has struggled to manage urgent crises , ranging from infrastructure woes to terrorism , ” adds Khan . “ There is no downplaying the severity of those threats but , at the same time , it is vital to acknowledge that another potentially devastating danger lurks in the shadows . ”
Karachi was named among the least safe cities of the world in a 2017 report of 60 cities published by the Economist Intelligence Unit ( EIU ) .
Only five cities across the globe were placed above Karachi in the category of deaths from natural disasters .
Annually , more than four people among one million lost their lives in Karachi due to natural disasters .
If actions are not taken to combat the impact of climate change , environmental factors will continue to worsen the political and economic instability in Pakistan and one of their biggest threats , in the long term , is the stabilization of Karachi , the country 's economic backbone .
The Kansas City Chiefs are the AFC West champions and the number two seed in the AFC . It 's been a little bit of a roller coaster ride during the 2016 season , but the end result is a 12-4 record ( which is the third best record in all of the NFL ) and a first round bye in the playoffs . Everything went KC 's way on Sunday as they defeated the San Diego Chargers 37-27 and got the help they needed as the Denver Broncos beat the quarterbackless Oakland Raiders 24-6 . While the Chiefs have found creative ways to win all season it was often a necessity to do so because their offense was struggling . That has n't been the case down the stretch with the offense finally seeming to find its stride . That is very good news as the Chiefs head into the playoffs .
Through fourteen games the Kansas City Chiefs were averaging 22.8 points per game and converting a miserable 34.8 % of their third downs . In their final two games of the season the Chiefs scored 35 points per game and converted 58.6 % of their third downs . The Chiefs defense is good , but I do n't know that they are elite enough to win a Super Bowl if the offense is only scoring 23 points and converting 35 % of their third downs . However , if you pair KC 's defense ( and special teams for that matter ) with an offense that is putting up 35 points and converting over 50 % of their third downs then I truly believe that the Chiefs can play with any team in the NFL .
If the Chiefs put up these numbers against two terrible defenses then there might be reason for doubt , but the Chiefs the biggest offensive outburst of the season came last week against the Denver Broncos who have one of the best defenses in all of the NFL . The Chiefs actually put up numbers against Denver that no team had in years as they racked up 33 points and 484 yards against the defending Super Bowl champs . If they can produce against that defense they have the potential to produce against any defense they will see in the playoffs .
The three best defenses in the playoffs this year are probably Houston 's , New England 's , and Seattle 's . Here are how their numbers this season compare to Denver 's .
Denver : 18.6 PPG , 316.1 YPG , 4.7 YPP , 36 % third downs allowed
Houston : 20.5 PPG , 301.3 YPG , 5.1 YPP , 38 % third downs allowed
New England : 15.6 PPG , 326.4 YPG , 5.2 YPP , 37 % third downs allowed
Seattle : 18.2 PPG , 318.7 YPG , 5.0 YPP , 39 % third downs allowed
As you can see , none of the potential top defenses that the Chiefs may face in the playoffs are better than Denver 's . New England has a clear advantage in points allowed , but the rest of their numbers are actually worse than Denver 's . So I 'll say it again , if the offense that has shown up the past two weeks shows up in the playoffs the Chiefs can compete with anyone .
So what is the key to Kansas City maintaining their offensive success ? To me it comes down to two key things .
1 . Get the ball into the hands of the playmakers .
After the loss to the Titans I wrote ( or ranted ) about how KC 's biggest problem was not utilizing their best weapons , particularly Travis Kelce and Tyreek Hill . While Kelce may not have had a big day against the Chargers , it was n't really needed and overall KC has done a MUCH better job of utilizing their best players the past two weeks . The triple threat of Travis Kelce , Jeremy Maclin , and Tyreek Hill give the Chiefs enough offensive firepower to threaten even the elite defenses of the NFL . While you do n't want to ignore an open target just to force the ball to these three , too often earlier in the season the Chiefs seemed to be giving guys like Albert Wilson and Demetrius Harris as many designed targets as they did their far superior teammates .
Look , kudos to Albert Wilson on his big play this week , but that does n't mean the Chiefs should game plan an equal amount of touches for him as Tyreek Hill . Harris has had a couple of key plays this season but the plan should be to get Kelce the ball early and often and Harris is a fallback option if the defense takes Kelce away . I also feel its safe to say that the Chiefs are now clearly a passing team . While I was n't sure I could get behind that even just six weeks ago , I think its clearly who they are now .
Spencer Ware and Charcandrick West can give the Chiefs enough balance in the run game to compliment the trio of elite weapons in the pass game but I do n't feel confident that the Chiefs can put the game on Ware and West 's shoulders and ride them to victory . The Chiefs now pass to open up the run game as opposed to the other way around . So yes , the Chiefs need enough touches for the running backs to keep the defense honest , but the number one goal has to be to utilize the abilities of Kelce , Maclin , and Hill . They are the guys that make this offense explosive and hard to handle .
2 . Alex Smith has to be a threat to run .
I think one of the underrated aspects of the Chiefs offense the past two weeks has been the return of Alex Smith the running quarterback . Through 14 games Smith had just 67 yards rushing on the season ( after almost 500 yards rushing in 2015 ) . In the final two games Smith matched his total from the first 14 games with exactly 67 yards rushing . While a little over 30 yards a game may not seem like a huge deal , it really makes a massive difference in KC 's offense . I feel it is one of the biggest reasons we 've seen such a dramatic jump in KC 's third down conversion percentage . It 's not just when Smith can take off and pick up a third down either . It 's when he takes off on second down instead of throwing the ball away and changes a 3rd and 10 to a 3rd and 4 . He 's also come through with a rushing touchdown in each of the last two games . If linebackers and safeties have to hesitate for just a split second to account for Smith 's potential to run it allows guys like Maclin and Kelce that extra foot of separation they need to get the ball in their hands .
Alex Smith has been incredibly accurate the past two weeks completing 71.9 % of his passes . While he will never strike fear into a defense with his passing prowess , if he completes around 70 % of his passes AND is a threat to take off and run then KC 's offense becomes very hard to stop . If the majority of those passes are going to playmakers like Kelce , Maclin , and Hill then the Chiefs are going to score some points on offense . Period .
I do n't know what the playoffs will bring for this Chiefs team . I know I love their playmaking defense ( especially if Houston is back ) . I know they have one of the best special teams units in all of the NFL . The only question mark has been the offense and the past two weeks leading into the playoffs that offense has looked MUCH better . Andy Reid now has an extra week to get them ready and if the results are anything like they 've been to end the season I like Kansas City 's chances .
So what do you think Addicts ? Do you believe this offense can get the job done in the playoffs ? Are you worried the offense that we saw against the Titans may rear its ugly head again at the worst possible time ? I 'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments below . Until next week , take a moment and enjoy the fact that your team is 12-4 , are the AFC West division champs , and have earned a first round bye and a home playoff game at Arrowhead .
As always , thanks for reading and GO CHIEFS ! ! ! ! !
More from Arrowhead Addict
This article originally appeared on
BISMARCK , N.D. — The Army Corps of Engineers says it likely will take until April to finish court-ordered additional environmental study of the Dakota Access pipeline .
The agency had anticipated completing the task this year . But attorneys say in court documents filed Friday that it will take longer than expected to get needed information from Texas-based pipeline developer Energy Transfer Partners and at least one American Indian tribe .
The $ 3.8 billion pipeline began carrying oil from North Dakota to Illinois on June 1 . But four Sioux tribes are still challenging it in court because they fear a leak could contaminate their water supply .
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg ruled in June that more environmental review was necessary . He 's considering shutting down the pipeline while that 's done , but it is n't known when he 'll rule .
With 50 days to go until the start of the Hockey World Cup , England forward Sophie Bray tells BBC Sport that she did not wash her shirt during the Rio Olympic Games where Team GB won gold and explains where her nickname came from .
WATCH MORE : Manny Pacquiao 's top five tips for success
Irish jockey Graham Gibbons has been banned for two-and-a-half years after failing a drugs test and attempting to swap urine samples with another rider , the British Horseracing Authority ( BHA ) has confirmed .
Gibbons , a leading all-weather circuit flat racing jockey , was among a group of riders selected for random testing at the Kempton meeting last December and tested positive for benzoylecgonine , a metabolite of cocaine .
He was then caught attempting to swap urine samples with Callum Shepherd , who was not charged .
The Irishman had voluntarily not ridden since 9 December and received a two-year ban by the disciplinary panel of the BHA due to the attempted urine switch and a six-month ban for the failed drugs test . The bans will run concurrently until June 8 , 2019 .
`` Graham Gibbons , found in breach of Rule ( D ) 65 , received 6 months suspension from 9 Dec 2016 to 8 June 2017 inclusive , '' the BHA said on their official Twitter account .
`` Gibbons also found in breach of Rule ( A ) 30 and receives a two-year suspension from 9 June 2017 until 8 June 2019 inclusive . ''
The 35-year-old was on course to record 100 winners in a calendar year for the first time before the failed drugs test .
He was previously banned from riding for 35 days after failing a breath test for alcohol in 2007 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea , the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1 .
In a brief statement , the Pentagon said Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and his South Korean counterpart , Song Young-moo , agreed to go forward with the maneuvers , known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve , `` at a scale similar to '' that of previous years .
North Korea has been notified of the schedule `` as well as the defensive nature '' of the exercises , the Pentagon said .
The timing and size of the annual maneuvers are especially sensitive this year because of heightened tension over the North 's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States - followed , unexpectedly , by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis .
North Korea typically objects to U.S.-South Korean military exercises , calling them dress rehearsals for an invasion . Washington and Seoul insist they are defensive and are needed to keep allied forces combat-ready .
After recent high-level talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , South Korean officials said Kim indicated his acceptance of the maneuvers . Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up his nuclear weapons on unspecified terms , and Trump quickly agreed . The time and place of the unprecedented talks have not been set , but the White House indicated the summit would happen by May .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is scheduled to set the stage for that summit by meeting with Kim in April in the Demilitarized Zone , which separates the two Koreas .
It had been widely expected that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises would go ahead , even with the new prospects for diplomacy . Some have speculated that the maneuvers would be scaled back , but the Pentagon said they would be conducted at `` the same scale , scope and duration '' as in previous years .
The larger of the two exercises , Foal Eagle , is a field training exercise with about 11,500 U.S. troops and about 290,000 South Korean troops , according to a Pentagon spokesman , Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan . The other , known as Key Resolve , will involve about 12,200 U.S. troops and about 10,000 from South Korea .
`` To avoid compromising exercise objectives , specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed , '' Logan said , adding that the purpose is to `` enhance '' the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory .
The U.S. has about 28,500 troops permanently stationed in South Korea and is obligated by treaty to defend the South in the event it is attacked by the North . The two Koreas are still technically at war because their 1950-53 war ended in an armistice , not a peace treaty .
A student 's defense lawyer says hazing rituals at an Omaha fraternity share the blame for his attack on another student .
The Omaha World-Herald reports that 20-year-old Christopher Wheeler is charged with second-degree assault and weapon use on a female Creighton University student in February 2017 .
Steve Lefler , Wheeler 's attorney , acknowledged that Wheeler slashed the woman 's neck with a knife . Lefler is seeking to include testimony regarding Phi Kappa Psi fraternity 's hazing practices to illustrate how hazing influenced his client 's actions .
Prosecutors have objected to the hazing defense , citing state law that says intoxication is n't a defense for criminal conduct .
Lefler argues that intoxication can be a defense if the defendant did n't voluntarily get drunk .
Fraternity officials have denied any wrongdoing .
Wheeler is scheduled to go on trial in April .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
It 's been a big year for women in the tech industry . On one hand , it 's easy to see the downside in widespread reports of sexual harassment and all-too-common stories about the gender pay gap . But the very fact that these pitfalls—which any woman technologist will tell you are anything but new — are finally making headlines shows how deeply women are changing the way tech businesses work .
But women ca n't just sit back and wait for a seat at the table . We need to be proactive advocates for our own advancement in the male-dominated world of startups and tech companies . After all , a lack of upward mobility is a major reason why women leave technology careers , and they leave the industry almost twice as quickly as men .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How You Handle Conflict Could Determine Your Salary 00:01:41
The National Center for Women and Information Technology tells us that women hold only 26 % of computing jobs in the United States ; the percentages for women of color do n't even crack double digits . And as we move up the chain of command , women 's representation drops from 27 % in entry-level positions to just 14 % in the executive suite .
So what can you do to make sure you 're not one of the statistics ? Here are three key tools to help you shatter that persistent glass ceiling .
1 . Get comfortable with being uncomfortable
If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you do n't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone . Whether your goal is to land an overdue promotion or expand your technical skills , embracing opportunity is part of the journey .
You ca n't be afraid to tackle new tasks or challenges . And you should n't let imperfect qualifications or a lack of experience prevent you from raising your hand . Remember that discomfort is often a good sign that you 're on the right track .
And do n't be scared to share your goals openly with your boss and your colleagues . Let people know what you want and need to be successful . Do n't keep your dreams to yourself .
2 . Find a mentor , then be a mentor
When you 're a woman in a male-dominated industry , it 's easy to imagine that your struggles are unique . But many others before you have gone through similar experiences . The trick is finding those people and allowing them to help boost your confidence .
If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you do n't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone . If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you do n't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone .
First , seek out other women technologists at your company , either within your department or on a wider scale . If your employer does n't offer an affinity group for women , consider working with management and human resources to create one . ( Remember , too , that many male allies are eager to provide guidance and support . ) When women see other women making strides toward their goals , they 're better able to believe in themselves . No matter whether you 're a recent graduate or a senior contributor , it 's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out .
And it 's equally important to pay it forward : If you 're in a leadership position — even an informal one — step up into a mentorship role . It sends a powerful message to all employees on the importance of gender diversity . And countless mentors have told me they get as much out of the relationship as they give , sharing career aspirations with the women they mentor , keeping a fresh perspective and encouraging one other to pursue new opportunities .
No matter whether you 're a recent graduate or a senior contributor , it 's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out . No matter whether you 're a recent graduate or a senior contributor , it 's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out .
3 . Keep moving forward
Once you 've started on your path , take active steps to keep the momentum going . Engaging with a community of like-minded people is one of the best ways for technologists to stay inspired and move past career roadblocks . Seek out technical women 's groups in your local area , or on the web . The Anita Borg Institute facilitates local communities in 20 major cities around the world , as well as the Systers network , where women discuss issues , explore technologies , and connect online . Other organizations , like Project Include and NCWIT , help teach companies best practices for increasing women 's participation in tech .
As computers and technology become even greater forces in our lives and in society , more and more organizations — even those that are n't traditionally “ tech companies ” — are hiring computer scientists , engineers and other STEM specialists . And , unsurprisingly , these same organizations are migrating toward tech-company cultural norms , too . So it 's critically important for women technologists to get out in front of this shift and stake our claims . Together we can work toward a future where the people who imagine and build technology better reflect the people and societies that use it .
Dr. Telle Whitney is the President and CEO of the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Computing . She cofounded the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing , and previously held senior technical management positions in the semiconductor industry . Whitney earned her Ph.D. in Computer Science from Caltech , and her bachelor 's degree at the University of Utah .
4 Things to Read Now
Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $ 1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday , having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016 .
Continue Reading Below
Bitcoin – a web-based “ cryptocurrency ” that has no central authority , relying instead on thousands of computers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the system – jumped 2.5 percent to $ 1,022 on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange , its highest since December 2013 .
Though the digital currency has historically been highly volatile – a tenfold increase in its value in two months in late 2013 took it to above $ 1,100 , before a hack on the Tokyo-based Mt . Gox exchange saw it plunge to under $ 400 in the following weeks – it has in the past two years been more stable .
Its biggest daily moves in 2016 were around 10 percent , still very volatile compared with fiat currencies , but markedly lower than the trading of 2013 , which saw daily price swings of as much as 40 percent .
Bitcoin may have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in China on the back of a 7 percent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016 , the Chinese currency 's weakest showing in over 20 years . Data shows most bitcoin trading is done in China .
Bitcoin is used to move money across the globe quickly and anonymously and does not fall under the purview of any authority , making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls , such as China 's .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
It is also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of cash , such as in India , where Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed high-denomination banknotes from circulation in November .
“ The growing war on cash , and capital controls , is making bitcoin look like a viable , if high risk , alternative , ” said Paul Gordon , a board member of the UK Digital Currency Association and co-founder of Quantave , a firm seeking to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency exchanges .
Though bitcoin is still some way off the all-time high of $ 1,163 that it reached on the Bitstamp exchange in late 2013 , there are now more bitcoins in circulation – 12.5 are added to the system every 10 minutes . Its total worth is at a record-high above $ 16 billion , putting its value at around the same as that of an average FTSE 100 company .
( Reporting by Jemima Kelly ; Editing by Peter Graff )
Share
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro ( Photo : Getty Images/Fedrico Parra )
The U.S. executive branch issued an executive order prohibiting the use or purchase of Venezuela 's Petro cryptocurrency , claiming the currency was issued unlawfully in an effort to circumvent U.S. sanctions against Venezuela , and in particular the President Nicolás Maduro 's regime .
“ All transactions related to , provision of financing for , and other dealings in , by a United States person or within the United States , any digital currency , digital coin , or digital token , that was issued by , for , or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9 , 2018 , are prohibited as of the effective date of this order , ” the executive order reads .
The ban comes after Maduro created the cryptocurrency in an effort to stem the tide of rapidly rising inflation . According to Bloomberg , the inflation rate will likely hit 13,000 percent by the end of 2018 . The destabilized economy has created a humanitarian disaster and the oil-backed cryptocurrency reportedly has n't helped matters — despite Maduro 's claims to the contrary .
“ President Maduro decimated the Venezuelan economy and spurred a humanitarian crisis . Instead of correcting course to avoid further catastrophe , the Maduro regime is attempting to circumvent sanctions through the Petro digital currency — a ploy that Venezuela 's democratically elected National Assembly has denounced and Treasury has cautioned U.S. persons to avoid , ” U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said .
Whether or not this will actually have an effect on cryptocurrency markets remains to be seen . Maduro claimed to have sold around $ 5 billion in Petro cryptocurrency , but it 's unclear if that is actually true , or if it was a statement made to drive up interest .
“ Since most cryptocurrencies are not actually backed by anything real , cryptocurrency speculation is based on the greater fool theory — I can buy this at $ 100 because there is someone who is a bigger idiot who is going to buy it at $ 200 . When you take the U.S. out of that equation , you reduce the interest and potential for that speculation , ” Russ Dallen of Caracas Capital told Bloomberg .
What does this all mean to you ? Well , as long as you do n't have any of Venezuela 's Petro in your portfolio , you do n't have anything to worry about . If you do , you might be stuck with it , because this executive order makes it very clear that any transaction involving Petro — even selling it as a result of this ban — is currently prohibited for U.S. citizens .
WELCH , Texas — Murissa Horton set her feet , steeled herself and was knocked to the court taking a charge from a barrel-chested teenage boy who outweighed her by more than 100 pounds .
The 5-foot-6 high school senior bounced back up , dusted herself off , adjusted her ponytail and got back to work .
Boys against girls is n't just something you see at practice for the Dawson Dragons . For one of the smallest high schools in Texas , injuries and dwindling enrolment forced the Dragons to consolidate the girls and boys basketball teams . The co-ed squad is playing a boys schedule , with Horton as a starter and one of the team 's best players .
“ That Horton girl can play , I would take her anytime , ” Sands coach Billy Grumbles said after his team beat Dawson 51-23 last month .
To understand this unusual situation requires a bit of history about this slice of West Texas .
Dawson is located in the town of Welch , population 222 and the kind of place where everyone knows your name and they probably know your mother , grandfather and some of your cousins , too . Tumbleweeds roll down main street , and Welch is surrounded by acres upon acres of cotton fields that are dotted with oil wells , pumping along and leaving a slightly sour smell in the air .
It 's a place so small that there is n't even a Dairy Queen , often a mainstay for hamlets in flyover states . There 's a lone convenience store and the main business in town is a cotton gin , Welch Cotton Inc . The gin is the lifeblood of Welch . It provides jobs , gives a boost to the economy and serves as a community outpost , a place where farmers and other townsfolk stop to catch up with one another and gossip about the local goings on .
In this town it 's impossible to ignore the sweeping presence of cotton . The grass along the highways has a white tinge because of a cotton candy-like coating of the fiber that escapes the gin as it separates seeds from the cotton . More of the delicate fiber floats through the air in gossamer-thin strings that make it seem like spiders have been working overtime spinning webs .
Glen Phipps owns Welch Cotton and is one of the school 's biggest supporters , donating money to various causes at Dawson and bankrolling a trip for all the school 's students to make the 63-mile trek to Lubbock to watch a Texas Tech basketball game .
His family has been part of the community for generations . He graduated from here in 1973 , his grandfather was on Dawson 's first school board and two other relatives currently serve on the board .
“ The school is so important to me , my family and our community in that the school brings everybody together , ” he said . “ The school is kind of that tie that binds , that makes it a community for everybody . ”
This town knows it can always count on cotton , but oil is much more fickle and a major contributor to the situation the basketball team is in . Just five years ago , property values in the district were more than $ 260 million . Last year , plummeting oil prices put the values at just $ 90 million and left Dawson , like all schools dependent on property taxes , scrambling for ways to remain open .
The uncertainty prompted the majority of Dawson 's 12-person junior class to transfer elsewhere last summer . That exodus combined with two Christmas break transfers left the school with just 18 students . They had seven boys to field their six-man football team this fall , but with a three-person eighth grade class , all girls , there wo n't be enough students to play football next season .
There may not be enough to put separate basketball teams on the court , either .
“ In the bigger schools , it 's next man up , ” said Jeff Fleenor , the principal and superintendent who has two daughters on the basketball team . “ Here there 's not that next man . ”
Dawson basketball teams played separately before the holiday break , but nagging injuries often left the five-girl team with just three healthy players . And after two of the seven members of the boys team returned to South Texas after their migrant-worker parents finished seasonal work , the school 's two coaches and Fleenor decided to meld the group into one team to guarantee a complete season .
The University Interscholastic League , which regulates public high school sports in Texas , approved the consolidation with the condition that the team play a boy 's schedule through the season .
“ The girls were in trouble , the boys were in trouble , ” coach Ed Robison said . “ It was n't that we saved the girls program or the boys , but we were able to help out both programs by combining . At least we have a stable team that will show up and be able to play every night . ”
No one can remember a time when teams were consolidated like this . But several coaches in the area recalled times where small schools had a single girl who mostly rode the bench on the boys team because there was n't a girls team .
The Dragons play in a gym that has just five rows of seats on the home side and three on the visitor 's . It 's the focal point of the one-building school that serves children from kindergarten to 12th grade . A painting of a large purple dragon in midflight dominates one wall and the words to the school song highlight another .
Those words paint a picture of the landscape the school calls home : “ In the midst of dark oil derricks , cotton fields in bloom , stands the best of royal high schools , Dawson here 's to you . ”
The 18-year-old Horton is expected to be the school 's valedictorian this year . She 's thoughtful and polite and exudes an eloquence of someone much older . She averaged almost 20 points for the girl 's team , but has had to adjust her game and become more of a facilitator now that she 's competing against boys .
It 's not an ideal situation for her and the other four girls on the team , but Horton focuses on the positives of the compromise .
“ We 're able to respect the opportunity more and we 're even more thankful for it , ” she said . “ Yeah , it can be kind of a curse in some ways but more than that it 's a blessing that we 've learned to handle adversity that nobody else could even imagine . ”
The girls say most of Dawson 's opponents have been respectful . There have been a few sexist comments , and Robison said he 's heard some of the boys from other teams saying things like : ‘ Hey , babe , what 's your number ? What 's going on ? ' ”
Horton tries to tune out those things and wishes it was n't an issue .
“ We 're not out here as girl basketball players , we 're just basketball players , ” she said . “ We want to play the game . We 're not asking you to play us differently . ”
The team has n't fared well since the consolidation , but did beat Loop 51-21 in mid-January for its first win as a co-ed squad to earn team of the week honours from a Lubbock television station . Coaches and players take great pride in that recognition . Though they often end up on the wrong end of lopsided games , the Dragons are improving and believe they 're gaining respect around the district .
“ It 's not like a side show , ” said coach Tonja Edens , the former girls coach who teams with Robison to lead the co-ed group . “ We 're out here competing . ”
Grumbles , the Sands coach , shared the message he had for his guys before they faced Dawson .
“ I told my team you 've got to play against them just like they 're boys because we 're playing a boys schedule , ” he said . “ You 're not playing against girls . You 've got to take them seriously . In this situation it does n't matter what gender they are , you have to play like it 's just another high school game . ”
Edens , who played college basketball at a Division III school , said there was some concern about the safety of the girls because of the size and strength of varsity boys . They asked each girl about the risks and all agreed it was worth it to salvage their season .
She 's to adjust her coaching style to accommodate the change .
“ You 're not going to get bigger than them or stronger than them , ” she said . “ So you 're going to have to get smarter . You need to stay on the ground . You need to block them out . ”
Donovan Thornton is the only senior boy on the team , now split evenly with five boys and five girls . The soft-spoken Thornton raves about the leadership Horton has provided and said some of the things he 's heard from opposing teams have ticked him off .
“ It does upset me because we came together just to play basketball , ” he said . “ We want to play basketball and the fact that people want to downgrade us , it 's not right . ”
Other than that , he 's been perfectly happy with this set up because it ensured that Dawson gets to play every game in his last season , which has only a few games left . He believes the group has merged well and said a sign hanging in the middle of the gym that read : “ Peanut Butter & Jelly ” is a representation of that fact .
“ It 's an analogy like the girls and boys go together like peanut butter and jelly go together on a sandwich , ” he said before flashing a big grin and trotting back to practice .
WARREN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A Warren family has been looking for their 22-year-old son since Monday — about 13 hours after his abandoned car was spotted in Niles .
The Sample family has no idea where Brandon is and reported him missing Monday night .
“ It 's been rough , ” said Kenneth Sample , Brandon 's dad .
Brandon 's mother , Stephanie , said they do n't know what to do . They 've been trying to get in touch with him but every time they call , they get a message that says the voicemail has not been set up .
“ This is not like him to be gone . Even if something happened to his phone , he would eventually contact us or something , ” Kenneth said .
Stephanie said Brandon never lets his phone run out of battery .
Kenneth last saw Brandon at their Warren home on Sunday night . Brandon told him he was going to drop his friend off at his house in Akron around 12:15 p.m .
At 4:30 Monday morning , Kenneth realized his car still was n't home so he reached out to Brandon .
“ I sent him a text . He 's like normal kids — they 'd rather text than talk on the phone , so I asked him , ‘ Where are you ? ' He said , ‘ On my way home . ' ”
But he never came home .
Three hours later , Niles police found the white Chevy Malibu in the woods off the bike path .
Warren Detective John Greaver said they found no evidence in the car that tells them who was in it or why it ended up there .
“ Nothing makes sense and we do n't know what to do . We do n't know what to do , ” Stephanie said .
The Samples said Brandon is dealing with depression and anxiety , in addition to a pain medication addiction — something he recently asked them for help to overcome .
“ We just keep hoping that he 's alive and , you know , for some reason , he is afraid or embarrassed…that he thinks he messed up or something , and he ca n't call us or come home because he thinks he screwed up , ” Kenneth said .
He insists that it does n't matter what Brandon did , if anything , and just wants him to come home .
Det . Greaver said they 're still treating Brandon 's disappearance as a missing persons case . If you have any information , please call the Warren Police Department at 330-394-2521 .
HILTON HEAD ISLAND , S.C. : Wesley Bryan rallied to win his home-state RBC Heritage for his first PGA Tour title , closing with a 4-under 67 on Sunday for a one-stroke victory over Luke Donald .
Bryan , a South Carolina native who played college golf for the Gamecocks , was four shots behind entering the day and moved into contention with four consecutive birdies on the front nine . He took the lead with a birdie on the 15th hole and finished at 13-under 271 .
Donald shot 68 in his latest close call at Harbor Town Golf Links — it was his fifth second-place finish here since 2009 .
The 27-year-old Bryan tapped in for par on the closing , 18th lighthouse hole to make the former trick-shot artist the first South Carolinian to win the state 's lone PGA Tour event .
Ollie Schniederjans , Patrick Cantlay and William McGirt tied for third , two strokes behind Bryan .
Schniederjans shot 68 , Cantlay 67 and McGirt 69 .
Bryan was largely known as a YouTube sensation , he and brother George IV , another Gamecocks golfer , pulling off often unbelieveable trick shots — like chipping the ball 20 yards to a waiting Bryan brother to belt away before it hits the ground .
There were no tricks to Wesley Bryan 's round this time , the first to win at Harbor Town in his first try since Boo Weekley won the first of his two straight RBC Heritages in 2007 .
Bryan got it going with his front-nine run , with birdies on the fourth , fifth , sixth and seven holes . After Bryan moved in front on the 15th , he sweated out three straight two-putt pars .
The 23-year-old Schniederjans , five shots behind when the round began , made it all up and was out front with five front-nine birdies . Competing for his first PGA Tour win at the tricky Pete Dye layout proved too daunting for the inexperienced Schniederjans . He missed makeable birdie tries on the 13th , 14th and 15th , then failed to get in for par after hitting into the bunker on the par-3 17th .
Donald appeared done after driving out of bounds on the second hole and leaving the birdie-able par-5 with a double-bogey seven . Then Donald , a modern-day Harbor master , made five birdies in a 10-hole stretch to tie for the top before Bryan moved in front
Dufner had hoped to channel Master winner Sergio Garcia 's approach of lowering expectations in the final round and let the talent shine through . Dufner was 14 under after a birdie on No . 2 , but bogeyed three of the next six holes to fall back . He scrapped back within a shot before his chances ended for good on the 13th hole .
Dufner 's approach landed in the bunker up against the wood facing and he had to chip sideways , remaining in the bunker , before blasting out and taking double bogey .
Dufner plopped his tee shot on the par-3 14th into the water and finished with a 5-over 76 — 12 shots more than his third-round 65 that put him in front through 54 holes .
Just like last week at the Masters , Matt Kuchar used a Sunday run to make a move up the leaderboard .
Kuchar had a 5-under 67 in the final round at Augusta National to finish fourth after starting the day six shots behind . At Harbor Town , Kuchar shot a 64 — the day 's best round — to improve 52 spots and tie for 11th .
HILTON HEAD ISLAND , S.C. : Wesley Bryan rallied to win his home-state RBC Heritage for his first PGA Tour title , closing with a 4-under 67 on Sunday for a one-stroke victory over Luke Donald .
Bryan , a South Carolina native who played college golf for the Gamecocks , was four shots behind entering the day and moved into contention with four consecutive birdies on the front nine . He took the lead with a birdie on the 15th hole and finished at 13-under 271 .
Donald shot 68 in his latest close call at Harbor Town Golf Links — it was his fifth second-place finish here since 2009 .
The 27-year-old Bryan tapped in for par on the closing , 18th lighthouse hole to make the former trick-shot artist the first South Carolinian to win the state 's lone PGA Tour event .
Ollie Schniederjans , Patrick Cantlay and William McGirt tied for third , two strokes behind Bryan .
Schniederjans shot 68 , Cantlay 67 and McGirt 69 .
Bryan was largely known as a YouTube sensation , he and brother George IV , another Gamecocks golfer , pulling off often unbelieveable trick shots — like chipping the ball 20 yards to a waiting Bryan brother to belt away before it hits the ground .
There were no tricks to Wesley Bryan 's round this time , the first to win at Harbor Town in his first try since Boo Weekley won the first of his two straight RBC Heritages in 2007 .
Bryan got it going with his front-nine run , with birdies on the fourth , fifth , sixth and seven holes . After Bryan moved in front on the 15th , he sweated out three straight two-putt pars .
The 23-year-old Schniederjans , five shots behind when the round began , made it all up and was out front with five front-nine birdies . Competing for his first PGA Tour win at the tricky Pete Dye layout proved too daunting for the inexperienced Schniederjans . He missed makeable birdie tries on the 13th , 14th and 15th , then failed to get in for par after hitting into the bunker on the par-3 17th .
Donald appeared done after driving out of bounds on the second hole and leaving the birdie-able par-5 with a double-bogey seven . Then Donald , a modern-day Harbor master , made five birdies in a 10-hole stretch to tie for the top before Bryan moved in front
Dufner had hoped to channel Master winner Sergio Garcia 's approach of lowering expectations in the final round and let the talent shine through . Dufner was 14 under after a birdie on No . 2 , but bogeyed three of the next six holes to fall back . He scrapped back within a shot before his chances ended for good on the 13th hole .
Dufner 's approach landed in the bunker up against the wood facing and he had to chip sideways , remaining in the bunker , before blasting out and taking double bogey .
Dufner plopped his tee shot on the par-3 14th into the water and finished with a 5-over 76 — 12 shots more than his third-round 65 that put him in front through 54 holes .
Just like last week at the Masters , Matt Kuchar used a Sunday run to make a move up the leaderboard .
Kuchar had a 5-under 67 in the final round at Augusta National to finish fourth after starting the day six shots behind . At Harbor Town , Kuchar shot a 64 — the day 's best round — to improve 52 spots and tie for 11th .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Clint Capela scored a career-high 28 points , James Harden had 26 points and 17 assists and the Houston Rockets beat the New Orleans Pelicans 130-123 on Monday night for their 10th straight victory .
The game was tied with about three minutes remaining after Harden made two free throws . Those were the first of seven straight points by Harden that put Houston up 124-119 with 1:30 left .
Jrue Holiday then scored for New Orleans , but Harden responded with a 3-pointer . Harden also made two free throws to make it 129-121 with 34 seconds left .
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans . E'Twaun Moore scored career-high 36 points and made six of New Orleans ' franchise-record 18 3-pointers .
BULLS 108 , CELTICS 85
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points , Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and Chicago rolled to its third straight win .
The last-place Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders . When Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth , Chicago pulled away for the runaway victory .
The Celtics played without star guard Kyrie Irving , who was sidelined by bruised left quadriceps .
Before Monday night , Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons . Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures he suffered in a fight at practice with Portis .
Al Horford scored 15 points for Boston .
HORNETS 116 , THUNDER 103
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Dwight Howard scored 23 points , leading Charlotte to the road win .
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets , who had lost seven of eight . Marvin Williams scored 18 , and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points .
It was Charlotte 's second road win of the season in 12 tries .
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion .
Charlotte shot 53 percent from the field against one of the league 's best defensive teams . The Bobcats made 13 of 25 3-point attempts .
HEAT 107 , GRIZZLIES 82
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) — Goran Dragic scored 19 points , leading the balanced Heat to the victory .
Miami shot 56.1 percent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win . Josh Richardson had 17 points , and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece .
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games . Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16 .
The Miami Trace Panthers ventured over into Highland County for a non-conference game against the Lynchburg-Clay Mustangs Saturday evening , Dec. 9 .
The Mustangs came away with a 66-56 victory .
The Panthers ' Darby Tyree and the Mustangs ' Eric McLaughlin shared game high-scoring honors , each with 25 points .
Tyree hit four three-point field goals and McLaughlin led the Mustangs with five treys .
McLaughlin was the game leader in rebounds with 14 .
Cameron Carter scored 14 for the Panthers and led the team with seven rebounds , six assists and four steals .
Raymond Connor scored 19 for the Mustangs , to go along with eight rebounds , and Damin Pierson scored 10 for L-C .
The Mustangs rolled out to a 21-9 first quarter lead .
The Panthers clawed their way back into the game , pulling to within five points at the half , 29-24 .
Miami Trace narrowed things down even further in the third quarter to where they trailed by only two points , 40-38 with eight minutes remaining .
However , in the fourth quarter , the Mustangs were able to reopen the margin , outscoring the Panthers by eight points for the 66-56 victory .
Taking a look at the shooting efficiency , Lynchburg-Clay went 25 of 47 from the floor for 53 percent to 21 of 60 shooting for 35 percent for Miami Trace .
The Panthers hit 9 of 32 shots from behind the three-point line for 28 percent ; the Mustangs were 6 of 16 from beyond the three-point arc for 37 percent .
Miami Trace was 5 of 8 from the free throw line for 62 percent and Lynchburg-Clay was 10 of 13 from the charity stripe for 76 percent .
The Panthers had 16 turnovers to 22 for the Mustangs .
Miami Trace ( now 1-3 overall , 0-1 in the Frontier Athletic Conference ) , return to FAC play Tuesday with a game at McClain High School against the Tigers .
SCORE BY QUARTERS
MT 9 15 14 18 — 56
LC 21 8 11 26 — 66
MIAMI TRACE — Darby Tyree 6 ( 4 ) -1-25 ; Cameron Carter 2 ( 2 ) -4-14 ; Austin Mathews 1 ( 1 ) -0-5 ; Austin Brown 2-0-4 ; Dakota Bolton 0 ( 1 ) -0-3 ; Brett Lewis 0 ( 1 ) -0-3 ; Heath Cockerill 1-0-2 . TOTALS — 12 ( 9 ) -5-56 . Free throw shooting : 5 of 8 for 63 percent . Three-point field goals : Tyree , 4 ; Carter , 2 ; Mathews , Bolton , Lewis . Combined field goal shooting : 21 of 60 for 35 percent . Three-point field goal shooting : 9 of 32 for 28 percent . Rebounds : 26 ( 12 offensive ) . Assists : 14 . Steals : 11 . Blocks : 1 . Turnovers : 16 . Personal fouls : 15 . Bench points : 8 . Second chance points : 9 . Points off turnovers : 21 .
LYNCHBURG-CLAY — Eric McLaughlin 3 ( 5 ) -4-25 ; Raymond Connor 9-1-19 ; Damin Pierson 3-4-10 ; Austin Hilt 1 ( 1 ) -1-6 ; Blake Croy 2-0-4 ; Quintin Smith 1-0-2 ; Noble Walker 0-0-0 ; Chris Young 0-0-0 . TOTALS — 19 ( 6 ) -10-66 . Free throw shooting : 10 of 13 for 76 percent . Three-point field goals : McLaughlin , 5 ; Hilt . Combined field goal shooting : 25 of 47 for 53 percent . Three-point field goal shooting : 6 of 16 for 37 percent . Rebounds : 33 ( 6 offensive ) . Assists : 13 . Steals : 10 . Blocks : 1 . Turnovers : 22 . Personal fouls : 10 . Bench points : 10 . Second chance points : 6 . Points off turnovers : 15 .
Munster Rugby are back in pre-season training this week . The best thing about a new season ? The new kit .
The province has released a video on its YouTube channel , showcasing their new training kit , with Ian Keatley the star of the show .
For more Limerick Leader Sport click here .
YORK , Pa. — A man who called police on a group of black women golfers accused of playing too slowly at a Pennsylvania golf club denied to dispatchers that he was acting out of racism .
In one of two recordings of calls to police posted by the York Daily Record , the caller says the group was “ holding everybody up ” and one of the women had accused the Grandview Golf Club of racism . He said no weapons were involved “ other than her mouth . ”
The golf club in York apologized following the April 21 incident . The women were club members and described the experience as demeaning and discriminatory .
JEDDAH : The Hajj Security Forces , which are assigned to regulate the entry of pilgrims into Makkah and the holy sites , have turned away more than 95,000 people for failing to carry authorized Hajj permits .
The commander of the Hajj Security Forces , Gen. Khalid Al-Harbi , said 95,400 people who tried to enter Makkah from different parts of the Kingdom were turned away during the period between July 20-Aug. 12 .
He said the authorities will not tolerate anyone disturbing the Hajj atmosphere or violating its regulations .
Those coming without Hajj permits and those who transport unauthorized Hajjis will be strictly dealt with and referred to the appropriate authorities for the prescribed penalties , he said .
He added the security forces will track down violators , even inside the holy sites , through random fingerprint checks , in addition to security precautions at the entrances of Makkah and roads leading to holy sites , and through surveillance cameras deployed at the entrances of the holy sites .
Al-Harbi stressed the importance of cooperation between citizens , residents and security authorities to provide a suitable atmosphere for legitimate pilgrims . He urged all those wanting to perform Hajj to comply with the regulations , including obtaining Hajj permits .
JEDDAH : The Hajj Security Forces , which are assigned to regulate the entry of pilgrims into Makkah and the holy sites , have turned away more than 95,000 people for failing to carry authorized Hajj permits .
The commander of the Hajj Security Forces , Gen. Khalid Al-Harbi , said 95,400 people who tried to enter Makkah from different parts of the Kingdom were turned away during the period between July 20-Aug. 12 .
He said the authorities will not tolerate anyone disturbing the Hajj atmosphere or violating its regulations .
Those coming without Hajj permits and those who transport unauthorized Hajjis will be strictly dealt with and referred to the appropriate authorities for the prescribed penalties , he said .
He added the security forces will track down violators , even inside the holy sites , through random fingerprint checks , in addition to security precautions at the entrances of Makkah and roads leading to holy sites , and through surveillance cameras deployed at the entrances of the holy sites .
Al-Harbi stressed the importance of cooperation between citizens , residents and security authorities to provide a suitable atmosphere for legitimate pilgrims . He urged all those wanting to perform Hajj to comply with the regulations , including obtaining Hajj permits .
Gleevec , the daily pill that turned a killer type of leukemia into a manageable disease , may also help slow the worsening of diabetes , researchers reported Monday .
In a follow up to a 2008 study in which diabetic mice were cured by the drug , a team reports “ modest ” effects in adults with type-1 diabetes . This is the type of diabetes often called juvenile diabetes and it 's caused when the immune system mistakenly destroys insulin-producing cells called beta cells .
A mans finger is pricked to test cholesterol and blood sugar on August 13 , 2009 in Newark , New Jersey . Rick Gershon / Getty Images
Tests done in 67 adults with type-1 diabetes showed the drug appeared to boost their body 's own production of insulin , Dr. Stephen Gitelman of the University of California San Francisco School of Medicine told a meeting of the American Diabetes Association .
“ On average the people that got the medicine used less insulin , ” Gitelman told NBC News .
He stressed that it is a small trial meant to show the drug can safely do in people what it did in mice .
“ We just wanted to get a sense if this showed some benefit in adults so we could get to the target population in kids , ” Gitelman said .
“ The conservative estimate is that beta cell function was maybe 19 percent better at one year . So it 's not a slam-dunk home run . ”
The team will have to get Food and Drug Administration permission to test the drug in children .
About 5 percent of the 29 million Americans with diabetes have Type-1 diabetes .
It 's an autoimmune disease , caused when the body mistakenly destroys pancreatic cells that produce hormones like insulin and glucagon that control blood sugar . High glucose levels damage tiny blood vessels , which in turn can lead to blindness , heart disease , stroke and kidney failure . People can lose toes , feet or legs to amputation .
Related : Gleevec Keeps Cancer Patients Alive More Than a Decade Later
When levels fall too low , patients can pass out and sometimes die .
There 's no cure and the only treatment is to keep blood sugar under tight control with diet and insulin .
Most people with type-1 diabetes must constantly check their blood sugar throughout the day , administering insulin according to what they are eating and how much they are exercising .
If those dying pancreatic cells could be saved , they might have to do this less often .
“ That would be one potential pathway -- to use the drug to try to get in as early as possible when there are still as many beta cells remaining as possible and to slow down progression and potentially even keep people off insulin , ” said Andy Rakeman , director of discovery research at JDRF , the diabetes research charity that funded the study .
“ It 's estimated that people at the time they are diagnosed with type 1 diabetes that they have anywhere between 10 and 15 or maybe even 40 percent of their beta cells still remaining , ” Rakeman added .
“ Some people maintain beta cell function for years . We used to think all or nearly all of the beta cells are destroyed very rapidly . ”
“ This definitely does not show that Gleevec is curing type 1 diabetes . ”
The organization is paying for research looking at several ways to preserve these cells . Gleevec would be a good candidate because it 's been around for nearly 20 years and while it causes side-effects such as a vomiting and rash , they are usually not severe in the diabetes patients .
“ It 's taking an old drug and repurposing it for a new use , ” Rakeman said .
Gleevec , known generically as imatinib , and Sutent , known generically as sunitinib , interfere with an enzyme called tyrosine kinase . In patients with cancers such as chronic myelogenous leukemia , cutting back on this enzyme stops the cancer .
Related : 'Bionic Pancreas ' Astonishes Researchers
Cancer patients who also had autoimmune diseases who took Gleevec and Sutent reported that the drugs also appeared to ease the symptoms of the other conditions . That 's when a team at UCSF started testing Gleevec in mice bred to develop diabetes .
Gitelman says his team believes Gleevec may be taking some of the pressure off the pancreatic beta cells .
He is a little worried his study may be misunderstood . The team just finished the research last week and they 've rushed to put together a quick presentation to the Diabetes Association meeting . It will be weeks before they can analyze the data and put it into a form that can be reviewed by other experts in a medical journal .
“ It 's early and the message could be misconstrued , ” Gitelman said .
“ This definitely does not show that Gleevec is curing type 1 diabetes , ” Rakeman stressed .
Related : FDA Approves First Artificial Pancreas
Plus , Gleevec is expensive .
It costs more than $ 140,000 a year , according to Dr. Hagop Kantarjian of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center , one of the original Gleevec trial leaders . A generic version , however , costs $ 400 in India .
Tonto Dikeh , Jon Ogah set for Abuja All White Pool Party – The Eagle Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The company will also pay $ 7.8 million to settle the Android-related complaint
Google will pay 438 million rubles ( US $ 7.8 million ) and will stop requiring its apps be preloaded on Android smartphones in Russia , in an antitrust settlement with the country'sÂ Federal Antimonopoly Service .
The settlement , announced Monday , ends a nearly two-year investigation by FAS into Google 's control of the Android operating system . FAS had accused Google of abusing its monopoly position in mobile app stores serving the Android operating system . The fine amounts to 9 percent of Google 's revenue in Russia in 2014 , plus inflation , according to TASS .
Russian search engine provider Yandex filed the original complaint against Google .
Google representatives did n't immediately respond to requests for comments on the settlement .
Under the settlement , Google can not stop smartphone makers from pre-installing competing search engine apps on their devices . For smartphones already sold to Russian residents , Google will develop a pop-up window in the Chrome browser that allows users to change their default browser , FAS said .
Google will also develop a new widget for Chrome that will allow buyers of new devices to choose their default search engine , FAS said .
`` Implementation of the settlement 's terms will be an effective means to secure competition between developers of mobile applications , '' Â Igor Artemiev , head of the FAS , said in a statement . `` We managed to find a balance between the necessity to develop the Android ecosystem and interests of third-party developers for promoting their mobile applications and services on Android-based devices . ''
WATFORD , Ont . — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during her swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown .
Horwath 's bus , dubbed the “ Proletariat Chariot ” by media riding on it for the campaign , experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford , Ont .
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin .
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem .
“ I 'm going to check the engine , ” Horwath said , walking off the bus to assess the situation .
“ Time for a # FanbeltChange4TheBetter , ” she tweeted a short time later .
Horwath 's communications team said the breakdown was proof their campaign is “ hot . ”
Wakefield Council has pledged to increase the number of its social workers after a shocking Ofsted letter revealed that vulnerable children were being put at risk due to failings in its services .
The education watchdog said there were “ significant weaknesses ” in the quality of the authority 's services for children , with delays in allocating cases and seeing and assessing children at risk of harm , after a visit in February .
It said social workers with high caseloads did not have the capacity to meet the needs of children and families .
The council has drawn up an improvement plan of immediate actions for the next six months , pledging to ensure all children 's social care cases are allocated , increase the number of social workers , and make sure no young person leaving care is placed in B & B accommodation , among other actions .
A ‘ transformation plan ' to be delivered over 18 months , is also being developed .
The plan says : “ Services for children in Wakefield are on a journey to improve . We want to ensure we provide good services and high quality practice . ”
It was published today as part of the agenda report for the authority 's children , young people and skills overview and scrutiny committee meeting , to be held next Wednesday .
The plan follows comments from council leader Coun Peter Box , who admitted in April that the authority 's previous plan to improve services was not “ sufficiently robust ” .
The scrutiny committee will hear from new corporate director for children and young people Beate Wagner , who was appointed in March .
She is expected to tell members about the council 's current position and its future plans for improvement in children 's services .
The meeting will also hear from Coun Lorna Malkin , the chair of a new ‘ Corporate Parent Committee ' .
According to the agenda report , the new committee will provide councillors with information on issues for children in care , supporting them to fulfil their role as ‘ corporate parents ' for looked after youngsters .
Image caption The majority of the estate had already been bulldozed , but Michael Crossman 's block of flats and those nearby were left standing
Demolition work has resumed at a Tyneside housing estate after being halted for several months as the final resident refused to leave his home of almost 50 years .
Bulldozers moved on to Gateshead 's Clasper Village Estate in early 2015 .
However , work came to a standstill last year with Michael Crossman declining offers from the local authority for his two-bedroom flat .
Gateshead Council said Mr Crossman left his property in December .
He had lived on the estate 's Palmerston Walk since 1970 with his late wife and had been the sole remaining resident on the estate for at least six months .
Image caption Mr Crossman rejected initial offers from the council
On announcing its plan for the site in 2011 , the council said it would be cheaper to build new social housing rather than refurbish the existing flats and tackle anti-social behaviour .
'Good memories '
Speaking to the BBC in July 2017 , Mr Crossman said : `` There are so many good memories of me and my wife 's marriage .
`` We never had an argument in our whole marriage . ''
Mr Crossman was described by local media as the `` last man standing '' .
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
NASCAR has officially announced the 20 drivers who are eligible to take part in the Cup Series ' season-opening Advance Auto Parts Clash at Daytona International Speedway .
The 75-lap exhibition event is set for 3 p.m . ET on Sunday , Feb. 11 , the same day as qualifying for the Feb. 18 Daytona 500 .
The race will be divided into two segments . A competition caution on Lap 25 will divide them .
Drivers become eligible for the Clash by winning a pole the previous season , being a Daytona 500 pole-winner who competed full-time the previous season or being a playoff driver the previous season .
Here are the eligible drivers .
2017 Coors Light Pole Award Winners ( 14 )
Former Daytona 500 Coors Light Pole Award Winners ( 3 )
2017 Playoff Drivers ( 3 )
Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Matt Kenseth are not expected to compete in the race . Earnhardt retired from Cup competition following the 2017 season and Kenseth does n't have a ride for the 2018 season .
Danica Patrick , the 2013 Daytona 500 pole-sitter , announced last month she was done as a full-time driver but that she planned to race in the Daytona 500 . No definitive team plans have been announced for her .
( AP Photo/John Locher , file ) . FILE-In this Oct. 16 , 2017 , file photo , ,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas . The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas . Two ...
( Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP , File ) . FILE - This October , 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen P ...
By JACQUES BILLEAUD
Associated Press
CHANDLER , Ariz. ( AP ) - An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said Friday that his one-time customer was well-dressed , polite and did n't raise suspicions that he was planning any crimes .
Douglas Haig , a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years , said he met Stephen Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people and injured hundreds more .
He did n't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking , so Paddock contacted him a few days later and lined up a sale at Haig 's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa . Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct .
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded . It 's unknown whether the ammunition he sold to Paddock was used in the attack .
`` I had no contribution to what Paddock did , '' Haig said , adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition Paddock bought . `` I had no way to see into his mind . ''
Haig held a news conference Friday in what his lawyer said was a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a `` person of interest '' in the investigation . Haig 's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents .
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that investigators do n't believe Haig committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock . The official was n't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock launched the attack on a music festival below .
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale .
Haig said Paddock told him that `` he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show , either with or for his friends . I ca n't remember whether he used the word 'with ' or 'for . ' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends . ''
He said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released . Still , Haig , who has closed his ammunition business , said he does n't expect to take any legal action as a result of his name being publicly revealed .
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives declined to comment Friday on whether Haig is still considered a person of interest or whether he is believed to have had any knowledge beforehand of the attack .
The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office in Nevada did n't immediately respond to emails seeking comment .
___
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report .
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . His work can be found at https : //www.apnews.com/search/jacques % 20billeaud .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud has indicated he will push for a move in the January transfer window in order to boost his playing time ahead of next summer 's World Cup .
Giroud is not a regular starter for the Gunners and is concerned that his lack of games could put his place in France coach Didier Deschamps ' team in jeopardy , particularly given that compatriot Alexandre Lacazette in ahead of him in Arsene Wenger 's pecking order .
He told L'Equipe : “ I have the World Cup at the back of my mind weekly , almost daily . Each time I go onto the pitch , it 's to be more clinical and keep on track for the World Cup . ”
Asked about the prospect of leaving the Emirates Stadium , he revealed that Deschamps had advised him not to leave .
He continued : “ During international get-togethers , the coach usually warns me against that .
“ He has told me the things he wanted to tell me , which is totally logical and I understand . He wants me to play more .
“ If I was n't able to leave this summer , it was because of the opportunities I had .
“ It would n't have been good to leave for leaving 's sake , but it 's certain that eventually , even in January , I 'm going to have to ask myself the question again .
“ It wo n't be easy to find the right solution and take the right decision , but we 'll look at the opportunities . ”
Giroud was close to joining Everton during the summer transfer window and has also been linked with a move to West Ham United .
Despite Giroud 's comments , Wenger insists the 31-year-old is an important part of his squad and will not be sold .
Speaking after the former Montpellier man scored the equaliser against Southampton last weekend , the Arsenal boss said : “ He will start more games .
“ I believe as well it 's always the same when you have many good players , some of them can not play . The question you get is always why does the guy who is good not play ?
“ Because if you take him on you have another guy who is good who will not play , it is as simple as that . ”
He added : “ Why should we lose an important player ? ”
YORK , Pa. — The Latest on a Pennsylvania golf club calling police on five black women members over slow play ( all times local ) :
2:45p.m .
A Pennsylvania golf club that called police on a group of black women golfers is defending itself days after apologizing , saying it typically requests slow players to leave the course .
In a second statement issued after the Saturday incident , Grandview Golf Club in York says members usually leave after the request .
It says the women refused to leave , so the club called police “ to ensure an amicable result . ”
On Sunday , the club co-owner said she called all five women to apologize .
The women say a man whose son co-owns the club told them they were n't keeping up with the pace of play . The man , a club co-owner and other white male employees later told them they needed to leave .
One woman , Sandra Thompson , posted video on Facebook of the encounter .
——
11:50 a.m .
One of five black women golfers who say they were told to leave a Pennsylvania club says it felt like they were “ playing with targets on our backs . ”
Sandra Harrison says representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly .
After the ninth hole , an hour and a half later , she says they were told they took too long a break and needed to leave .
She says she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment .
The club called police on the two women who remained . No charges were filed .
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to “ sincerely apologize . ”
Harrison says she 's still traumatized and hurt .
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) — The Milwaukee city attorney 's office will prosecute Democratic state Sen. Lena Taylor for disorderly conduct .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
The funds raised benefit more than 8,200 Special Olympics Minnesota athletes as they train , compete and transform themselves , their communities and the world .
The Alexandria plunge will be held Sunday , Feb. 26 , at 1 p.m. at Arrowwood Resort and Conference Center , 2100 Arrowwood Lane NW , Alexandria . Day of the plunge check-in will take place from 10:30 a.m. to 12:45 p.m. at the plunge site .
In 2016 , more than 290 brave souls took the plunge in Alexandria and raised approximately $ 75,000 in support of Special Olympics Minnesota .
Plungers can register online at plungemn.org and may plunge as individuals or in teams . They are also encouraged to wear unique and outrageous costumes on plunge day .
Participants should ask family and friends to pledge to their plunge . Each participant must raise a minimum of $ 75 . They must bring pledges to the plunge . Shoes and towels are also required .
For more information or to register , visit plungemn.org or email plunge @ somn.org .
Protecting Your Reputation When You 're Ready to Go A top manager is preparing to leave an organization she set on a good course . What if her successors foul things up and blame her ? Image Credit Glenn Harvey
Send your workplace conundrums to workologist @ nytimes.com , including your name and contact information ( even if you want it withheld ) . The Workologist is a guy with well-intentioned opinions , not a professional career adviser . Letters may be edited .
I 'm the founding director of a nonprofit that works with local government on legal policy matters . Everyone on my small staff is competent , but all are tied in to political forces in the region . My board of directors is packed with elected officials , as well as a couple of community members . The political influence causes a lot of dysfunction , and I 'm happily on my way to another position in a different field . The agency has successfully grown under my direction , but I 'm worried that my colleagues will not keep the place functioning smoothly — and that their poor performance will somehow be blamed on me . Is there a checklist or some sort of parting document I can prepare to protect my reputation ? LIZ
Here 's one ( admittedly rude ) thought : Get over yourself . That 's a churlish thing to say , but I mean it in the most reassuring way possible . We 've all had the feeling that our workplace would completely crumble in our absence . It 's rarely true . So at least consider the possibility that the organization will muddle along happily without you .
More seriously , the best thing you can do is worry less about your reputation than about the organization itself .
“ When I think of making a checklist , ” says Rebecca Zucker , a partner in the leadership development firm Next Step Partners , “ I think , ‘ What do I need to make sure is in place before I leave ? ' ”
Make sure you 're giving your people the information and guidance you believe they need — and responding to whatever they believe they need . In short , leave the agency “ in a good position to continue on the trajectory that you 've set it on , ” Ms. Zucker adds .
Even if they louse things up anyway , it 's time to move on . “ There is no protecting yourself against blame once you leave a company , ” says Camille Fournier , author of “ The Manager 's Path ” and a managing director at Two Sigmas , an investment firm . Accept that this is true , she adds , even if you organize a masterful transition .
Given your exposure to the political world , you already know that it 's routine to attribute whatever goes wrong to whoever is not around to offer a defense . You also know that such finger-pointing is hardly definitive .
“ If you leave on healthy terms with the leadership team that remains and you leave people who respected you and enjoyed working for you , ” Ms. Fournier says , “ your reputation will be O.K . ”
This is also a reminder , she adds , to maintain a network of peers outside your company . “ They can both advise you on the process , ” she says , “ and hear your side of the story , which provides a degree of reputation protection . ”
Beyond that , embrace the fact that it 's time to stop worrying about what may happen at the organization you 've left . Focus on the one where you have some control over what happens next — and on what that can do for your reputation .
Image Credit Gracia Lam
Wishing to Work Remotely
I started a new job about five months back . I like the company , the work and my colleagues . The managers appreciate my skills , and there is opportunity for growth . The problem is that I moved to a new city for the job — a city that , it turns out , I dislike . Mostly that has to do with the weather . This has led me to decide that I should move away before next winter . Ideally , I 'd like to work remotely for my current employer , but there is no culture of remote work in the company . The other option is to find a new employer , and I am thinking of starting to look for a new job in a few months . Should I ask my employer about the possibility of remote work before I start looking for a new job , or should I find a new job before trying to negotiate for remote work ? ANONYMOUS
Think about the outcome you most want to avoid . You ask whether your current employer might let you work from Honolulu ( or wherever ) , because you 're planning to move . But the answer is no — and you have n't lined up anything else . Awkward .
Once you announce you 're moving , even a supportive manager may ( understandably ) start focusing on how to replace you . So at least explore the job market in your city of choice before bringing your plans to management 's attention . Get a strong sense of what your options are — and consider pursuing some of them as a reality check .
If there 's a manager at your current company who you think would be particularly sympathetic , float the remote-work possibility , emphasizing how much you appreciate your job . Think this through : Address practical logistics and make a case that working far from the office would work out well for everybody . But be ready to adjust quickly if the answer is a stern no .
If there is n't a sympathetic-seeming manager , it might be wise to try to land an offer elsewhere before you raise the subject . Even if it 's not useful as a bargaining chip , it will give you a place to go if your negotiations at your current company just do n't work out .
A South Beach club that was shut down after someone rode a horse into the place will get to reopen —with some conditions .
An agreement on Monday between the city of Miami Beach and the club , and approved by a special master , gives Mokai permission to reopen . City Manager Jimmy Morales pulled its license earlier this month after the horse incident was captured on video and posted online .
Before the reopening , a few requirements :
▪ No more animals in the club . Except for service animals .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
▪ A $ 12,500 payment in code violations .
▪ And a $ 10,000 contribution to a horse farm . Peaceful Ridge Rescue for Horses will be getting the money .
The city plans to lift Mokai 's ban on Wednesday .
Mokai , 235 23rd St. , got its business license yanked after the city cited animal cruelty laws and a threat to public safety .
“ I was disgusted and offended that any legitimate businessperson would think this was an appropriate action to take , ” Morales said at the time .
Said Mayor Dan Gelber earlier this month : “ What kind of idiot would do something like this to an animal and endanger people 's lives at that club ? ”
The video showed a woman in a bikini riding bareback on a white horse through the packed club . The unhappy animal dropped to the ground and threw the woman off as clubgoers screamed .
The Whiteoak Wildcats hosted the Lynchburg-Clay Mustangs in an SHAC matchup on Friday night .
Both teams started the night cold offensively . Despite a size disadvantage , the Wildcats were able to capitalize on offensive rebounds to remain close with the score 11-10 heading to the second .
The Mustangs were able to mount an 11-2 run to begin the second quarter to lead by as many as 12 . When the Mustangs Eric McLaughlin picked up his second foul and was forced to sit , however , the Wildcats were able to mount a run of their own to head to the locker room down 31-27 .
Defense was the theme of the third quarter with neither team able to take an advantage . Again , the Wildcats were able to take advantage of McLaughlin 's foul trouble taking a 40-39 to close the third .
The defensive trend continued into the fourth with neither team gaining any sort of advantage . Several ties and lead changes later , Whiteoak senior Trever Yeager was able to hit an enormous three with three minutes remaining in the game to give the Wildcats a five point lead .
The Mustangs were n't finished yet . McLaughlin hit two threes in the final minute to tie the game at 54 . After two free throws made by Yeager , the Mustangs had one last shot with 4.6 seconds remaining . Damin Pierson got a good look but his game winning three-point attempt clanked off the rim giving the Wildcats a 56-54 win on senior night .
( Box Score )
Whiteoak : 10-17-13-16
Lynchburg-Clay : 11-20-8-15
Whiteoak : T. Yeager 6 ( 1 ) -3/4-18 ; Rand 3-5/7-11 ; Hamilton 3-2/3-8 ; Ross 3-2/4-8 ; Crowe 1 ( 1 ) -2/4-7 ; B. Yeager 1-2 ; Skinner 1-2
Totals : 18 ( 2 ) -14/22-56
Lynchburg-Clay : McLaughlin 3 ( 3 ) -5/8-20 ; Walker 1 ( 3 ) -2/2-13 ; Pierson 3-3/6-9 ; Hilt 2-0/2-4 ; Young ( 1 ) -3 ; Conner 1-2
Totals : 10 ( 7 ) -10/20-54
Spencer Michael is a stringer for The Times-Gazette .
Interrogating Bayelsa 's Education Tax Law
For many in Bayelsa , the support shown towards the newly introduced Education Tax law is unprecedented . OSA OKHOMINA examines the issues and benefits of the law and the scepticism by opposition in the state .
Unlike its predecessors , the Bayelsa State Governor , Hon Seriake Dickson has left no one in doubt of his readiness to ensure that every child in the state have access to every form of education despite the huge capital demand of such venture .
Already , the search for education excellence for the children of the state has led to a whooping N50 billion investment in infrastructure and provisions of resources in the primary , secondary and higher education sector of the economy .
Dickson , who is known to be infectious with his dreams and aspirations , have also convinced the people of the state , including the political class led by the State House of Assembly of his vigour to pursue the realisation of academic excellence for the children of the state .
In his quest , the governor signed two new bills into law , aimed at consolidating the achievements his administration has made in the education sector in the last five years .
At the signing ceremony , he said the two bills ; The Bayelsa State Higher Education Student Loan Bill 2017 and the Bayelsa Education Development Trust Fund Bill 2017 are very critical in providing sustainable development for the state 's education .
According to him , the bills became necessary because of the urgent need to develop human capacity in the state , which he said , is a compelling need in order to secure the future of children and youths .
“ Whereas ‎we have been making critical investment in the last five years in education but it is from today that we will be building on the foundation of sustainability . How all the schools we have built and are building will be sustained , how the legacy of investment in human capacity will be maintained in the years to come . ”
While thanking members of the House of Assembly for considering the bills expedient , Dickson announced that his government has spent almost N50 billion in the development of educational infrastructure and decried the previous decay in the sector as a result of the long years of neglect .
He stressed that any serious government must take issues of security and education very serious for rapid development and called on all those who earn salaries in the state to avail themselves the opportunity of contributing to the Education Trust Fund which‎ is now compulsory by reason of the new law .
“ By the provisions of this law , everyone who is working and earning salary , doing business or involved in contracts in the state is liable to pay the education development levy . ”
The governor who announced the appointment of renowned educationist and former Minister of‎ Science and Technology , Prof. Turner Isoun to head the trust fund , pleaded with the organised labour in the state not to allow themselves to be used to unduly politicize the new law , as it affects in one way or the other , everyone desirous of quality education for their children or wards .
Governor Dickson added that with the new model schools , the ongoing constituency secondary schools and the delightful Ijaw National Academy as well as other educational interventions , Bayelsa State is blazing the trail in the nation 's education sector and poised to maintain a pole position .
He canvassed the support of the people of the state to enable his administration provide quality education , particularly , for the less privileged children , saying that the time has come for the state to take up the challenge of reversing the trend , where youths engage in unproductive activities that could truncate their future .
While highlighting his administration 's achievements in the sector , he noted that the recent educational development laws were a culmination of the substantial investments and legacies in education .
Providing some insight into the educational policies of his administration , the governor stated that the Educational Development Trust Fund is expected to receive between N100 and N250 million monthly , while that of the Higher Education Students Loan would be solely funded by the government .
He re-emphasized that it was mandatory for workers in the public service , government officials , including the private sector to contribute to the fund , as the beneficiaries are the children of the average Bayelsan .
“ All the things we have laboured to do are only foundations for you people as future generations to build upon . You never can tell among you , those to become governors , deputy governors , senators and so on . So clearly the future of this state is in your hands ” .
At another forum with students in the state , the Bayelsa Stae governor , said “ Let me use this opportunity again to call on every Bayelsan to gear up for the new Bayelsa , the new Bayelsa of enlightenment , the new Bayelsa where we want to move away from crime , criminality , cultisim and other social vices , the new Bayelsa where we want to lead the way as far as educational opportunities and development are concerned in this country . ”
He stated that with the massive investment the restoration government has made in the education sector in the last five years and the sincere commitment to sustain it , there is no doubt that Bayelsa now has a strong educational foundation that is a reference point across the country .
In his remarks , the president of National Union Bayelsa Students worldwide , Comrade Ozu Fredrick Important , had told the governor of their total support for the two education laws which were recently passed into law , especially the Education Trust Fund Law .
The NUBSS president , while drumming support for the laws , expressed optimism that it would take education to the next level in the state and called on all students and parents to support it just as he also appreciated the governor for his massive support to students in the state .
He said , “ We want to use this medium to tell our parents , businessmen , corporate bodies and everyone that as students we are in support of the two bills that have been signed into law ” .
Governor Dickson over the weekend , who justified the need for institutionalizing the two educational development laws , said they would assist in building a crop of highly skilled and educated Bayelsa youths , to meet the challenges of a competitive and industrialised world now and in the future .
In its show of solidarity and in answer to the clarion call of the state governor , the Bayelsa State House of Assembly declared it 's commitment to the enforcement and development of a Bayelsan child through compulsory education bill .
The leadership of the Bayelsa Assembly , at a one-day public hearing in Yenagoa , in collaboration with the state 's Ministry of Education , International Federation of Female Lawyers ( FIDA ) , and other corporate organisations , stated that the public hearing was important because it would mandate the traditional ruler , parents and guidance to avoid the use of their children for commercial purposes
The chairman , House Committee on Education , Hon Gentle Emelah , while declaring the public hearing open , said that , “ Bayelsa State has been education , education , education . We are here to look at the bill that will affect our children 's lives , the future of Bayelsa and project the state in a better light .
“ We believe that we should come together and look at the issues down the line . As we agree , we will be in a better position to drive the whole process . Education makes it easier to lead people . When people are educated , when you talk to them they will understand better . It takes a long time to convince an illiterate on what to do . The essence is to see how we can make the bill a better one , and collectively make Bayelsa a better state ” .
But , a Niger Delta-based civil society organization , Patriotic Citizens of Nigeria ( PACON ) has demanded for the dissolution of the State Scholarship Board , citing incompetence and dereliction of duty resulting in the abandoning of scholarship students in foreign universities by the board , as reasons .
The petition , which was dated June 5 , 2017 , and signed by the conveners of PACON , Ebikebuna Aluzu and Debekeme Powedei , was addressed to the chairman , House Committee on Education and copies sent to the Speaker and the commissioner for Education .
It alleged that the scholarship board misappropriated over N300 million released by the state government in 2013 for payment of bursary allowances to students of Bayelsa State origin in higher institutions of learning .
The group stated that the board failed to discharge its responsibility after making thousands of students to undergo an excruciating process of registering online for the bursary payment .
Part of the statement read , “ We write to intimate you of the perilous state of students of Bayelsa extraction on foreign scholarship who have been exposed to the insensitivity and incompetence of the Bayelsa State Scholarship Board ” , PACON said .
It listed the plight of 11 students ( seven of which are in their final year ) at King 's University College , Aplaku Hills , Ghana , and another final year student at Knurst University College , who were barred from writing their second semester examinations in May due to the failure of the board to pay their outstanding fees , as some of the instances of the board 's incompetence .
The human rights group urged the House of Assembly to compel the scholarship board to provide a detailed account of monies it had received for scholarship and bursary payments , number of beneficiaries and those who have not been paid any stipends and other entitlements since 2013 .
“ It is unfair to expend tax payers money on incompetent employees ; the attitude of the board is portraying the state in a bad light , ” PACON stated .
The post Interrogating Bayelsa 's Education Tax Law appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sony has been a surprisingly developer-friendly Android phone maker , with its Open Devices program giving anyone the opportunity to build and flash custom versions of the OS firmware on its devices . A few days ago Sony published the relevant binaries for the latest AOSP version of Android 8.0 Oreo for a number of its phones , and now it 's added two newer Xperia models .
The XZ1 and XZ1 Compact were launched at the end of August at IFA 2017 in Berlin . They 're essentially the same as predecessors the XZ and X Compact on the outside , with updated internals such as the Snapdragon 835 . Both phones ship with Oreo , so it 's no surprise to see them added to the Open Devices program now it 's also offering the newest flavor of Android .
To get involved with the open source community for the devices , head over to the respective GitHub projects for the XZ1 and XZ1 Compact . Before you get started , you might want to read Sony 's Android Oreo build guides . It 's worth reiterating this stuff is strictly for developers , who can find other interesting Sony open source projects here .
If you have a Sony device and you 're wondering if it 's going to be updated to Oreo , take a look at this handy list .
PARIS — Neymar scored his 18th league goal in as many games as French leader Paris Saint-Germain won at Lille 3-0 to stay 11 points clear at the top on Saturday .
Left back Yuri Berchiche put PSG ahead on the stroke of halftime , Neymar scored in the 78th minute and midfielder Giovani Lo Celso completed a comfortable win late on .
Neymar was involved in the opening goal , too .
He whipped a cross for Edinson Cavani and defender Junior Alonso went to contest the ball with Cavani near the penalty spot . But Alonso inadvertently knocked it into the path of Berchiche , who struck home a low shot for his second goal of the season .
Neymar caressed a free kick into the top left corner , via the post , and Lo Celso grabbed his first for PSG with a super chipped effort from the left of the penalty area into the right corner .
In Saturday 's later games , sixth-place Nice hosted Toulouse .
Marseille beat Metz 6-3 at home with in-form winger Florian Thauvin netting a hat trick .
Third-place Lyon , which is three points behind Marseille , travels to play fourth-place Monaco on Sunday .
Salman Khan at the launch of Dus Ka Dum was quoted saying , “ In 2008 , when the show ( Dus Ka Dum ) came to me , I had a very negative image in public . And I was indeed scared to show my original personality . But then I made my debut and from then I have realised that it is the most powerful medium . ”
Salman Khan has been entertaining the Bollywood fraternity as well as small screen for over two decades . Be it his Friday blockbusters or Bigg Boss , no other actor can fit in so easily , the way our Bhai can . Superstar Salman Khan was at the launch of Dus Ka Dum when he was quoted saying , “ In 2008 , when the show ( Dus Ka Dum ) came to me , I had a very negative image in public . And I was indeed scared to show my original personality . But then I made my debut and from then I have realised that it is the most powerful medium . ”
He further added , “ I was scared and so I asked my father ( Salim Khan ) whether I should do it because there will be the common man . I was scared of being me and who I am . He told me , ‘ who do you want to be then ? If people accept you , it 's good , if not , you will need to change yourself . ' That 's when I decided to do this show . ”
“ I was accepted on the big screen but then there are so many factors that makes it look great and likable . Here I was on a platform with no dialogues and only interacting with common people . I was anxious if they would like my real personality . I was a bundle of nerves when the show launched , ” said Hum Dil Chuke Sanam actor .
When asked what makes a common man connect to him , the Race 3 star smiled and said , “ I have no idea and I do n't want to find out , because if I do find out , I will overdo it , and that will not work for me anymore . The way I am , I just like to be the way I am and keep it at that . ”
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan , who is busy promoting his upcoming film Race 3 , on Tuesday shared posted a picture of Race 3 co-star Daisy Shah aerial trapeze stunt from the music video of a Selfish song from the film . “ Daisy . hows d aerial view of Ladakh ! enjoying kiya ? Best of luck , ” Salman captioned the picture . Daisy has performed some breathtaking aerial trapeze stunts in the much-loved song from the action-thriller . The two have earlier worked together in blockbuster film Jai Ho .
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
Target is recalling more than half a million Easter toys over concerns that , if ingested , they could block a child 's stomach and only be removed via surgery .
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a `` Fast Track Recall '' Wednesday for 560,000 water-absorbent `` Hatch and Grow Easter Eggs , '' sold at Target stores nationwide in February and March of this year for around a dollar each .
Target has recalled its line of Hatch & Grow Easter toys , including dino eggs , bunnies , chicks , and butterflies . CPSC
According to the recall , `` If the small toy is ingested , it can expand inside a child 's body and cause intestinal obstructions , resulting in severe discomfort , vomiting , dehydration , and could be life threatening . Surgery is required to remove the toy from the body . ''
The notice also pointed out that medical professionals and parents `` should be aware that there is a possibility that the toys might not show up on an x-ray . ''
Consumers who purchased one of the items should immediately return it to any Target store for a full refund , call Target 's customer service number at 800-440-0680 , or check the website for more details .
Milwaukee Bucks guard Malcolm Brogdon will be sidelined for up to eight weeks with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon .
Brogdon suffered the injury during the second quarter of the Bucks ' 108-89 loss at Minnesota on Thursday night . The reigning Rookie of the Year went down after a dunk and needed to be helped off the floor .
The Bucks said in a statement Friday they learned the extent of Brogdon 's injury after he underwent an MRI and an examination by the team 's doctor .
Bucks forward D.J . Wilson said he had feared that Brogdon 's injury was even worse .
“ Finding out that he 's going to be out for a couple of months kind of shocked me . Shocked all of us , ” Wilson said . “ Six to eight weeks is a long time , but not as long as it could have been . ”
Brogdon has played in 46 games this season and is averaging 13.3 points , 3.3 rebounds and 3.2 assists per game . He and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar are the only Bucks players to win the league 's top rookie honours .
“ It 's unfortunate that he got hurt . We understand that it 's part of the game , ” Bucks coach Joe Prunty said . “ He 's tough-minded and he will battle through this . ”
——
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Mr. Tom Fitzsimmons , Commissioner for the Wyoming Oil & Gas Conservation Commission , will join us on Tuesday , April 18 at noon in the Lanier Auditorium where he will discuss `` Regulating the Oil & Gas Industry in 2017 '' Food will be served !
Posted :
4/17/2017
Originator :
Erica Lux
Email :
erica.lux @ ttu.edu
Department :
School of Law
Event Information
Time : 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
Event Date : 4/18/2017
Location :
TTU School of Law , Lanier Auditorium
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Lectures & Seminars
“ I have nothing to wear ” is every modern woman 's favorite say every morning ! Do you find yourself looking at your big full closet with frustration , because you do n't have an easy outfit to throw on when you 're running late ? Well calm down , you have enough clothes , you just need to know these easy fashion tips that will save you when you 're running late , let 's see…
1 . When in doubt wear an all black outfit . Neutral colors in general like , black , white and beige are an easy choice .
2 . Wear a basic white t-shirt and flat shoes with a chic pantsuit .
3 . A dress and sneakers are always an easy choice for the days where you do n't feel like mixing and matching .
4 . Trick them with a white shirt and sexy heels . This fashion trick is awesome , because it 's effortless and chic .
5 . Oversized denim jackets always save the day . Especially if you think that your outfit is dull , they always take your style to the next level .
6 . Wear the same shirt you wore yesterday in unrecognizable way , backwards maybe ?
7 . Throw on a colorful summer/winter coat , preferable pink , because pink is the most loved color this year and besides , it 's so pretty .
8 . Go for the monochrome style , it 's always an effortlessly winner look .
9 . Crown your basics with a floral bomber jacket .
10 . Take their attention away with a graphic t-shirt .
11 . Look like you exerted effort while you actually just threw on culotte pants .
12 . Embellish your outfit with dozens of pins and brooches .
13 . Make your jeans look chic and hip at the same time by wearing fishnet tights under your ripped jeans . Now you have a new jean and a new outfit .
14 . Divert their attention away from an outfit you wore many times with statement earrings and cool accessories like chokers .
15 . No time to wear anything but yesterday 's outfit , no problem , shawls are here to save the day .
About The Author
I am a Web Blogger Working for my Latest Websites and share my work to others to help for getting Full Version Free Software without any difficulty : )
London ( CNA ) Veteran Taiwanese tennis star Hsieh Su-wei ( 謝淑薇 ) won her match in the first round of the women 's singles at Wimbledon Tuesday .
Hsieh , who is 48th in the world rankings defeated the tournament 's 30th seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-3 , in a match that lasted two hours and six minutes .
They previously faced off in the first round at Wimbledon in 2016 when Hsieh lost to Pavlyuchenkova 5-7 , 6-1 , 1-6 .
The Taiwanese player will next play world No . 88 , Spain 's Lara Arruabarrena , who defeated Ana Bogdan of Romania 6-1 , 3-6 , 8-6 , also in two hours and six minutes .
Wimbledon 2018 kicked off on July 2 and will run through July 15 .
( By Tai Ya-chen and William Yen )
Enditem/AW
At this rate , it wo n't be long before someone comes up with a parody version of “ 12 Days of Christmas ” for Kyle Busch .
A little more than a third of the way through the Cup season , Busch is accumulating quite a list to count down . Consider :
Seven top-10s finishes .
A six-word press conference .
Five top-five finishes .
Four-race suspensions ( for his crew chief , rear tire changer and rear tire carrier ) .
Three races lost ( in the final 10 laps ) .
Two catchphrases ( “ Everything is great '' and “ I 'm not surprised about anything . '' )
And a memorable mic drop … or punch thrown … or bloody forehead … or commitment line violation … or All-Star win .
The former champion has packed more into 14 races than some drivers do in a year . Or two .
Despite the hurdles , Busch is fourth in the points heading into this weekend 's race at Michigan International Speedway . Of concern , though , is that Busch 's woes have left him with only four playoff points . Nine drivers have more playoff points — earned through stage wins or race victories — than Busch .
While Busch was challenged to make the Chase after missing the first 11 races of the 2015 season , he went on to win the title . The challenge this year is different .
This is n't about his body healing but his mind .
What 's happened to Busch this season can only add to the frustration from last year . He 's gone 30 races since his last Cup victory . For a driver who knows how close he is to 200 total wins in Cup , Xfinity and the Camping World Truck Series ( he 's at 173 ) , a winless drought of more than 10 months in Cup can be aggravating .
It 's not just him . His three Joe Gibbs Racing teammates also have yet to win a point race this season . Busch has been close with multiple near-misses and leading 703 laps , second only to Martin Truex Jr. ( 876 laps led ) .
Many in the sport say momentum can play a key role in a team 's success . Strong runs can prove uplifting to team members and carry them and their driver through the tasks they face . Poor or frustrating results can wear on a driver and team .
That 's the challenge for Busch and his team in what has been a season full of lowlights and soundbites of frustration .
It started in the Daytona 500 when a tire issue caused Busch to spin and collect Dale Earnhardt Jr. , Erik Jones , Matt Kenseth and Ty Dillon .
“ Obviously , Goodyear tires just are n't very good at holding air , '' Busch told Fox .
Two weeks later , Busch was in a bigger controversy . A last-lap duel with Joey Logano led to contact that spun Busch and cost him a top-five spot ( he finished 22nd ) . Afterward , Busch walked up pit road to Logano and immediately swung at his competitor . Busch missed . In the ensuing melee , he fell to the ground and cut his forehead . With blood trickling down his forehead , he was led away .
“ I got dumped , ” Busch told Fox . “ Flat out wrecked me . That 's how Joey races . He 's going to get it . ”
The following week , Logano made Busch miserable again , but in a more indirect way . Logano blew a tire and crashed to bring out the final caution with Busch leading . Busch gave up the lead to pit for two tires . Ryan Newman stayed out , inherited the lead and held it the final six laps .
It was one of three times that Busch has lost the lead in the final 10 laps . He lost the lead on the last lap at Talladega and watched Ricky Stenhouse Jr. celebrate his first career Cup win . Busch lost the lead with 10 laps to go to Ryan Blaney last weekend at Pocono . Blaney went on to score his first career Cup series win .
Busch finished second in the Coca-Cola 600 but walked away upset with that result . Austin Dillon scored his first career Cup victory , winning on a fuel gamble . A frustrated Busch performed his now-famous mic drop in the media center after that race .
“ Different people show their emotions in different way , '' Busch said five days later at Dover . “ Unfortunately for me , mine has never been very gracious , and I do n't know if it will ever be . ''
Busch won the pole at Dover but saw his race change dramatically on Lap 18 of the 400-lap race . The jackman dropped the jack , signaling Busch to exit his pit stall , but the left rear wheel had not been attached . Busch sped away and the tire rolled off . The Cup Rule Book states that a wheel coming off a car is a four-race suspension for the crew chief , along with the tire changer and tire carrier responsible . They 'll be able to return for the July 8 race at Kentucky Speedway .
Other issues include his runner-up finish at Martinsville after he lost a duel with Brad Keselowski . Earlier in that race , Stenhouse moved Busch out of the way on the final lap of the second stage . Busch moved up the track , allowing Chase Elliott to slip by to win the stage and the playoff point .
Richmond also was frustrating for Busch . Running second , Busch followed Logano on to pit road on Lap 378 of the 400-lap race . Logano turned late on to pit road and just crossed the commitment line . Busch followed but his right side tires ran over the orange box at the end of the commitment line . The rule states that a driver must have all four tires below the box . NASCAR penalized Busch , who had to start at the tail end of the field . Instead of vying for the win , he finished 16th .
In this season of chaos , Busch did win but it does n't count as an official victory since the All-Star Race is a non-points event .
“ Hopefully this is a little bit of momentum , a little bit of wind in our sails , something we can build on , '' crew chief Adam Stevens said at the time .
The only thing they 've been able to build on the past two races is disappointment . The question is how much longer will it last ?
Follow @ dustinlong and on Facebook
John Terry will leave Aston Villa after just one season after they were unable to gain promotion from the Championship , the club has confirmed .
In an unexpected discovery that shifts how scientists think about the early days of the universe , astronomers have detected a supermassive black hole that they say is the most distant ever observed .
The colossal black hole is so far away that light from the quasar in which it is located was emitted just 690 million years after the Big Bang , which took place 13.8 billion years ago . Quasars are star-like celestial objects made up of a supermassive black hole and surrounding gas , which shines with incredible brilliance as it falls into the black hole .
The newfound object certainly lives up to the supermassive moniker ; it 's about 800 million times as massive as the sun . In comparison , the supermassive black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy , Sagittarius A * , is about 4.6 million times as massive as the sun .
That stupendous size has astronomers scratching their heads .
“ Now that we are seeing it , we have to explain it , ” Dr. Eduardo Banados , an astrophysicist with the Carnegie Institution for Science in Pasadena , California , and the lead author of a paper about the discovery , told the Los Angeles Times . “ And that is a big challenge for theorists right now . ”
The paper was published online Dec. 6 , 2017 in the journal Nature .
Larger supermassive black holes have been discovered , Dr. Robert Simcoe , a professor at MIT 's Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research and co-author of the paper , told NBC News MACH in an email . “ What 's unprecedented is the combination of large size so early in the history of the universe . ”
Although we 've been hearing about WhatsApp Business forever , the service was officially announced one month ago and if you paid close attention to the FAQ page , you would have seen a survey where you could sign up to test WhatsApp Business . I totally missed that , but reader Hüseyin Filiz applied and thanks to him , we have our first look at WhatsApp Business .
The service is still in testing , so WhatsApp is asking for feedback from early testers regarding account setup , data migration from their existing WhatsApp app , automatic responses , and analytics .
Managing Personal and Business accounts
The app will be a standalone listing on the Play Store so it will make things easier for account managers who want to separate between their personal and business conversations . WhatsApp explains how to manage these two accounts depending on a few scenarios . If you 're a small business and you 're intrigued about how things will work , I suggest you read the details in the slide below .
The most intriguing to me is landline phone number support . As far as I can tell , WhatsApp does n't support that now , so it 's amazing to see it coming . Many of my patients/customers want to reach me over WhatsApp and so far I 've had to give them my personal mobile number . It may be a hassle to migrate those back to the landline number , but at least I can give new customers the landline number and avoid them messaging me on my personal number .
The ability to install both apps simultaneously should be very welcome to small business owners like me who have often received work notifications at night , or who are always at a loss of what to do when friends rain on them with messages during work hours or when clients ping them continuously during closing hours . Having the personal and business chats separate in two apps should reduce the headache of all that management .
Android app
The Android app can be found on the Play Store at this link . You likely wo n't be able to see it because you need to be a Beta tester and that is still a private beta testing program . It has the same icon as WhatsApp , but the phone icon is replaced by a big letter B - check the image at the top of this post to see it .
Once downloaded , the app looks the same as WhatsApp , save for one change : the title bar says WhatsApp Business . There are tabs for your camera ( and thus the fancy image status ) , chats , status , and calls . It 's all standard fare . The changes will start appearing when you head into Settings . There you 'll find two new sections for Business settings and Statistics .
Statistics is pretty basic right now . You get the total of messages sent , delivered , read , and received . It 's not the kind of `` analytics '' I would have expected in a Business messaging app , but this is probably just the start . More stats should hopefully come soon to help you understand engagement from your customers , your responsiveness to messages , and other important metrics for businesses . As for Business settings , they have two main sections now : your profile and away messages . We 'll explore each separately below .
Your business profile
The main page of your business profile has an expanding profile picture , your business ' name , a Verified/Unverified status badge , and any other data you 've entered . This is basically what customers will see when they add you and try to contact you .
Tap the pencil icon on the top right and you can change any of those details . This includes adding a location , categories/tags , a description of your business , an email address , and one or many website addresses you want to point people toward .
Categories are actually quite extensive so technically you should find something to describe your business . If not , there 's the ever-present Other to pick .
Away Messages
Away messages are automated responses that your customers will get when they try reaching you and you 're not available . You can set them to on , off , or on a schedule .
The message can be personalized to include any text you want ( + emoji ! ) . As for scheduling , it 's quite rudimentary now . You can set a start and end date and time , but I hope that gets improved . Recurrent options like every day or every Saturday and Sunday for example should be possible , that way you do n't have to manually turn it on every night or every weekend .
And that 's what we 've discovered so far that 's different between WhatsApp Business and the regular app . For the most part , the rest of the app is unchanged , but there could be more hidden features for businesses only when you start a chat or get notifications for example .
From the customer 's side
When your customers add your phone business ' number and try to reach it , they will see a yellow briefing for end-to-end encryption ( happens with regular personal chats too ) as well as a pop-up and yellow briefing that they 're talking to a business account and it has/has n't been verified yet . If they check your profile , they 'll see all the details you 've manually applied in your business profile : image , verification status , location , category , email address , web address , and so on .
So what do you think ? Maybe WhatsApp Business is n't something many of you will use , but if you live in a country where everything happens on WhatsApp , you 'll definitely come across businesses who use it at some point and you probably have thoughts about how they should/should n't handle this transition to a Business account .
As a small business owner , I like what I see . I was pleasantly surprised by the landline support addition and the well thought multiple account management possibilities , but I 'm expecting better analytics , better away scheduling , and more useful features in the future .
You ca n't download WhatsApp Business right now ( and neither can we ) but you can sign up to test it here . Once you do , and if you 're lucky enough to be accepted in the test , you should find the app on the Play Store at this address .
Rob Kearney admitted Ireland rode their luck in beating France in their opening game of the Six Nations courtesy of Johnny Sexton 's late drop goal and paid tribute to the composure of his team-mate .
Sexton 's remarkable kick from 42 metres after time helped Joe Schmidt 's side to a 15-13 victory in Paris .
Trailing 13-12 thanks to a Teddy Thomas try , Ireland kept their heads through 41 phases of play in order to open up a window for Sexton .
And the out-half , who scored all of Ireland 's points on the night , duly obliged from just inside the France half to earn Ireland the win
`` It 's quite incredible really . We probably got out of jail a little bit , '' Kearney said afterwards .
`` I thought it ( the drop goal ) was a little short ''
`` To build that amount of phases , to keep the ball - the conditions are awful - and then the stones on Johnny at the end was incredible .
`` I thought it ( the drop goal ) was a little short . It went in slow motion and it just crept over .
`` We knew it was the last play . He ran off celebrating and we all went along . It was unbelievably special . ''
Match-winner Sexton said : `` I 'm just happy I got another chance . In the last moment something caught my eye and just happy to get another chance to get victory for the boys .
`` We 've worked so hard for the last two weeks and it 's great to be in the position we are now after an away win . ''
When asked what he thought of before kicking the winning goal , the fly-half said : `` I went back to many years ago when we played Treviso away and I was in an almost identical position and just flashed back to that . Just got there in the end . ''
Two persons have been crushed to death at Suhum -Adonkwanta , a community along the Suhum to Koforidua road .
The deceased persons , Michael Ohene Asare,9 , and Emmanuel Kankam Manteyaw , a 27 year old level 200 distance Education student of University of Education , Winneba .
One other person identified as Giovanni , is in critical condition at the Suhum government hospital .
Kasapa News Eastern Regional Correspondent , Kojo Ansah who visited the community Thursday reports that , the deceased persons and the victim were sitting behind an Indomie fast food vendor at the roadside around 9:30 to 10pm when the Unregistered Toyota Camry heading towards Suhum veered off its lane and ran into them killing two persons at the spot , injuring one person while three others escaped death .
The driver of the vehicle , a rastaman fled into the bush after the accident . The bodies of the deceased have been deposited at the Suhum Morgue .
Some residents in Suhum-Adonkwanta community tell Kasapa News , this is the third time similar incident has happened .
According to them , about two years ago four persons were crashed to death at Akote , a nearby community but the Police failed to prosecute the culprit , and have therefore warned to take the law into their own hands if similar botched investigation is conducted on this accident .
Manchester United have completed the signing of goalkeeper Lee Grant from Stoke City for a reported fee of £1.5million .
Grant , 35 , is expected to serve as United 's number three behind David de Gea and Sergio Romero after agreeing a two-year contract .
United sold Sam Johnstone to West Brom in a deal worth around £6.5m earlier on Tuesday , while Portugal youth international Joel Pereira is set to be loaned out for the 2018-19 season .
`` Moving to Manchester United has been a dream of mine for as long as I can remember , '' Grant told his new club 's website after United and Stoke confirmed the deal .
`` This was an opportunity that I could n't let pass and I 'm thrilled to become a part of such a historic club .
`` I 've enjoyed every moment of my career so far and I 'm now ready to continue learning and improving alongside some of the best players in the game . But at the same time , I intend to use my experience to help the team whenever possible .
`` I want to say a huge thank you to those close to me who have supported me along my journey so far . I 'm looking forward to meeting my team-mates and giving everything possible for the club in the upcoming season . ''
Former Derby County , Sheffield Wednesday and Burnley keeper Grant spent two seasons with Stoke and was named their Player of the Year in 2016-17 , when he stepped in for the injured Jack Butland .
In a statement , Stoke said : `` The club would like to place on record our thanks to Lee and wish him all the best for the future . ''
BROOKINGS , S.D . — Taryn Christion threw two scoring passes to Jake Wieneke and both ran for another touchdown , Cade Johnson returned a kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown and fifth-seeded South Dakota State whipped New Hampshire 56-14 on Saturday in the FCS quarterfinals .
The Jackrabbits ( 11-2 ) play at defending champion and top-seeded James Madison , winner of 25 straight , next weekend .
Christion , Wieneke and Isaac Wallace each ran for a score in the first quarter as South Dakota State bolted to a 21-0 lead . Wieneke scored untouched from 48 yards on a reverse around the right side .
Christion found Wieneke for a 32-yard touchdown to make it 28-0 at the half .
Wallace added a 48-yard TD run late in the third quarter before the Wildcats ( 9-5 ) got on the board with a 75-yard scoring play , Trevor Knight hooking up with Kieran Presley . However , Johnson quickly wiped that out with his return .
South Dakota State finished with 451 yards of offence with Wieneke having the big day with nine catches for 140 yards for his first 100-yard game of the season and 24th of his career .
Knight passed for 236 yards but was intercepted twice . Presley had seven catches for 133 yards .
According to Wilson County Emergency Management Agency director Joey Cooper , the wreck happened at about 7 a.m. , and crews estimated the road would be closed until about noon .
Four vehicles were involved in the wreck , including the tractor-trailer . Two people were taken to Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon with non life-threatening injuries .
The tractor-trailer was hauled off by a wrecker service at 11:30 a.m. , and the road was reopened .
Metropolitan Police in London say they 're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London .
Metropolitan Police in London say they 're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London .
The Latest : Management says too early to say cause of fire
The Latest : Management says too early to say cause of fire
By GREGORY KATZ and DANICA KIRKAAssociated Press
LONDON ( AP ) - They banged on Windows , screamed for help , dropped children from smoky floors in a desperate attempt to save them . Terrified residents of the Grenfell Tower said there was little warning of the inferno that engulfed their high-rise apartment building and left 12 people dead - a toll that officials said would almost certainly rise .
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London 's North Kensington district also injured 79 others , 18 of them critically , and left an unknown number missing . A tenants ' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire .
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and were still finding pockets of fire inside later in the day . A huge plume of smoke wafted across the London skyline and left a burned-out hulk in the working class , multi-ethnic neighborhood .
`` In my 29 years of being a firefighter , I have never , ever seen anything of this scale , '' Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said .
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower . After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon , Cmdr . Stuart Cundy said that `` we believe this number will sadly increase . ''
Crews rescued a total of 65 people , said Steve Apter , the fire brigade 's director of safety and assurance .
Prime Minister Theresa May 's office said she was `` deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life '' in the fire . Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment blocks around the British capital .
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes .
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire . Some initially feared it was terrorism-related , although authorities have not suggested that terrorism was involved .
`` The flames , I have never seen anything like it . It just reminded me of 9/11 , '' said Muna Ali , 45 . `` The fire started on the upper floors . ... Oh my goodness , it spread so quickly . It had completely spread within half an hour . ''
Samira Lamrani said she saw a woman drop a baby from a window on the ninth or 10th floor to people on the sidewalk .
`` People were starting to appear at the windows , frantically banging and screaming , '' Lamrani told Britain 's Press Association news agency .
When the woman indicated she was going to drop the infant , `` a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby , '' she added .
Joe Walsh , 58 , said he saw someone toss two children out a window on the fifth or sixth floor . Tiago Etienne , 17 , said he saw about three children between the ages of 4 and 8 being dropped from around the 15th floor . There was no word on their fate .
Other residents told harrowing tales of their own escapes and frustration at not being able to help neighbors .
Ruks Mamudu , 69 , said she ran to safety down one flight of stairs to the ground floor from her apartment wearing only her purple pajamas and bathrobe . She and her grandson sat outside the building , helplessly watching those trapped on higher floors .
`` I sat there watching my house burn down and watching people cry for help who could n't come down , '' Mamudu said .
Nassima Boutrig , who lives across from the building , said she was awakened by sirens and smoke so thick that it filled her home as well .
`` We saw the people screaming , '' she said . `` A lot of people said , 'Help ! Help ! Help ! ' The fire brigade could only help downstairs . ... They could n't stop the fire . ''
Resident Hamid Wahbi said that as he fled through the smoke , he asked about a neighbor 's father but was told he was still inside .
`` We tried to go back , but it was all black , so I had to come out of the building , '' Wahbi added .
There was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze , but the Grenfell Action Group has been warning about the risk of fire at Grenfell Tower since 2013 .
Edward Daffarn , who lived on the 16th floor , said the building 's fire alarm did n't ring . He said residents had complained for years to Kensington and Chelsea Council about the building 's safety , to no avail .
`` I 'm lucky to be alive . A neighbor 's smoke alarm went off and another neighbor phoned and told me to get out , '' Daffarn said . `` I consider this mass murder . ''
The Action Group expressed concerns about the testing and maintenance of firefighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site . In a blog on Nov. 20 , the activist group predicted that only `` a catastrophic event '' leading to `` serious loss of life '' would bring the outside scrutiny needed to make conditions safe for residents .
`` All our warnings fell on deaf ears and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable , '' the group said after the fire broke out .
The Kensington and Chelsea Council , which oversees the area where the fire occurred , said in a statement its immediate focus was helping victims and their families . It said the cause of the blaze would be `` fully investigated . ''
Built in the 1970s , the housing block was recently upgraded at a cost of 10 million pounds ( $ 12.8 million ) , with work finishing in May 2016 , according to the local council . Rydon , the British company that did the refurbishing , said in a statement that its work `` met all required building control , fire regulation and health and safety standards . ''
Britain 's government ordered checks at tower blocks going through similar refurbishment amid concerns that renovations at the Grenfell Tower contributed to the spread of the blaze . It was not immediately known if the building had a sprinkler system .
Authorities will `` seek to identify towers that might have a similar process of refurbishment , run a system of checks so that we can , as quickly as possible , give reassurance to people , '' said Policing and Fire Minister Nick Hurd .
The Grenfell tenants ' organization 's newsletter instructs residents to stay put in a fire unless the blaze is inside their own apartment or in their hallway - the same guidance used in multistory hotels and other high-rise buildings . The tenants ' organization 's July 2014 newsletter said Grenfell `` was designed according to rigorous fire safety standards . ''
___
Associated Press writers Cara Rubinsky , Sylvia Hui and Ben Jary contributed to this report .
___
This story has been corrected to show that the building has 24 floors , not 27 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Why it matters to you Proof , as if it were needed , that we always need to be vigilant about phone thieves
Thieves , by definition , are unpleasant people ; but some just take being scumbags to a whole new level , as proven by this story from Manchester in the United Kingdom . Even if you 're vigilant and protective of your shiny new smartphone — in this case a lovely Google Pixel XL — there 's nothing much you can do if someone wants to take it when you 're in the middle of an asthma attack . Yes , really .
18-year old Evie Merrygold was feeling short of breath at a nightclub in Manchester , and left the building to get some fresh air . However , she left her inhaler inside and subsequently collapsed own the ground as she tried to catch her breath . Merrygold estimates she was unconscious for five minutes , before waking to find a man next to her .
More : Beware of phone thieves on scooters
He told her he was about to call an ambulance , and picked up her phone . Except he did n't call anyone . Instead , he stole the phone and walked away . A tweet from the Greater Manchester City Centre Police confirms the story , and calls the crime — in a typically understated British fashion — “ pretty low. ” Merrygold 's quoted as saying , “ I just ca n't find the words for how that feels . It 's the fact he said he was going to help me and then just went off with my phone . ”
Pretty low . Woman on floor having asthma attack Deansgate Locks ; man picks up her phone & says he will call ambulance but makes off with it — GMP City Centre ( @ GMPCityCentre ) February 11 , 2017
She recovered from the asthma attack , and was n't hurt in the incident , but does wonder if the thief followed her from the club in the first place . Her friends found her a short while later , and although they searched for the phone , it was n't found . She later canceled her phone contract , but the thief had already made calls on the stolen device .
Normally , at this point we offer advice on keeping your phone safe , or activating a service like Find My iPhone , in stories like this . They all still apply , but it 's pretty much impossible to do anything about an unexpected asthma attack , and any opportunistic thief who happens to be nearby .
Image copyright Getty Images
There are calls for safer and better connected cycle routes in Wales to encourage more people to take up cycling .
New figures showed just 5 % of adults cycle for active travel at least once or twice a week compared with 61 % of adults who walk .
Sustrans Cymru said safety concerns deter people from cycling , and routes `` need to be attractive and connected '' .
The Welsh Government said active travel was being built into many projects .
The figures , published by the Welsh Government , were collected through the National Survey during 2016-17 .
Active travel is measured as walking for at least five minutes or cycling to get to a particular destination .
The statistics also showed 3 % of adults cycled at least three times a week for active travel a week but the numbers who walk that frequently is much higher at 47 % .
Natasha Withey , from Sustrans Cymru , said the `` significantly lower '' proportion of people who cycle could be due to `` a number of factors '' .
`` We know that safety is often a concern that deters people from choosing to cycle , '' she said .
`` Our Bike Life study in 2015 revealed 82 % of residents in Cardiff alone wanted better safety in order to get them cycling . Better safety requires more investment .
`` To encourage more people out of their cars and using bikes for local journeys , people expressed a need for more protected bike lanes and traffic-free routes .
`` Cycle routes need to be attractive and connected ; transporting people safely from their homes to popular places of interest , work and education . ''
Image copyright Sustrans Cymru Image caption Better walking and cycling networks around Wales were promised under the Active Travel Bill
In 2013 , the Active Travel Bill was introduced to encourage more people to walk or cycle rather than using a car .
And Cardiff is aiming to become one of the UK 's leading cycling cities by 2026 .
A Welsh Government spokesman said the `` pioneering '' bill had `` received international praise '' and would have `` a real and lasting impact on encouraging and facilitating active travel '' .
He added : `` Many schemes across Wales have already benefited , with active travel now built into projects so that it 's a regular part of new developments as opposed to being treated as an additional consideration or cost .
`` Designated cycle lanes , increased bicycle storage and better integrated routes all form part of this vision and , alongside our continued efforts to promote the benefits of both cycling and walking , will help put in place the infrastructure for active travel to be increasingly considered as reliable and regular modes of transport . ''
Sustrans has previously highlighted that employees could save up to £1,000 a year by not driving to work .
Virginia 's Kyle Guy , center , passes the ball around Matthew Moyer , left , and Oshae Brissett , right , in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in Syracuse , N.Y. , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 . Virginia won 59-44 . Nick Lisi AP Photo
Video
Thirteen truckers parked under an overpass after a man threatened to jump to his death from above . The man was eventually talked out of a jump and was taken to hospital .
JEFFERSONVILLE , IN ( WAVE ) - Twenty-seven cases of Hepatitis A have been identified in Clark County since December .
Clark County Health Department spokesman Dr. Eric Yazel said its spread is far from over .
There is no treatment for Hepatitis A , Yazel said , so prevention is key . He said he recommends regular handwashing with soap and hot water for around 30 seconds , careful food preparation and use of care and protection when coming into contact with bodily fluids .
It can take two to four weeks for the symptoms of Hepatitis A to show up , Yazel said , meaning you may have spread it before you realize you have it . Even when symptoms do show up , it can be difficult to diagnose .
`` The problem is , the symptoms are very , very similar to the good old-fashioned stomach flu , '' Yazel said . `` And so , we do n't know initially , could this be Hepatitis A ? Could this just be a virus ? And then suddenly , they 're jaundiced and much sicker and a high infectious risk . So it does cause a screening challenge from the health department side of things . ''
If you think you have Hepatitis A , do n't go to the emergency room , Yazel said . Contact your family physician , who can determine if you need to be tested .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Columbus Blue Jackets left wing Nick Foligno 71 ) congratulates goaltender Joonas Korpisalo , right , after an overtime victory over the Boston Bruins during an NHL hockey game in Boston , Monday , March 19 , 2018 .
The Import Vehicle Community , formerly the Auto International Association ( AIA ) , a community of the Auto Care Association , is now accepting nominations for the 2017 Import Product and Marketing Awards .
The awards honor brands and companies creating innovative products and programs for import nameplate cars or trucks , and are open to all AAPEX exhibitors . Entries and award winners will be recognized during AAPEX , Oct. 31-Nov. 2 , in Las Vegas .
This year 's awards feature a new category :
Best Mobile App for Application of Import Cars or Trucks
Returning categories include :
Best Overall Import Aftermarket Product or Product Line
Best New Product or Product Line for Import Cars or Trucks
Best Performance Product , Accessory or Functional Fluids for Import Cars or Trucks
Best New Tool for Repairs on Import Cars or Trucks
Best Problem-Solver for Import Cars or Trucks
Best Packaging of a Product for Import Cars or Trucks
Best Merchandising/Advertising of a Product for Import Cars or Trucks
Best Print or Electronic Catalog of a Product Line for Import Cars or Trucks
Best Website Presentation of Product ( s ) for Import Cars or Trucks
Entries will be displayed near the Import Vehicle Community 's new booth location at the Sands Expo on level two AAPEX booth No . 42001 , display cases AAPEX booth No . 42011 , with signage directing buyers to company booths . In addition , all entries enjoy year-long exposure , with winning entries highlighted on the Import Vehicle Community website .
The awards will be presented at a press conference at AAPEX on Tuesday , Oct. 31 . Award winners receive a full-page post-AAPEX ImportCar ad , and will be recognized at the Import Vehicle Community Luncheon and Awards Program on Wednesday , Nov. 1 .
For more information and to submit your entries online , go to autocare.org/import-vehicle-community/awards . Entries received by Aug. 31 will enjoy an early-bird discount fee . Entries received by Sept. 15 will be included in pre-AAPEX publicity in ImportCar and Counterman .
Image copyright Facebook/Richard Smith Image caption The posts were later removed from Facebook
A mayor who posted criticism of homosexuality , transgender people and Muslims on Facebook is to step down after facing `` abuse and intimidation '' .
Richard Smith faced calls to resign as Ferryhill 's Mayor after his posts were highlighted by a local drag artist .
Mr Smith said the posts were personal views unconnected to his mayoral role and it was `` absolutely not '' his intention to cause offence .
But , after `` considerable deliberation '' he is to relinquish the role .
Mr Smith , who is also a pastor at the Emmanuel Christian Fellowship in the town , said he had to pull out of a flag-raising event for military personnel after threats of disruption .
News of his posts emerged last month , with one of the comments he shared calling homosexuality `` a sin '' .
Another read `` transgender ideology ... produced large-scale child abuse '' , and a third said `` people are n't allowed to speak the truth anymore '' about gender issues .
'Outrageously twisted '
Local drag artist , Tess Tickle , said : `` Everybody 's entitled to their own views and beliefs . However , sharing things in a public domain in a position of power ... it 's not acceptable . ''
Mr Smith said in a statement : `` Over recent weeks I have been subjected to unprecedented levels of adverse publicity .
`` Whilst the instigators are very much in the minority , as evidenced by the widespread messages of support I have received , I realise that my ability to serve the people of Ferryhill in the manner I would have wished will always be subject to disruption and intimidation .
`` To be denied the opportunity to hold personal views was never my expectation when I undertook the role of mayor , and it is a matter of sincere regret to me that those personal views have been so tragically and outrageously twisted and reported on in order to discredit both myself and my faith . ''
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court Pause 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble 55 Aerial footage of recovery efforts on Saturday as officials hope to remove FIU bridge collapse victims 177 First vehicles removed from wreckage of FIU bridge collapse 140 Second vehicles removed from wreckage of FIU bridge collapse Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Aerial footage shows the aftermath of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapsing on Southwest Eighth Street in Miami on March 15 , 2018 . Pedro Portal Miami Herald
Aerial footage shows the aftermath of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapsing on Southwest Eighth Street in Miami on March 15 , 2018 . Pedro Portal Miami Herald
A freezer that contained the remains of two dogs awaiting cremation was stolen from a veterinary clinic . TIFFANY TOMKINS ttomkins @ bradenton.com
The top 25 teams in The Associated Press ' women 's college basketball poll , with first-place votes in parentheses , records through Dec. 10 , total points based on 25 points for a first-place vote through one point for a 25th-place vote and last week 's ranking :
RecordPtsPrv
1 . UConn ( 32 ) 8-0 800 1
2 . Notre Dame 9-1 749 3
3 . Louisville 11-0 736 4
4 . South Carolina 9-1 685 5
5 . Mississippi St. 9-0 664 6
6 . Baylor 8-1 625 8
7 . Tennessee 10-0 620 11
8 . Texas 7-1 593 2
9 . Oregon 8-1 519 9
10 . West Virginia 9-0 504 10
11 . UCLA 7-2 459 7
12 . Florida St. 10-0 443 13
13 . Ohio St. 9-2 439 12
14 . Duke 8-2 390 14
15 . Maryland 9-2 354 15
16 . Missouri 9-1 293 17
17 . Oregon St. 6-2 226 19
18 . Stanford 5-4 221 18
19 . Texas A & M 8-2 180 21
20 . Villanova 9-0 177 22
21 . Green Bay 8-1 147 23
22 . South Florida 7-2 141 16
23 . Michigan 8-2 116 24
24 . California 7-2 98 25
25 . Iowa 10-1 55 -
Others receiving votes : Oklahoma St. 54 , New Mexico 39 , Syracuse 22 , Oklahoma 12 , Arizona St. 10 , Marquette 8 , Southern Cal 8 , Kentucky 7 , South Dakota St. 3 , Rutgers 1 , Florida Gulf Coast 1 , Ball St. 1 .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day 's most important political stories and why they matter .
Democrats start out with advantage in Virginia 's general election
We witnessed a highly competitive race in last night 's gubernatorial primaries — but it was n't on the closely watched Democratic side , where Lt. Gov . Ralph Northam beat former Rep. Tom Perriello by 12 points , 56 % -44 % . Instead , it was the Republican contest that turned out to be the nail-biter , with GOP frontrunner Ed Gillespie edging Prince William County Chair Corey Stewart by just 4,000 votes , 44 % -43 % . What was especially stunning is that Gillespie had the money , the establishment support , the higher name ID , and was facing a highly flawed challenger in Stewart ( who had made protecting Confederate monuments a pillar of his campaign ) — and he barely won .
Democrats start out with the advantage in this fall 's Northam-vs.-Gillespie general election . One , turnout suggests Democrats have enthusiasm on their side : There were more than 540,000 votes in the two-person Dem race , while the three-person GOP contest had 366,000 votes . ( That turnout disparity looks like New Jersey , not Virginia . ) Two , Democrats today hold a unity event with Northam and Perriello , while Republicans are n't unified . “ There is one word you will never hear from me , and that 's ‘ unity , ' ” Stewart told supporters , per the Washington Post . And three , President Trump 's job approval rating in Virginia is in the 30s . Add them all up , and you 'd rather be Ralph Northam than Ed Gillespie , although we still have five months to go .
Virginia is no longer a purple state
One way to look at the closer-than-expected Gillespie-vs.-Stewart race is that Trump 's wing of the party is one the rise ; this is no longer your Bush 43 party in which Gillespie served . The other way is that GOP moderates fled the party , with Northern Virginia Republicans voting in the Democratic contest ( Virginia voters can pick which primary they want to participate in ) . “ There 's a new name for the voters most people thought of as VA 's moderate Republicans a few years ago : Democrats , ” observed the Cook Political Report 's David Wasserman . “ VA is not a swing state , ” he added . Indeed , Republicans have now gone 1-9 in major Virginia statewide races ( for president , governor , U.S. Senate ) since 2004 .
Yes , Trump was contemplating firing Mueller — until his staff stepped in
“ Last month 's appointment of Robert S. Mueller III as a special counsel to investigate possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia enraged President Trump . Yet , at least initially , he holstered his Twitter finger and publicly said nothing , ” the New York Times writes . “ But behind the scenes , the president soon began entertaining the idea of firing Mr. Mueller even as his staff tried to discourage him from something they believed would turn a bad situation into a catastrophe , according to several people with direct knowledge of Mr. Trump 's interactions . ”
So his staff and advisers were able to calm down the president . But what about next week ? Next month ? Next year ? Bottom line : Trump clearly ca n't compartmentalize the Russia probe , and that is a troubling development for a probe that 's not ending anytime soon .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Senator calls for Sessions to meet with Judiciary Comm . 6:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sessions helped himself personally , but he did n't help Trump
That 's our takeaway from Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' Senate testimony yesterday . Sessions got headlines for strongly denying that he colluded with Russians ( even though no one was accusing him of collusion ) . NBC News : “ Jeff Sessions : ‘ Appalling and Detestable Lie ' to Accuse Him of Colluding With Russians. ” But Sessions did n't help Trump — by sticking by his earlier assertion that Comey was fired due to his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation ( when Trump himself has said it was because of the Russia investigation ) , and by invoking executive privilege ( even though President Trump had n't directly asserted it ) .
Trump calls GOP House health-care bill “ mean ”
NBC 's Leigh Ann Caldwell : “ In a meeting with Republican senators Tuesday to discuss health care reform , President Donald Trump gave them support to move in a different direction from the House-passed version of the legislation which he described as ‘ mean , ' according to two Senate aides whose bosses attended the lunch . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jeff Sessions defiant under grilling before Senate about Russia investigation 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
GOP Whip Scalise shot
Finally , here 's the breaking news from NBC 's Alex Moe as we were publishing this morning : “ I have two different senior level GOP aides who confirm to NBC News that GOP Whip Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) was shot at the congressional baseball practice this morning . He is in stable condition . One source specifically referenced the hip . Two sources also say one to two Capitol police offices were also shot . More as we have it. ” It 's a developing and horrifying situation .
2:07
Video : Kevin Hart shows Cam Newton how much he can bench
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
Berry 's Jordan McLaughlin ( 4 ) drives the lane for the layup during Friday 's game against Ardrey Kell . Jonathan Aguallo
Christina Kincaid , mapper and geographic information system coordinator for Fannin County , discussed plans for the aerial flight mapping of the ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
Herdsmen attacks : Delta lawmaker alleges threat to life
By Perez Brisibe
ABRAKA—THE lawmaker representing Ethiope East in Delta State House of Assembly , Chief Evance Ivwurie , has raised alarm that his life was under threat owing to his campaign against armed Fulani herdsmen in his constituency .
Chief Ivwurie , in a statement yesterday , explained that some individuals from the northern part of the country were using the security agencies to muzzle him in an attempt to silence him .
He said : “ A Kaduna State-based group petitioned the Minister of Interior and National Security Adviser accusing me and the Deputy Speaker of Delta State House of Assembly , Mr Friday Osanebi , of alleged proclamation of genocide against the Fulani and Hausa in our constituencies .
“ The threat I am currently facing is as a result of my decision to champion and stand in the gap for the people of my constituency who are killed and maimed daily by suspected armed Fulani herdsmen .
“ I have been invited by the Delta State Police Command on several occasions and I made it clear to them that as a law abiding citizen , with respect for the Nigerian constitution , I will not make such unscrupulous statement against any section of the country . ”
On his part , the Deputy Speaker , through his media aide , Agbanashi Obinna , said : “ The allegation by the group is not true and should be treated as a figment of the imagination of the authors . ”
Confirming the investigation by the police on the lawmakers , the state Commissioner of Police , Mr. Zanna Ibrahim said : “ A civil rights movement reported the duo to the National Security Adviser over their utterances .
“ We ( police ) have been tasked to investigate and report back to the Inspector General of Police but they both denied the allegations . Investigation is still ongoing . ”
The post Herdsmen attacks : Delta lawmaker alleges threat to life appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why it matters to you For a nostalgia trip , or an informative look at what Apple computing was like in the 1980s , this collection offers a very true-to-life emulation .
If you did n't live through the mid-80s period of Apple Macintosh computing and gaming , now you can get a real taste for it without any need for the original hardware and software . The Internet Archive now offers full emulation of that era 's operating systems and games , all playable through your browser .
Over the past few years , the Internet Archive — the same group behind the Wayback machine — has made it possible to emulate a variety of retro technologies , from arcade machines , to console games and home computers . This latest addition sees it tackling early Apple computers , by bringing the famed black-and-white period of '80s Macintosh computing to the contemporary masses .
The official software library for the Macintosh era includes 45 different applications , giving users the chance to have a play around with the various macOS operating systems , as well as a variety of classic games , from Space Invaders to Dark Castle .
“ If you have not experienced the original operating system for the Macintosh family of computers , it 's an interesting combination of well-worn conventions in the modern world , along with choices that might seem strange or off-the-mark , ” the Archive blog post reads . “ At the time the machine was released , however , they landed new ideas in the hands of a worldwide audience and gained significant fans and followers almost immediately . ”
As much as some of the early games on offer will be a fun insight for some , the arguably most interesting aspect of this release is looking at how the software of that era continues to inspire creations today . Visual interfaces , virtual memory , simple artistic applications and more can be found in their earliest iterations in retro technology such as this .
The project was the child of many different creative minds , bringing together a variety of emulation experts to make it possible to use some of these antique pieces of software .
Anyone who likes this style should keep an eye out for Papers Please developer Lucas Pope 's upcoming creation , Return of the Obra Dinn , which is built to emulate classic software from the same era .
0:51
Macon resident states case why alcohol should be allowed in Rosa Parks Square
2:14
Former Macon Mayor C. Jack Ellis opposes beer festival in park
1:30
JEDDAH : A soldier from the Saudi border guards was killed when a land mine exploded in the Jazan district , the Saudi Interior Ministry has confirmed .
Security spokesman Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki said the soldier was part of a patrol in the area on Tuesday morning when the blast happened .
The casualty has been named as Vice Sergeant Mohammed Shami Ali Haddadi , who died upon arrived at the hospital .
An investigation into the incident is being carried out by the border guards in coordination with the Saudi Royal Corps of Engineers .
JEDDAH : A soldier from the Saudi border guards was killed when a land mine exploded in the Jazan district , the Saudi Interior Ministry has confirmed .
Security spokesman Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki said the soldier was part of a patrol in the area on Tuesday morning when the blast happened .
The casualty has been named as Vice Sergeant Mohammed Shami Ali Haddadi , who died upon arrived at the hospital .
An investigation into the incident is being carried out by the border guards in coordination with the Saudi Royal Corps of Engineers .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side were `` outstanding '' in their 1-1 draw at Burnley , despite missing a host of chances .
MATCH REPORT : Burnley 1-1 Manchester City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day , Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average opened sharply higher on Monday after deescalating tension with North Korea eased pressure on markets .
With futures indicating a strong start to the week , the Dow quickly soared by over 140 points after the opening bell , with the S & P up by 14 points .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Guam , Japan prepares for possible missile strike amid North Korea tension 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` What we 're seeing is a bit of a relief rally , '' Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial , told CNBC . `` The reason for that is the rhetoric has toned down , for the moment . ''
Over the weekend , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis penned an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that sought to clarify the extent to which diplomatic solutions with Pyongyang would be pursued . The authors wrote of Donald Trump 's administration 's “ peaceful pressure campaign ” and “ diplomatic approach ” to North Korea 's denuclearization , while noting the regime 's “ dishonesty ” and “ repeated violations . ”
Although markets are constantly trying to anticipate , historically there is `` relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations , ” Kent Boydston , a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , told NBC News .
Related : Wall Street Is Taking Note of Trump , Kim War of Words
The rebound in equities reflects renewed confidence in assets and the global economy in general , including data from Japan that showed economic growth at 4 percent , marking that nation 's longest growth streak since 2006 .
PARIS : Daesh may soon be defeated in Iraq and Syria but a “ virtual caliphate ” could be harder to conquer , experts and officials have warned .
The jihadist propaganda machine will continue to exist in hidden corners of the dark web , inciting sympathizers to action , they say .
“ Defeating ISIL on the physical battlefield is not enough , ” General Joseph Votel , the top commander for US military forces in the Middle East , warned in a paper earlier this year using another acronym for Daesh .
“ Following even a decisive defeat in Iraq and Syria , ISIL will likely retreat to a virtual safe haven — a virtual caliphate — from which it will continue to coordinate and inspire external attacks as well as build a support base until the group has the capability to reclaim physical territory , ” said Votel .
He described this online network as “ a distorted version of the historic Islamic caliphate : it is a stratified community of Muslims who are led by a caliph ( currently Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi ) , aspire to participate in a state governed by sharia , and are located in the global territory of cyberspace . ”
The Daesh group 's loss of almost all its territory in Iraq and in Syria has damaged its online communication efforts , following a boom in propaganda operations in 2014-2015 .
But it has not put an end to it completely .
The Daesh “ news agency ” and propaganda machine Amaq continues to claim responsibility for attacks and incite further violence .
Most recently , it claimed that Stephen Paddock , the gunman who massacred 58 people in Las Vegas on Sunday , was a Daesh “ soldier ” — an assertion met with widespread skepticism .
One theory is that Daesh is seeking to keep up publicity efforts to maintain relevance with its sympathizers and continue to recruit support , even as it faces military defeat on the ground in Iraq and Syria .
Researcher Charlie Winter , who wrote a report on Daesh 's web presence for British think tank Quilliam , says the group will work to persuade followers that the idea of a caliphate is more important that its physical presence .
“ Censoring the Internet is not going to work , ” he told AFP .
“ policymakers are focusing their attention on the wrong part of the Internet , and that 's problematic given that it 's going to be a phenomenon to be dealt with in the next few years .
“ Terrorists are now hiding in the deep web using encryption .
“ There will always be a safe place for them on the Internet regardless of what politicians like to say . ”
Under pressure from public authorities , Internet providers and major online players are beginning to put in place measures and procedures to disrupt IS 's exploitation of the web .
“ But despite the increased vigilance of authorities and social networks the Islamic State has demonstrated significant resilience due to its flexibilty and ability to adapt when facing the suppression of online jihadist content , ” according to French researchers Laurence Binder and Raphael Gluck .
“ It manages to still disseminate sufficiently to reach a pool of sympathizers and recruits . ”
PARIS : Daesh may soon be defeated in Iraq and Syria but a “ virtual caliphate ” could be harder to conquer , experts and officials have warned .
The jihadist propaganda machine will continue to exist in hidden corners of the dark web , inciting sympathizers to action , they say .
“ Defeating ISIL on the physical battlefield is not enough , ” General Joseph Votel , the top commander for US military forces in the Middle East , warned in a paper earlier this year using another acronym for Daesh .
“ Following even a decisive defeat in Iraq and Syria , ISIL will likely retreat to a virtual safe haven — a virtual caliphate — from which it will continue to coordinate and inspire external attacks as well as build a support base until the group has the capability to reclaim physical territory , ” said Votel .
He described this online network as “ a distorted version of the historic Islamic caliphate : it is a stratified community of Muslims who are led by a caliph ( currently Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi ) , aspire to participate in a state governed by sharia , and are located in the global territory of cyberspace . ”
The Daesh group 's loss of almost all its territory in Iraq and in Syria has damaged its online communication efforts , following a boom in propaganda operations in 2014-2015 .
But it has not put an end to it completely .
The Daesh “ news agency ” and propaganda machine Amaq continues to claim responsibility for attacks and incite further violence .
Most recently , it claimed that Stephen Paddock , the gunman who massacred 58 people in Las Vegas on Sunday , was a Daesh “ soldier ” — an assertion met with widespread skepticism .
One theory is that Daesh is seeking to keep up publicity efforts to maintain relevance with its sympathizers and continue to recruit support , even as it faces military defeat on the ground in Iraq and Syria .
Researcher Charlie Winter , who wrote a report on Daesh 's web presence for British think tank Quilliam , says the group will work to persuade followers that the idea of a caliphate is more important that its physical presence .
“ Censoring the Internet is not going to work , ” he told AFP .
“ policymakers are focusing their attention on the wrong part of the Internet , and that 's problematic given that it 's going to be a phenomenon to be dealt with in the next few years .
“ Terrorists are now hiding in the deep web using encryption .
“ There will always be a safe place for them on the Internet regardless of what politicians like to say . ”
Under pressure from public authorities , Internet providers and major online players are beginning to put in place measures and procedures to disrupt IS 's exploitation of the web .
“ But despite the increased vigilance of authorities and social networks the Islamic State has demonstrated significant resilience due to its flexibilty and ability to adapt when facing the suppression of online jihadist content , ” according to French researchers Laurence Binder and Raphael Gluck .
“ It manages to still disseminate sufficiently to reach a pool of sympathizers and recruits . ”
Image copyright Google Image caption Police were called to reports of an armed robbery on Mandeville Street , Hackney
A man has been taken to hospital after being shot by an armed police officer in east London .
Met Police officers were called to Mandeville Street , Hackney , after receiving reports of an armed robbery of a vehicle at 22.50 GMT on Monday .
The force said a `` police firearm was discharged '' and the man was taken to hospital where his injuries are being assessed . No one else was injured .
The incident has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct .
The watchdog tweeted : `` We 're investigating a @ metpoliceuk shooting in which a man has been injured in Hackney , London in the early hours of this morning .
`` The man was taken to the Royal London Hospital . Our investigators are at the scene and post-incident procedure making initial inquiries . ''
There is just over a week left for South Lanarkshire 's missing £1m Lotto Millionaire Raffle winner to claim their prize .
The missing ticket is due to expire on Thursday , February 23 , and players are urged to double-check if they have code GREY 8746 6648 .
The one-off Lotto draw on August 27 , 2016 , was held to thank National Lottery players for the support they have given Team GB through playing the lottery .
Andy Carter , senior winners ' advisor at The National Lottery , said : “ We 're eager to find the South Lanarkshire mystery ticket-holder and unite them with their winnings – this amazing prize could really make a huge difference to somebody 's life .
“ Team GB 's success in Rio , when their haul was a whopping 67 medals , was outstanding and worthy of celebration with an extra special Lotto draw , now we just need to find South Lanarkshire 's winner to help them celebrate their own win ! ”
Prize winners have 180 days to claim , if no one comes forward with the winning ticket before the deadline , then the prize money , plus all the interest it has generated , will go to help National Lottery-funded projects across the UK .
Anyone who has any queries or who believes they have the winning ticket should call the National Lottery Line on 0844 338 7551 or e-mail help @ national-lottery.co.uk .
Hello , and welcome to the final round of app sales for the week . February has just begun , which means that MWC is right around the corner . Before that chaos begins , let 's sit back and enjoy the calm . Today 's list , in contrast to Wednesday 's , has quite a bit going on – there are even a couple of good ones – so have at it .
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
FRESNO , Calif. — A California State University , Fresno professor who called Barbara Bush “ an amazing racist ” and cheered her death will not be punished , the president of the university announced Tuesday .
Randa Jarrar was acting as a private citizen using her personal Twitter account so her remarks did n't violate any California State University or campus policies , Fresno State President Joseph Castro wrote in announcing the results of a review .
“ Her comments , although disgraceful , are protected free speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , ” Castro wrote . “ Our duty as Americans and educators is to promote a free exchange of diverse views , even if we disagree with them . ”
Jarrar has been on leave this semester and could n't immediately be reached for comment . An email to her university address was not immediately returned .
The English professor provoked a storm of criticism last week with her tweets following the death of the former first lady .
“ Barbara Bush was a generous and smart and amazing racist who , along with her husband , raised a war criminal , ” Jarrar wrote .
Jarrar also commented that she was “ happy the witch is dead . ”
A Change.org petition to have her fired had garnered 50,000 online signatures as of Tuesday evening .
In response to critics , Jarrar said she was a tenured professor who could not be fired but Castro said the issue was n't related to her job or tenure .
However , he also condemned her remarks .
“ Professor Jarrar 's conduct was insensitive , inappropriate and an embarrassment to the university , ” Castro wrote , adding : “ On campus and whenever we are representing the university , I expect all of us to engage in respectful dialogue . ”
Jarrar grew up in Kuwait and Egypt and moved to the United States after the Gulf War , according to her university faculty page .
She describes herself in her Twitter messages as an Arab-American and a Muslim-American woman .
Ginny Irovando Long and Robert Edward Long were arrested Thursday in Fort Walton Beach , Florida , after authorities say they told their son he had terminal cancer when he did n't . Okaloosa County Sheriff 's Office
CLEVELAND — Authorities say a Cleveland police officer attacked a woman and had her arrested for assaulting a police officer .
Sgt . Christopher Graham , of Wellington , was charged Thursday with misdemeanour assault and unlawful restraint . He pleaded not guilty during a court appearance Friday morning .
A Cleveland police Internal Affairs detective wrote in court papers that the 38-year-old Graham assaulted the woman Sept. 12 and then had her arrested on the felony assault charge .
Officials have n't said why Graham allegedly attacked the woman .
Cleveland.com reports that Cleveland paid settlements in two lawsuits filed against Graham that accused him of misusing his police power .
Graham 's attorney did n't return telephone messages seeking comment Friday .
A police spokeswoman did n't respond to an email asking about Graham 's status with the department .
People living in Lavenham , Hadleigh and surrounding villages can access free help from Citizens Advice as local advice services from Sudbury pay a visit .
In Lavenham the service will be available on the second Wednesday of each month between 9.30am and 12.30pm at Lavenham Village Hall .
The service will then visit Hadleigh on the last Wednesday of each month between 9.30am and 12.30pm at the Babergh District Council Offices .
Citizens Advice offer free , independent and confidential advice on matters including debt , benefits , housing , employment , family and relationships , tax and consumer rights .
Sudbury Citizens Advice chief officer Colleen Sweeney said : “ We hope people unable to travel to our offices in Sudbury will be able to access our advice and we urge people to come forward and seek our help as early possible if they are experiencing problems . ”
Police in Ottawa County found the runaway teen who they believed to be in danger .
According to police , Hunter Swartz , 15 , was last seen at his home on Rice Street in Elmore , Ohio Monday afternoon .
The missing advisory that was issued for Ottawa , Erie , Lucas , Sandusky and Wood Counties is cancelled .
Hunter was located near Toledo , Ohio around 9 p.m. Wednesday evening .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2017 WTOL . All rights reserved .
By Abby Hassler
Mother Monster ( a.k.a . Lady Gaga ) gave a thrilling headline Coachella performance Saturday night ( April 15 ) . Before she leaves the grounds , the iconic singer will shoot scenes from her A Star is Born reboot with her co-star Bradley Cooper .
Related : Stream Lady Gaga 's New Song ‘ The Cure '
The official solicitation for extras reveals the scenes will portray “ a Country Western music concert. ” The advertisement adds , “ All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots , throw on a Stetson ( leave those pink Joanne hats at home ) and come out to show your support ! ”
Cooper is making his directorial debut for this film remake and will join Gaga onstage April 18 and 19 to film . Tickets are only $ 10 and all cell phones will be locked away so no extras can record photos or sound during the shoot .
Warner Bros Pictures even posted on social media about the scenes , writing , “ Be there when @ ladygaga films for A # StarIsBorn on the # Coachella grounds nxt wk ! Sign up now . ”
Check out the post below .
The Veterans Affairs hospital in Washington , D.C. , is so disorganized and understaffed that operations were delayed and patients put at serious risk , inspectors reported .
Staff have had to borrow equipment from private hospitals , plunder supplies and use their own purchase cards to buy essential equipment , the Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) report found .
Department of Veterans Affairs building in Washington , D.C. Charles Dharapak / AP
Supposedly sterile equipment was stored in hot , dusty closets and tens of thousands of dollars of supplies were stockpiled without any inventory , the OIG report says .
`` OIG has preliminarily identified a number of serious and troubling deficiencies at the Medical Center that place patients at unnecessary risk , '' the report reads .
The VA fired the medical center director . `` The department considers this an urgent patient-safety issue , '' it said in a statement .
`` Effective immediately , the medical center director has been relieved from his position and temporarily assigned to administrative duties , '' it added . `` Col. Lawrence Connell , U. S. Army ( Ret ) , has been named the Acting Medical Center Director for the D.C. VA Medical Center . ''
The OIG said it inspected the VA medical center after an anonymous tip off .
It found a long list of problems .
`` The Medical Center placed patients at unnecessary risk by failing to ensure that appropriate medical supplies and equipment were available to providers when needed ; that recalled supplies or equipment were not used on patients ; and that sterile supplies were stored appropriately , '' the report reads .
`` Four prostate biopsy surgical procedures were canceled on April 25 , 2016 because prostate biopsy guns were out of stock , '' it added . A nurse concerned enough about inventory recommended to the medical center director that operating rooms `` stand down '' until inventory problems were fixed .
“ The Medical Center placed patients at unnecessary risk by failing to ensure that appropriate medical supplies and equipment were available to providers . ”
`` As recently as March 15 , 2017 , the Medical Center ran out of bloodlines for dialysis patients on the second shift—they were able to provide dialysis services to those patients only because staff borrowed bloodlines from a private hospital , '' it adds .
`` On March 29 , a nurse emailed the patient safety manager , reporting that during an acute episode , she needed to provide oxygen to a patient . The floor was out of oxygen nasal cannulas ( tubing that fits into a patient 's nose and provides oxygen ) . The nurse was able to use one found on the crash cart , but reported the shortage as a risk to patient safety . ''
In 2007 , the military 's flagship Walter Reed hospital in Washington was found to be a mess . It was closed in 2011 and its staff and equipment transferred to the former Naval Medical Center in nearby Bethesda , which was renamed the National Military Medical Center .
Related : Lawmakers Promise to Fix Problems at Walter Reed
The OIG is an independent agency at the VA , set up to provide objective oversight . The report found 194 patient safety reports at the VA medical center since the beginning of 2014 .
The inspection found 18 of 25 storage areas for supplies were dirty and that $ 150 million in equipment or supplies had not been inventoried in the past year .
And there are not enough staff to handle these problems . `` There are numerous and critical open senior staff positions that will make prompt remediation of these issues very challenging , '' the report reads .
President Donald Trump appointed Dr. David Shulkin , former undersecretary of health at the VA , to head the giant department . The VA takes care of 9 million veterans at 1,700 different hospitals and clinics .
2:02
Wells Fargo CEO : We should have done sooner
2:19
Charlotte branch of The Federal Reserve ranks high in cash processing
0:53
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
United Nations officials have accused Facebook of spreading hate speech in Myanmar , where human rights experts are investigating a possible genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority .
Marzuki Darusman , chairman of the U.N . Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar , told reporters on Monday that the social media giant has played a `` determining role '' in the troubled Southeast Asian nation , according to Reuters .
`` It has ... substantively contributed to the level of acrimony and dissension and conflict , if you will , within the public , '' Darusman said . `` Hate speech is certainly , of course , a part of that . ''
Rohingya migrants react as police and officials attempt to control a surging crowd at the Kutupalong refugee camp on November 28 , 2017 . Ed Jones / AFP - Getty Images
`` As far as the Myanmar situation is concerned , social media is Facebook , and Facebook is social media , '' he said .
In an email , a Facebook spokesperson , Ruchika Budhraja , said in part : `` There is no place for hate speech or content that promotes violence on Facebook , and we work hard to keep it off our platform . ''
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar for Bangladesh amid a crackdown by Myanmar security forces that began last August after a string of insurgent attacks .
The U.N. human rights chief , Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein , said last week that he strongly suspected `` acts of genocide '' may have taken place in Myanmar 's northern Rakhine State . The United States has declared the violence against the Rohingya minority to be `` ethnic cleansing . ''
Al-Hussein also suggested that reports of the bulldozing of mass graves there showed a `` deliberate attempt by the authorities to destroy evidence of potential international crimes , including possible crimes against humanity . ''
Related : Rohingya Muslims will soon face cyclones , monsoons in Bangladesh
U.N. Myanmar investigator Yanghee Lee said Facebook was woven into public and private life in Myanmar , where the government uses the platform to share information with citizens .
`` Everything is done through Facebook in Myanmar , '' Lee told reporters , according to Reuters .
`` It was used to convey public messages , but we know that the ultra-nationalist Buddhists have their own Facebooks and are really inciting a lot of violence and a lot of hatred against the Rohingya or other ethnic minorities , '' she said .
`` I 'm afraid that Facebook has now turned into a beast , and not what it originally intended , '' she said .
The social media company has a policy that bars hate speech targeting people because of their race , ethnic identity or religion . It suspends and sometimes removes users who promote hate speech on the platform .
`` We have invested significantly in technology and local language expertise to help us swiftly remove hate content and people who repeatedly violate our hate speech policies , '' Budhraja said , adding that the company has worked with experts in Myanmar on `` safety resources and counter-speech campaigns . ''
`` Of course , there is always more we can do and we will continue to work with local experts to help keep our community safe , '' Budhraja said .
When WannaCry hit last month , Microsoft took the unusual step of patching all of its older operating systems to guard against the systemic threat the ransomware posed to infrastructure and critical facilities , like hospitals . The one OS that did n't require any patching was Windows 10 . Now , Microsoft has released a report on how Windows 10 is designed to prevent ransomware attacks . While such techniques are always a race between black hats on one side and white hats on the other , it 's an interesting look at how OS design has evolved over the years , and what an OS developer can do to help prevent them .
Microsoft writes :
While security updates are automatically applied in most computers , some users and enterprises may delay deployment of patches . For older Windows versions like Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 that did n't take the fix in security bulletin MS17-010 , but had cloud protection turned on ( in Microsoft Security Essentials or Windows Defender AV ) WannaCrypt was prevented from executing . However , these older versions do not have the level of exploit hardening and platform features ( e.g. , Device Guard , instant cloud protection etc . ) available in Windows 10 to effectively protect against the threat .
Unsurprisingly , Microsoft recommends upgrading to the latest version of Windows to solve the problem ( you knew that was coming ) . But the company does make a good point in its whitepaper . Bing , Windows Defender , Windows 10 , and Office 365 are all Microsoft products , which means the company has a very good window into the overall shape and scope of threats , even emerging ones . This is one area where big data and extensive analytics can be genuinely useful , and using a cloud-based antivirus system allows Microsoft to update its heuristics and detection algorithms in real time .
Microsoft also used the malware as an opportunity to plug for Microsoft Edge , its semifunctional non-browser that 's good for maximizing battery life and not much else . While it 's true that Edge defaults to a “ clean ” HTML5 experience , the browsers lack of extensions and plugins have done nothing to help it gain market share . Chances are you do n't use it ( at least , not as a primary driver ) . It 's true that Edge has a better record on socially engineered malware blocking compared to Firefox or Chrome , at least according to tests conducted by NSS Labs , but every time I use Edge I wind up restarting it several times a day to recover webpages that have stopped responding . This even happens on MSN.com , where you 'd think the browser would have a maximum chance of being properly compatible .
The Creators Update also added the ability to enable Antimalware Scan Interface support ( AMSI ) “ during strategic execution points in JS or VBS script runtime. ” The goal is to block malicious code from executing even when the code has deployed its own obfuscation methods to compensate for other detection schemes .
Finally ( and inevitably ) , MS is pushing the idea of Windows 10 S as the most secure version of its operating system available . This is undoubtedly true , yet simultaneously worthless for the vast majority of users . Right now , the Windows 10 Store is simply lacking too much software to be a credible method of locking down a system . For now , it 's interesting to see how Windows 10 is secured against certain malware attacks in ways that previous versions of Windows were n't — and it 'll be very interesting to see how well these protections hold up over the longer term .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — `` Horrible . '' `` Shameful . '' `` One of the worst . ''
Those are just some of the dire ways liberal Democrats have described one of their own members of Congress , who is in the last rounds of the fight of his political life .
Even in no-holds-barred Illinois — and even with the most expensive gubernatorial race in history on the ballot — the Democrat-on-Democrat violence in Tuesday 's congressional primary in Chicago 's Southwest suburbs stands out .
`` I 've done 25 or 30 races over the years , and I 've never seen a party turn away from a lawmaker like this , '' said Thom Serafin , a former Democratic consultant who is now an independent political analyst in Chicago .
As a moderate , anti-abortion Democrat , Rep. Dan Lipinski , D-Ill. , is an endangered species , and many in his party are determined to hunt his kind into extinction .
Lined up against him , and in favor of more progressive opponent Marie Newman , in Tuesday 's contest are an all-star lineup of liberal groups and figures : Planned Parenthood , NARAL Pro-Choice America , the Service Employees International Union , the pro-LGBT Human Rights Campaign , EMILY 's List , MoveOn.org , Indivisible , Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-N.Y. , and well-known former advisers to Barack Obama .
And in a practically unprecedented move , two of his colleagues — Reps. Jan Schakowsky and Luis Gutierrez — are working against a fellow member of their state 's congressional delegation .
`` Dan Lipinski may have a D next to his name — but he does n't have true Democratic values , '' Ilyse Hogue , the president , NARAL , said in a fundraising email sent by the Progressive Change Campaign Committee . `` He 's consistently undermined the rights of women , immigrants , and the LGBTQ community . ''
Democratic candidate for the 3rd congressional district Marie Newman speaks with supporters at a campaign event in LaGrange , Illinois on Feb. 13 , 2018 . Sara Burnett / AP
Lipinski , who has served in Congress since 2005 , has made no apologies for his votes . But he 's called some attacks on his record false and declared that he 's `` a very proud and strong Democrat . ''
`` I understand that compromise is essential to getting things done , '' he said in a radio interview with WGN . `` And the party and the country can not afford a Tea Party of the left . ''
Illinois ' 3rd Congressional District , which Lipinski inherited from his power-broker father , is a vestige of old-school Democratic politics , composed largely of Catholics of Irish and Polish descent , as well as a growing number of Hispanics .
The elder Lipinski , Bill , served 11 terms in Congress before handing the seat to his son in a controversial move in which Dan replaced his father on the ballot between the primary and the general election .
It 's a safe Democratic seat and the only Republican in the race is the former head of the American Nazi Party , who has been disowned by the GOP . That has liberals itching for a more reliable Democrat .
`` Lipinski and his district have been a good fit for a long time , '' the Chicago Tribune wrote in its recent endorsement of the congressman . But the paper noted `` the 3rd District may be shifting to the left . ''
Sanders beat Hillary Clinton there in the 2016 presidential primary . Newman , a nonprofit executive who supports `` Medicare for All , '' earned a rare nod from the progressive senator . Pro-Clinton groups like EMILY 's List are are also backing Newman .
Democratic centrists , including the Blue Dog Coalition , are rallying to the proxy fight as well .
No Labels , a group that promotes bipartisanship in Washington , have been secretly funding a pro-Lipinski super PAC , according to an investigation by the Chicago Sun-Times , and signing up volunteers to text message voters in the district .
And in an example of how nasty the race has become , one of those volunteers apparently conflated Newman with Jones , the Nazi , urging a voter to reconsider her support for Lipinski , according to a report from Patch . `` Did you know she 's a Holocaust denier , '' the texter asked , adding a scared face emoji .
No Labels did not respond to a request for comment from NBC News . A spokesman for the group confirmed it was running a text message campaign on behalf of Lipinski , adding that `` a volunteer must have confused '' Newman with Jones .
Meanwhile , the anti-Lipinski forces plan to spend at least $ 1.6 million by Election Day on TV , direct mail and digital ads against the incumbent .
They got an assist last week from David Axelrod and other Obama alums , 10 of whom held an impromptu press conference to vent their anger at a pro-Lipinski mailer that featured Obama 's image .
Lipinski voted against the Affordable Care Act and declined to endorse Obama 's re-election in 2012 .
IE for embattled IL Rep. Lipinski , who refused to endorse @ BarackObama for reelection , sends a late mailer to D primary voters with a heroic photo of Obama , encaptioned “ Known for Leading . ”
Five years late !
And VERY # cynical ! pic.twitter.com/dXKX11MhBm — David Axelrod ( @ davidaxelrod ) March 14 , 2018
Public polling in the race has been virtually nonexistent . A recent survey commissioned by a pro-Newman group showed her just two points behind , 43-41 percent , but allies of Lipinski believe he 's in a strong position .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has not publicly endorsed Lipinski 's re-election bid , while House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi offered only a feeble endorsement . `` Yes , I do , '' she responded to a reporter who asked if she backed Lipinski 's re-election .
Lipinski allies think the entire primary is a waste of resources in a year when Democrats should be focused on ousting Republicans in competitive districts .
And some Chicago Democrats worry they could end up trading Lipinski 's seniority and proven constituent services for purity on one issue , abortion , that Congress is unlikely to meaningfully change as long as Roe v. Wade remains intact .
`` We do n't really think beyond our nose sometimes , '' lamented Serafin , noting Lipinski 's perch on the Transportation Committee could be vital for the city if Democrats retake the House majority .
Rep. Daniel Lipinski , D-Ill. , speaks during the Blue Dog Coalition news conference on tax reform on Oct. 4 , 2017 . Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call via Getty Images
But mostly , Lipinski backers worry about what the primary means for their party , even after Democrat Conor Lamb won an upset in Pennsylvania by tacking to the right on guns and abortion .
`` They 're trying to redefine what it means to be a Democrat . And if it means that you have to support abortion to be a Democrat , a lot of people will walk away , '' said Kristen Day , the executive director of Democrats For Life .
She noted that Lipinski has a perfect rating from the environmental group League of Conservation Voters , as well as the backing of the Illinois AFL-CIO , and a near-failing grade from the National Rifle Association .
`` He votes with the party 88 percent of the time . Where do we draw the line ? '' Day asked . `` We do n't want to be Republicans . ''
Veteran fly fishing guide Michael “ Rocky ” Cox will speak Thursday , Feb. 8 , at a free , public meeting of the Clinch River Chapter , Trout Unlimited . His presentation starts at 7 p.m. in the parish hall of St. Francis Episcopal Church , 158 W. Norris Road , Norris .
Cox , owner of Rocky Top Anglers , is a Knoxville native who has guided more than 1,000 fishing trips professionally since he started in 2001 . He says his upbringing in East Tennessee “ allowed me to grow up with wonderful places to play right in my own back yard . Countless miles of mountain streams and cold tailwaters provided endless playgrounds . I never realized how much those years of playing in the water would influence my adult life .
“ I 've always loved the peaceful excitement of fly fishing and always found myself thinking about that next big trip to the mountains . When my leisure time came , I was fly fishing . I was captivated by the old guides , rowing their anglers downriver and finding those special places only accessible by driftboat . I knew that guiding others and showing them the places I treasure would be a very rewarding career . ”
Clinch River Chapter TU works to preserve and protect the Clinch River tailwater and its watershed through conservation projects and through education of children and adults in aquatic natural resources . For more information , visit http : //crctu.org .
Image copyright Getty Images
At the end of the January football transfer window , the Reality Check team has been examining whether footballers are worth their weight in gold , and whether Alexis Sanchez can reasonably be compared to an orange .
The transfer window runs in January and through the summer and is the period when football teams are allowed to buy players .
Amid the talk in the past month of merry-go-rounds , deadlocks and windows slamming shut , there have been some striking utterances .
After signing Alexis Sanchez last week , Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho mocked local rivals Manchester City , who had also been interested in buying the striker .
`` When you see a tree with amazing oranges at the top of the tree and then you can not get there , you say , 'oh , I got the lower ones because I do n't like the ones at the top ' . You like the ones at the top . They are so nice , so orange , so round , so full of juice but you can not get there , so you say , ' I do n't want to go there ' . ''
Citrus fruit experts are pretty happy with this analogy .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Is it reasonable to compare Alexis Sanchez to an orange ?
`` There will be more sun at the top of the canopy of leaves so we expect ripe fruit at the top of the tree to be sweeter than ripe fruit lower down , '' says David Hanke , who specialises in plant sciences at the University of Cambridge .
Horticultural consultant Darren Sheriff , who calls himself The Citrus Guy , agrees but adds that if you gave somebody two oranges from two completely different places on the tree , it 's doubtful they could taste a difference .
Also , there 's no close connection between the colour of the rind outside and the ripeness of the fruit inside .
`` The skin turns orange before the fruit is fully ripe , '' says Mr Hanke , `` and the skin of ripe fruit may regreen in warm weather , enclosing ripe fruit flesh . ''
Of course , Jose Mourinho was really making a point about perception and human nature .
Even if the higher oranges look and taste nearly identical , they seem more desirable because they 're out of reach .
Weight in gold
There has also been some debate about which footballers are worth their weight in gold .
Earlier this month Bayer Leverkusen player Julian Brandt was quoted by World Soccer Magazine describing his team-mate Leon Bailey in admiring terms : `` He 's often our tin-opener , the guy who opens the scoring or comes up with the winner . In this sort of form , he 's worth his weight in gold . ''
Leaving aside the question of how the tin-opener metaphor works ( it may have been lost in translation ) we have been calculating what Bailey 's weight in gold would be .
Leon Bailey went to Bayer Leverkusen for 20m euros ( £17.5m ) last year .
He weighs 75kg and gold costs about £30 a gram , so his weight in gold would be about £2.3m .
So telling a top-flight footballer he 's worth his weight in gold is , these days , a grave insult .
To find what he could be worth his weight in we asked gemstone specialist Jason Williams , who told us you could get a mid-quality aquamarine for about £50 a carat ( it 's five carats to the gram ) , so you could buy 75kg of them for just under £19m .
So if you were trying to flatter him you could describe him as being worth his weight in mid-quality aquamarines .
Bigger fish to fry
There was another bizarre transfer window metaphor from Swansea boss Carlos Carvalhal .
`` I will do my best to try to bring in the best players , '' he said . `` That is why I am starting to look to the lobsters and to the sea bass , if not we must try sardines . Sometimes sardines can win games . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
The Portuguese manager had his fish prices spot on .
Swansea fishmonger Coakley Green was selling lobster this week for £26 per kilogram . Sea bass was £6.98 a kilogram , and a kilogram of sardines costs £4.95 .
Presumably , the manager considers Ghanaian international Andre Ayew , the club 's record signing at £18m , to be a good catch .
In case you 're interested , he weighs 72kg , so his weight in Swansea lobsters would cost a snip at £1,872 .
Read more from Reality Check
Send us your questions
Follow us on Twitter
OTTAWA — Canada is kind of , sort of , building a wall for Donald Trump . A fence , actually .
The move comes in anticipation of a crucial moment in Justin Trudeau 's career . For the first time on Canadian soil , the Canadian prime minister will face a handshake with his American counterpart .
Royal Canadian Mounted Police are trying to ensure the potentially-excessive glad-handing occurs in an utterly secure environment . Great security . Really , the best security .
The U.S. president is one of six foreign heads of state expected to attend G7 meetings in the Charlevoix region of Quebec next June .
The leaders of France , Germany , Italy , Japan and the United Kingdom will also be fenced in with him .
In 2009 , the cost of a one-day visit from then-president Barack Obama eclipsed $ 4 million .
Part of the federal government 's planning process is finding a vendor to build a perimeter fence in La Malbaie , at the Fairmont Manoir Richelieu hotel . ( The property features a 27-hole golf course , which may interest Trump . )
Bidders require advanced security clearance and must sign non-disclosure agreements . They must attend a mandatory site visit next week .
A procurement document posted online shows the RCMP is willing to pay $ 6 million for a perimeter that includes an initial clearing of vegetation , and the set-up and take-down of fencing , lighting and vehicle barriers .
Security measures such as fencing are a matter of course for international summits .
Ottawa is not frugal on security measures when U.S. presidents come knocking . In 2009 , the cost of a one-day visit from then-president Barack Obama eclipsed $ 4 million .
Meanwhile , Trump 's administration has reportedly begun construction on prototypes for his proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall in an area of San Diego , California .
The Los Angeles Times reports the area where wall prototypes are being built has been blocked off from the rest of town . By a fence .
• Email : mdsmith @ postmedia.com | Twitter : mariedanielles
Bond was set Friday for two men charged in a Lincoln homicide . Dominic Aguirre and Paul Clark learned they they both are charged with second degree murder for the death of 35 year old Phillip Madlock . His family reported Madlock missing in July of 2017 .
Aguirre and Clark were already in jail , on unrelated drug charges , when they learned of the murder charges . Lincoln Police Chief Jeff Bliemeister said earlier this week the two were charged after an investigation that gathered evidence from vehicles and buildings in Cass and Saunders counties in addition to Lincoln and Lancaster County . He said it 's believed that Madlock was killed in Lincoln , over a drug debt , and taken to another county . Bliemeister has not yet revealed whether the body has been located .
Bond for Aguirre and Clark was set at $ 1.5 Million . They 're scheduled to appear in court again on Monday .
Keeping tabs on a tabby 's tail can help pet owners understand their cat 's behaviour much better .
But you also must take into account the cat 's body language to fully understand what they are thinking about , University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine 's Carlos Siracusa tells National Geographic .
A tapping tail while a cat is napping is `` relaxed overall but paying attention to something happening around him , a sound or movement , '' said Siracusa . If the cat is actually sleeping , it could mean the cat is dreaming .
However , an alert cat that is whipping its tail could suggest nervousness and potential aggression . You would be wise to not touch the cat , Siracusa said .
A tail that is straight up with a curved tip means a cat is being friendly , while an aggressive cat may have its tale straight up .
A relaxed cat will `` carry his tail in a neutral or low position , '' adds Siracusa , while a downward curve can mean defensiveness .
Although figuring out tail movements and what they mean can be a bit tricky , cat 's legs tell owners what is really going on .
When a cat darts from one room to another for no apparent reason , sometimes called `` the zoomies , '' it may be due to accumulated arousal , frustration , fear , or pent-up energy , said Siracusa .
In their natural habitat , cats would be climbing trees and chasing prey if they were n't cooped up inside a home , which is low on stimulation .
And cats are more active at dawn and dusk , while the rest of the day they are storing up energy , usually by sleeping or dozing off .
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Though 77 percent of Americans surveyed said they feel guilty about it , food waste is a huge problem here in the United States . A 2016 Guardian report revealed that we throw half of our produce in the trash , which amounts to a staggering $ 160 billion dollars worth of produce a year .
Why do we think it 's OK to waste so much food ? One reason may be that it 's less expensive here than in other countries . Maybe that has something to do with why Americans do n't mind spending money on restaurant or take-out meals . According to a report on food prices and spending from the USDA , Americans spent 36.3 cents of every dollar on services provided by food service establishments , 15.2 cents to food processors , and 12.4 cents to food retailers , which amounts to an average of $ 3,008 per year spent on dining out , says the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
All this said , there 's a way Americans can easily cut down on waste and save some cash — they can literally and figuratively start warming up to leftovers .
Leftovers are a great way to save money if you remember to eat them , or even remember to put them away . Amy Shapiro , MS , RD , and CDN and owner of Real Nutrition NYC , says one of the biggest mistake she sees people make with their leftovers is leaving them out for too long . “ Leave leftovers out for no more than two hours at room temperature . Otherwise , bacteria grows , which is one of the biggest causes of foodborne Illness , ” she warns .
Other common ways to sabotage your leftover game are not labeling and dating them before putting them in the fridge ( so you forget how long you 've had them ) , not having a purpose for them ( or a set time in mind to reheat them ) so they sit in the refrigerator and spoil , and not regularly cleaning out your refrigerator , says Angela L. Murad , RDN , LD , wellness dietitian at the Mayo Clinic Healthy Living Program .
Leftover storage tips
Repackage and date your leftovers
Store leftovers in airtight containers and add a piece of masking tape to the lid to mark the date — this way you can be sure they 're eaten or tossed out within the proper time frame . Open canned foods should be repackaged , as well .
When properly refrigerated and stored , Murad says you can save :
Pizza for 3-4 days
Cooked seafood for 3-4 Days
Rice/pasta dishes without meat for 3-5 days
Cooked meats like steaks , pork and chicken for 3-4 days
Soups and stews for 3-4 days
Cooked vegetables for 3-4 days
Egg , chicken , ham , tuna & macaroni salads for 3-5 days
Temperature matters when storing/reheating
Shallow pans are the best way to cool warm food fast , before storing them to refrigerate , says Shapiro .
Your refrigerator temperature should be set below 40 degrees , ideally at 36-38 degrees . “ One out of four refrigerators are kept too warm , ” says Murad .
Avoid overfilling your refrigerator , because it prevents cool air from circulating around food and maintaining its proper temperature .
Reheat leftovers on the stove , in the oven or in the microwave until the food is nice and hot , with an internal temperature of at least 75 degrees .
Avoid reheating food in slow cookers — it heats food too slowly and harmful bacteria can grow .
When in doubt , throw it out
You ca n't always tell ( or smell ) when food is contaminated with bacteria — it does n't necessarily look spoiled to the naked eye . If , even for a second , you suspect your leftovers may have been sitting out or even in the fridge too long , better to toss them in the trash than take the chance and get sick .
If you have any questions or doubts about food and beverage storage times , Murad says The FoodKeeper app , developed by the USDA 's food safety and inspection , is helpful to have on hand for reference .
MORE HEALTHY HOME TIPS
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
A brewery has invited beer lovers to create their dream pint - by asking them to submit the most bizarre flavours they can think of .
The competition has been launched in the UK after enjoying success in Sweden where a Bourbon Barrel-Aged Jalapeño Imperial Stout was crowned as the top beer idea .
Other flavours put forward included raspberries and maple syrup .
Edinburgh based Innis & Gunn is searching for a beer lover with creative flair to collaborate on their next ‘ Imagine & Gunn ' limited edition barrel aged beer .
People will be able to share their flavour ideas to Innis & Gunn at www.innisandgunn.com until midnight on Friday , November 17 .
A shortlist will be put to a public vote to determine the winning brew , which will be announced in December .
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The European Union 's top five economies are warning the United States that its massive tax overhaul could violate some of its international obligations and risks having `` a major distortive impact '' on trade .
Greg Cote has been a Miami Herald sports columnist since 1995 and also writes the Random Evidence blog and NFL predictions along with his notorious sidekick the Upset Bird . He has covered Hurricanes football ( 1984-88 ) , the Dolphins ( 1990-91 ) and major events including Super Bowls , NBA Finals , World Series , Stanley Cup , Olympics and World Cup.Read Greg Cote 's Random Evidence blog at http : //blogs.herald.com/random_evidence/
Image copyright Banksy Image caption The graffiti was posted on Banksy 's official Instagram account
A Banksy mural on a Hull bridge will be moved into storage ahead of urgent works after a survey found the structure to be a hazard .
The mural on the disused raised bridge in Scott Street attracted hundreds of visitors after it appeared in January .
Hull City Council said it would be stored `` until it can be relocated adjacent to the original site '' .
While there is `` no risk to the public '' , the Grade II listed bridge is a danger to shipping and will be removed .
More on this and other Hull stories
Banksy 's stencilled design depicts a child wielding a wooden sword with a pencil attached to the end . Next to it is a caption that reads : `` Draw the raised bridge ! ''
Within days of its appearance , the artwork was defaced but then later saved by a window cleaner . A protective screen was then put over it by the authority .
Image caption A protective screen was installed over the mural after it was defaced
Scott Street Bridge has been permanently raised since it closed to vehicles in 1995 .
Council officials said both sides of the bridge had to be removed otherwise it would `` result in the closure '' of the River Hull .
Councillor Daren Hale said : `` It is absolutely heartbreaking that we must take this course of action .
`` The council has kept the bridge in place for as long as practically possible , but we have been advised that this is the only way to keep river traffic safe .
`` Since it was revealed that the artwork on the bridge is a Banksy , visitors have flocked to the site to appreciate this unique piece of work and a lively street art culture has grown up around it . ''
Mr Hale said the authority would hold talks with local arts groups on how the artwork should be redisplayed .
The work is expected to take up to six months .
Portuguese men of war are hitting SC beaches . Here 's what you need to know . Sullivan 's Island , South Carolina , is warning tourists ahead of the Memorial Day weekend to be on the lookout for Portuguese man-of-war and men-of-war . Several have been seen on the community 's popular beaches . Ashley Jean Reese Tybee Island Marine Science Center ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Sullivan 's Island , South Carolina , is warning tourists ahead of the Memorial Day weekend to be on the lookout for Portuguese man-of-war and men-of-war . Several have been seen on the community 's popular beaches . Ashley Jean Reese Tybee Island Marine Science Center
Hollywood has suffered another hack — and this one may have targeted `` Game of Thrones '' and other HBO shows .
Richard Plepler , HBO 's chairman and CEO , notified employees of the breach in a Monday morning email .
“ As most of you have probably heard by now , there has been a cyber incident directed at the company which has resulted in some stolen proprietary information , including some of our programming , ” he wrote .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed HBO Hackers Claim to Have 'Game of Thrones ' Documents 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ Any intrusion of this nature is obviously disruptive , unsettling , and disturbing for all of us . I can assure you that senior leadership and our extraordinary technology team , along with outside experts , are working round the clock to protect our collective interests . ''
The network is n't commenting on the scope of the breach or the specifics of what was stolen
`` HBO recently experienced a cyber incident , which resulted in the compromise of proprietary information . We immediately began investigating the incident and are working with law enforcement and outside cybersecurity firms . Data protection is a top priority at HBO , and we take seriously our responsibility to protect the data we hold , '' HBO said in a statement .
Material that has yet to air from `` Ballers '' and `` Room 104 '' has apparently been leaked online , according to reports . In addition , hackers may have taken written material allegedly from an upcoming episode of `` Game of Thrones , '' according to Entertainment Weekly . In total , EW reports hackers claim to have 1.5 terabyte of data . For some perspective , 1 TB can hold an estimated 500 hours worth of movies , according to a ballpark estimate from PC Ninja .
NBC News has not been able to independently verify these claims .
Game of Thrones Season 7 production still with Lena Headey , Nikolaj Coster-Waldau . Helen Sloan / HBO
It 's unclear who is behind the attack , however an anonymous email reportedly addressed to several reporters made them aware of the breach on Sunday .
“ Hi to all mankind . The greatest leak of cyberspace era is happening . What 's its name ? Oh I forget to tell . Its HBO and Game of Thrones…… ! ! ! ! ! ! You are lucky to be the first pioneers to witness and download the leak . Enjoy it & spread the words . Whoever spreads well , we will have an interview with him . HBO is falling , '' according to EW .
Plepler also said in his email that the `` problem before us is unfortunately all too familiar in the world we now find ourselves a part of . As has been the case with any challenge we have ever faced , I have absolutely no doubt that we will navigate our way through this successfully . ''
HBO joins the ranks of other Hollywood giants that have been under attack in recent years .
Netflix fell victim to hackers earlier this year when some episodes of `` Orange Is the New Black '' season five were leaked prior to the series ' June release date .
As far as entertainment industry hacks go , Sony suffered the biggest one yet in 2014 when thieves leaked personal information and email exchanges , some of which were between actors and executives . The hack was apparently prompted by the satirical film `` The Interview , '' in which a news crew scores an interview with Kim Jong-un — and is asked by the CIA to assassinate him .
However , it 's also worth a note of caution . Hackers are usually a braggadocios bunch who like to overstate their claims . Earlier this year , Disney was the target of a hoax , in which hackers claimed to have a copy of the newest `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' film in their possession .
Image copyright Getty Images
A London restaurant has denied accusations of racism by Raye .
The singer claims her friend was not allowed in to the Ivy Chelsea Garden because he 's black .
The restaurant says Raye 's friend was refused entry `` because he was wearing non-smart casual clothing '' .
Raye was upset because her white , female friend was allowed in wearing shorts and trainers - the same as her black friend - which the restaurant says was a `` mistake '' .
`` We 're not coming back to the Ivy again , it 's disgusting , it 's absolutely disgusting . It 's racist , '' Raye said in a video posted on Instagram .
The Ivy Chelsea says some of her group were `` not thought to be dressed appropriately '' and it was `` nothing to do with racism '' .
The restaurant said in a statement : `` The dress code for our restaurant is smart casual . We are sorry that this was not made clear on our website and other channels and this ambiguity has now been rectified .
`` The Ivy Chelsea Garden takes all allegations of racism extremely seriously and we will make sure that our dress code is explained to all guests so that this confusion does not happen again . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Raye and a friend had been at the gym before arriving at the Ivy , where she says she eats frequently .
`` The guy who was meant to be meeting us called me and was like : ' I 'm so sorry but they 're not letting me in ' , '' Raye said .
Raye says her friend was n't allowed in due to his trainers , but that plenty of other people were dressed `` casually '' .
She claims her white female friend , who accompanied her to the Ivy , was wearing shorts , trainers and a jumper and was allowed in .
In the Instagram video Raye compares what both her friends are wearing and accuses a member of staff of not letting one of them in because he 's black .
`` If your laws and rules are smart casual then you enforce that on everybody , white and black . You do n't pick and choose , '' Raye told Newsbeat .
At the time of the accusation the restaurant 's website said it had no dress code `` but our guests generally are smart casual '' .
That has since been updated to state that the dress code is smart casual .
Image caption Raye says her friend was allowed into the restaurant wearing shorts and trainers
`` I was honestly so upset , beyond words , '' Raye told Newsbeat .
`` We need to make light and make a fuss when these situations are happening because this happens all too much and it goes under the radar and nobody does anything about it , '' she said .
The Ivy Chelsea Garden is part of the Ivy Collection group of restaurants , which includes famous celebrity hangout The Ivy in Covent Garden .
It describes itself as `` sophisticated yet approachable '' and `` casual yet polished '' , and says it can be found in `` carefully selected locations '' around the country .
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram , Facebook and Twitter .
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here .
It 's clear that to this point , McCullar had been primarily a regional prospect in Texas and north through the Midlands . However , Buzz Williams 's connections to the Lone Star State should still provide a bit of a connection to McCullar . A scoring guard who like the midrange pull-up off the dribble , he 's a type of player that VT does n't have many of : that can be a blessing ( path to playing time with a skillset unique to the roster ) or a curse ( no clear evidence of a role for it in the offense ) . It 's the coaching staff 's job to sell him on the former , rather than the latter .
NA Piarsaigh bid for a sixth successive Limerick Premier U-21 Hurling title this Tuesday evening .
The all-conquering Caherdavin men play Doon in the final of the Mint Catering sponsored championship . Throw-in is 7.30 .
This evening 's final will be the third successive decider for this pairing .
Doon are bidding to end the monopoly of Na Piarsaigh and Kilmallock in the premier U-21 grade . The duo won the last 11 title between them .
Doon , back in 2005 , were the last club to win this title , outside of Na Piarsaigh and Kilmallock .
This Tuesday evening , Na Piarsaigh will be appearing in their eighth successive final – losing in 2011 in Kilmallock but winning all others .
In total , the city club have 11 titles at this grade , while Doon have four .
Na Piarsaigh will be hoping that Peter Casey will line-out . The inter-county man missed Limerick 's Allianz Hurling League semi final defeat to Galway on Sunday with a foot injury .
Others key to Na Piarsaigh are Ronan Lynch , Thomas Grimes , Conor Boylan , Mike Andrews and Kieran Daly .
Doon will look to Barry Murphy , Eoghan McNamara , Thomas Hayes and Shane O'Connell .
Three years ago at minor level , Na Piarsaigh were beaten in the county final , after a replay , by Ahane .
Elsewhere in the U-21 grade , on Bank Holiday Monday , Killeedy-Tournafulla were crowned county U-21 ‘ A ' hurling champions with a 1-18 to 0-16 win over Grange .
Paudie Aherne led the way with 0-13 ( nine from play ) for the west Limerick amalgamation in their five point win over Grange - a team back-boned with Bruff players , with two Fedamore men in their panel .
IN LINE WITH NSW : The Queen 's Birthday public holiday now is held in October . WILL OLIVER
OCTOBER .
And Southerners tend to get that little ahead of themselves .
Oh well , at least we have finally started taking the same Monday off in October now with most of them ... at least until the next State election .
It 's an irritation . But not the fact that hard-working employees get a day off . It just seems that almost every time we start to enjoy a public holiday , some business group or economist puts a dampener on it .
Another one of those killjoy reports surfaced last week . Another industry group calling for a reduction in the number of public holidays enjoyed by Australians .
It 's an irritation because the facts do not support the whinging . At 10 national public holidays , Australia sits at the lower end when compared to many other countries . We have , in terms of some countries often touted as our major trade partners and competitors , fewer public holidays .
Sri Lanka has top spot internationally , at 25 annual days off . It 's an economic minnow , so any comparison with that country would n't be fair . But how do we stack up against other members of the G20 ?
Setting aside the EU as a G20 member , of the other 19 individual states represented , Australia does rather poorly in terms of national days off . Only Canada and the Saudis have fewer public holidays than we do .
At 10 days , we share the second lowest number with four other G20 members including the United States and those highly efficient Germans .
Even the workaholic Chinese and Japanese ( who even have a word `` Karoshi ” to describe death by overwork ) rank higher than we do at 17 and 15 days respectively .
So , given this data , I fail to see how the argument that we need to reduce our number of public holidays holds any water whatsoever . If , from a totally Queensland perspective , public holidays are the cause of too much industry disruption then it 's because the State Government continually plays table tennis with one day in particular . Depending on which party is in power , we 've seen a disruptive fluidity with the Queen 's Birthday being held in either June or October and Labour Day being held in either May or October .
Looking forward , it 's not time off that is threatening this country 's economic stability . Much has been said in recent years of technological advancements , digital disruption and robotics all impacting on people 's employment . Business buying a couple of machines to replace a large chunk of the human workforce might be seen as a way to improve the bottom line in some respects but what do you do with all the idle humans ?
And to what ultimate financial benefit is gained by business if the masses are unemployed or lowly paid and thus have minimal spending power ? A mass roll-out of government spending cards certainly would n't help .
I am yet to see any attention being really given by government or industry to this likely scenario . The number of public holidays we currently enjoy seems a trivial concern .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095187 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095187 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
6:45a
Panthers Quarterback Cam Newton has been fired from his gig as a spokesperson for Dannon . What does Dannon sell ?
American Express is suing Iggy Azalea over unpaid credit card bills . She supposedly owes exactly $ 299,147.81 . What is the American Express slogan ?
Matt Damon is 47 today . Which of his movies came first , Good Will Hunting , Saving Private Ryan or Rounders ?
Jackie Chan says Rush Hour 4 is about to happen… if his co-star will sign the contract . Who plays Chan 's partner in the Rush Hour series ?
Rumors are flying that NSYNC will reunite with Justin Timberlake during the 2018 Superbowl halftime show . Name all NSYNC members .
7:45a
Maroon 5 has a new album coming out called Red Pill Blues , and the title is a reference to The Matrix . In The Matrix , the name of the artificial intelligence program inside the Matrix that Neo fought was called Agent ____ .
Tyra Banks has split from boyfriend after 5 years . Which reality competition show is she currently hosting ?
Brooke Shields revealed right after his split with Marla Maples , Trump asked her out using this line , ‘ I really think we should date because you 're America 's sweetheart and I 'm America 's richest man and the people would love it. ” Shields had a recurring guest role on That 70s Show as whom ?
My Little Pony : The Movie hits theaters today starring the voices of Emily Blunt , Zoe Saldana , and even Sia . What are adult male “ My Little Pony ” fans referred to as ?
Tyrese is blaming The Rock for Fast and Furious 9 being delayed a year . He claims it 's because The Rock wants to do a spin-off movie about his character first . What is the name of The Rock 's character in the franchise ?
8:45a
Jennifer Garner has been getting back into “ action lady ” shape , but there 's no word if it 's for a movie . What actor did Jennifer divorce who she 'd been married to since 2005 ?
Astrophysicist Neil Degrasse Tyson does n't like the ending of Titanic because Jack did n't try hard enough . What was the name of Kate Winslett 's character in the film ?
Jake Gyllenhaal plays the dad of an interracial family in a new ad for Calvin Klein 's Eternity fragrance . What is the name of his sister who is also an actor ?
Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green still let their 5-year-old son Noah wear whatever he wants , even if it 's a Frozen dress . What FX show was Austin Green in with Charlie Sheen on that aired for exactly 100 episodes ?
Sam Smith just dropped a new song called “ Pray. ” What year did Sam Smith win four Grammys ? 2013 or 2015 ?
Can they beat Kennedy ?
Injured Welsh flanker Sam Warburton , part of the BBC 's punditry team in Cardiff , says he `` ca n't defend '' Wales ' fourth try in the 34-7 Six Nations win over Scotland .
TV replays show Hadleigh Parkes ' pass to try-scorer Steff Evans was forward .
Could the resulting bonus point prove crucial in the tournament ?
WATCH MORE : Highlights : Wales 34-7 Scotland
Available to UK users only .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' video_channel '' : `` 186 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095050 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' video_channel '' : `` 186 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095050 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
Image copyright Getty Images
Two leading cabinet ministers have said that the UK will not remain in the single market or customs union during the transitional period planned for immediately after leaving the European Union .
The UK government is now set to spell out its aims for new customs arrangements .
But what is the difference between a free trade area , single market and a customs union ?
SINGLE MARKET
You can be in the EU 's Single Market , but not the EU , this is what Norway , Iceland and Liechtenstein do .
The European Union 's single market is perhaps the most ambitious type of trade co-operation . That 's because as well as eliminating tariffs , quotas or taxes on trade , it also includes the free movement of goods , services , capital and people .
That is why there has been no limit on the number of French people who can come to the UK , or the number of British people who can live in Spain - but there are limits on Turks or Ukrainians , for example .
Also , a single market strives to remove so-called `` non-tariff barriers '' - different rules on packaging , safety and standards and many others are abolished and the same rules and regulations apply across the area .
Financial services
There are EU-wide regulations covering a whole host of industries and products on everything from food standards and the use of chemicals to working hours and health and safety . It is an attempt to create a level playing field and a single market ; this does not happen in a free trade zone .
Image caption A customs union means the Ireland/Northern Ireland border would remain open and easy to cross
For goods , the single market was largely completed in 1992 , but the market for services remains a work in progress a quarter of a century later . The EU has promised to introduce it many times , but several countries have dragged their feet and it is much more complicated than creating a single market for say , cars or computers . Even so , the City of London dominates financial services in the EU not least because it can do business in every member country .
The EU is therefore not just a free trade area - it is a single market .
But to stay in the single market , countries have to allow the free movement of goods , services , capital and people . That last one means immigration is difficult if not impossible to control - although the UK might get a special deal to allow some limits .
Membership of the single market also normally involves making annual payments towards the EU 's budget and accepting the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice , which would cross quite a few red lines for many Brexiteers .
CUSTOMS UNION
Turkey is part of a customs union with the EU but not in the single market . The deal does not cover food or agriculture , services or government procurement .
The EU is not only a single market - it is also a customs union . The countries club together and agree to apply the same tariffs to goods from outside the union .
Once goods have cleared customs in one country , they can be shipped to others in the union without further tariffs being imposed .
However , that means exporters have to contend with what are called rules of origin , to demonstrate that their goods qualify as having originated in their country and were not only imported from Japan or America , for instance , and then exported immediately tariff-free into the EU .
Fish factor
That could be complicated for many companies that import components from around the world to put into finished products made in the UK .
Image copyright Christopher Furlong Image caption Some industries , such as fisheries , could be exempted from a free trade area depending on negotiations
Also services are a huge part of the British economy , 78 % , and are not totally covered by a customs union because they tend to face `` non tariff '' barriers .
Still the UK could opt to leave the single market but stay in the customs union , but that does mean it could n't negotiate free trade deals with other countries , the EU does that .
It might also mean paying money to the EU and accepting ECJ judgements when they relate to trade and it is unlikely to cover farm produce or fish since the UK would not be in the Common Agricultural Policy or Common Fisheries Policy .
A customs union does however have one big advantage , it means the Ireland/Northern Ireland border would remain open and easy to cross .
FREE TRADE AREA
If we left both the single market and the customs union we could negotiate a free trade deal with the EU . A free trade area is one where there are no tariffs or taxes or quotas on goods and/or services from one country entering another .
The negotiations to establish them can take years and there are normally exceptions .
So agriculture and fisheries might be exempted , certain industries protected and some goods may not be covered .
Irish issues
Services like banking and education also pose a problem in many free trade deals , as the barrier to trading services are not normally tariffs , but so called non-tariff barriers like different rules , standards and qualifications .
So the negotiations can be very long and complicated and the result can still leave many barriers to trade .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The UK is Ireland 's biggest trading partner
There is a free trade zone in Europe and we helped to create it : EFTA , the European Free Trade Association . It counts Norway , Iceland , Switzerland and Liechtenstein as members , but they now have a very close relationship with the EU ; all but Switzerland are part of the single market .
The EU also has free trade arrangements with many other countries around the world ; so it is not against negotiating one with the UK in principle , but compared with staying in the single market or the customs union this would be the `` hardest '' form of Brexit . It would also almost certainly mean border controls including between Ireland and Northern Ireland .
This week alone , the digital currency Bitcoin surged $ 5,000 to a new high of $ 18,000 before correcting back to $ 15,000 . The cryptocurrency is up nearly 2,000 percent over the year . If you had invested $ 100 in January , it would be worth $ 2,000 today .
Nobody knows why it 's up so much , but everyone wants in . From bus drivers to grandmothers to first-time investors , Bitcoin is the year 's hottest commodity .
Related : Middle America is crazy in love with Bitcoin
Chen Wu , an associate professor of finance at the University of Texas at Tyler , said that the price of Bitcoin is becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy .
`` Much of the latest surge in Bitcoin prices is nothing more than a self-feeding mania , or FOMO , fear of missing out , '' he told NBC News in an email . `` The more the media report Bitcoin price topping — whether it 's $ 10,000 or $ 16,000 — the more short-term speculators want to move in , and this in turn drives it even higher . It 's reminiscent of the Dutch tulip mania in the 17th century and the dotcom bubble of the late 1990s . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed From cash to Bitcoin : the evolution of payments 2:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After starting the year at around $ 800 , Bitcoin has risen and then fallen on several occasions , each time recovering and going on to new highs . In May , it more than doubled , hitting $ 2,000 . In August , it broke $ 4,000 for the first time .
The price is highly volatile in the still relatively small capitalization market where it 's easy for an individual or small group transaction to have an outsize impact on the market . Double-digit percent crashes within a short period of time are n't uncommon .
Related : Bitcoin pays for entire wedding as its price soars past $ 16,000
On Dec. 18 , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange will begin offering Bitcoin futures that would allow people to bet on the price itself of Bitcoin . And institutional investors who are barred from investing directly in an asset like Bitcoins could finally take part .
More conservative money that had been watching the price rise and sitting on the sidelines could get in on the action . Some futures were betting the price of Bitcoin might hit $ 10,000 by the end of the year . It 's since beaten those odds handily .
In a sign of the times , Craigslist sellers this week can now click a checkbox to indicate that they accept cryptocurrency as payment .
The South Korea connection
Despite only being a fraction of the world economy , South Korea has been a major driver of Bitcoin . When the cryptocurrency first hit $ 10,000 , it was on South Korean exchanges .
South Korea already had one of the most active markets for foreign currency speculative trading , and Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are just the latest way to play . But it 's reached enough of a fever pitch that the prime minister recently weighed in to warn that Bitcoin could corrupt the nation 's young people .
`` This can lead to serious distortion or social pathological phenomena , if left unaddressed , '' said Lee Nak-yeon . “ There are cases in which young Koreans are jumping in to make quick money , and virtual currencies are used in illegal activities like drug dealing or multilevel marketing for frauds . ”
Bitcoin bubble ?
Financial planners and industry leaders are bearish on the phenomenon , warning of an eventual crash .
“ You ca n't value Bitcoin because it 's not a value-producing asset , '' famed investor Warren Buffett recently told Marketwatch . `` It 's a real bubble in that sort of thing . ”
Other experts warn of behavior on some of the unregulated online exchanges that allow for `` wash trading . '' Banned on U.S. stock exchanges , it 's essentially when investors sell an asset to themselves . When done repeatedly it can create the illusion of heightened demand and drive the price up .
Or boom ?
For now , investors , many of them small-time , are just enjoying the rush .
New Jersey ironworker Greg Salerno , 40 , was one of those who got into Bitcoin early . He told several of his fellow ironworkers about it , and a handful began to invest as well .
This week , one of them cashed out for $ 300,000 , tipping Salerno $ 2,000 for the advice . Another pulled up to the job site this week in a brand new $ 70,000 truck , his purchase fueled by over $ 800,000 in Bitcoin gains .
`` It feels nice so that these guys are n't left behind . These opportunities do n't come around too often , '' Salerno told NBC News .
For his part , Salerno is n't cashing out to upgrade his ride any time soon . Unlike Bitcoin , trucks are a depreciating asset .
`` I 'm not selling , '' he said . `` If they went a quarter million I might sell a couple just to have something . Other than that , I 'm all in . ''
LOS ANGELES — As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles , Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by .
When her phone buzzes , she quickly dons a neon vest , hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown .
Earth-movers are diverted , and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team . Her heart beats faster because there 's a chance she 'll uncover what she calls “ the big find . ”
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert . She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city 's west side .
“ They 're making sure that they 're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up , ” Leger said of her team of monitors . “ They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation . ”
Since work on the extension began in 2014 , fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age , about 10,000 years ago .
They include a partial rabbit jaw , mastodon tooth , camel foreleg , bison vertebrae , and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse .
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago , shortly after construction began on the project 's second phase . She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors .
“ It looks big , ” he told her .
The next morning , Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull .
It turned out to be much more . After 15 hours of painstaking excavation , the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth .
“ It 's an absolute dream come true for me , ” said Leger , who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles . “ It 's the one fossil you always want to find in your career . ”
California 's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites .
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s , when work started on the city 's inaugural line , said Dave Sotero , spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority .
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project 's cost , he said . When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed , work on the project continues , albeit in a different location .
“ Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs . We get out of their way , ” Sotero said , adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered , construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site .
From there , the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles ' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum , home to one of America 's most fossil-rich sites .
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a “ pretty remarkable find , ” noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A. , there have been only about 30 mammoths .
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair , the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached . It 's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum 's glass-walled Fossil Lab .
With a nod to Hollywood , the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden , for the actress Hayden Panettiere , featured in the TV series “ Nashville ” and “ Heroes . ”
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull .
Similar endeavours have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities .
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a grey whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells .
Last year , crews working on a development near Boston 's seaport uncovered a 50-foot ( 15-meter ) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century .
Lindsey praised California 's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap , while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s .
“ Most of the past is below the ground , so you 're only going to find it when you dig , ” she said . “ As the city grows , I 'm sure we 'll find more exciting fossil material . ”
——
Follow Christopher Weber at https : //twitter.com/WeberCM .
Have you seen Samantha McInnis ? The 27-year-old Angus woman has n't been seen since June 21st and family are concerned . Samantha is described as :
Female , white
5 ' , thin build
Brown hair , possibly coloured at the ends
Blue eyes
Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective P. Butera of the Barrie Police Criminal Investigation Division at 705-725-7025 , ext . 2129 or pbutera @ barriepolice.ca .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump tweets : 'Fake news media ' pushes 'conspiracy theories ' 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
President Donald Trump blamed `` conspiracy theories and blind hatred '' — and an attempt to `` cover-up '' for Hillary Clinton 's failed presidential campaign — in a series of tweets Wednesday morning as he tried to distance himself from any links to Russia .
Related : Putting the Pieces of the Russia Story Together
Trump tweeted that the `` fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' and added that `` this Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign . ''
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Trump and Clinton sparred during the campaign over U.S. intelligence reports that said Moscow was involved in the cyberattacks meant to influence the 2016 presidential election — and help Trump win the White House .
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @ MSNBC & @ CNN are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is great ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Trump for weeks questioned the veracity of those reports before finally acknowledging in a news conference days before he was sworn in that he believes Russia was behind the hacks .
But the White House 's connection with the Kremlin — and how deep it runs — remains under scrutiny , which has only ramped up this week
Ex-National Security Adviser Mike Flynn on Monday night resigned after admitting to misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior administration officials about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office .
Those phone calls included talking about the hacking-related sanctions imposed by the Obama administration against Russia for allegedly meddling in the election .
Related : A Timeline of Mike Flynn 's Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Pence went on news outlets to repeatedly back up Flynn , but the Department of Justice had warned the White House in January about the national security adviser 's communications — and that he opened himself up to be the subject of Russian blackmail .
The fallout led Flynn to resign Monday at the request of Trump .
Democrats have called for an independent investigation into the chain of events involving the scandal , but Republicans have so far resisted doing so .
The New York Times raised further questions Tuesday night in a report that said intercepted phone calls by American law enforcement revealed Trump campaign officials had repeated contact with Russian intelligence in the year leading up to the election .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed In wake of Michael Flynn 's resignation , questions mount 3:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That report sent Brian Fallon , who served as Clinton 's presidential campaign spokesman , in a tizzy on Twitter .
`` Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true , '' he wrote . `` This is a colossal scandal . ''
The Times reported that there is no evidence that there was any cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Russians over influencing the election . NBC News has not confirmed the details in the report .
Trump on Wednesday took swipes at the intelligence community for `` illegally '' leaking information to `` failing '' newspaper outlets .
He directed other tweets focusing on whether it was the Obama administration that was `` too soft '' on Russia and calling it `` un-American '' to leak classified information .
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration . Was Obama too soft on Russia ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by `` intelligence '' like candy . Very un-American ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Meanwhile , former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort — who resigned in August amid questions about his ties to pro-Russia interests in Ukraine — told NBC News on Wednesday that `` I had no contact knowingly with Russian intelligence officials . ''
Manafort was reportedly one of the Trump campaign officials whose communications were investigated by the FBI , according to The Times .
`` I do n't think it 's possible I could have even inadvertently had discussions with Russian officials , '' he added . `` It 's not like they wear badges . The story is not true . ''
Trump was scheduled to hold a news conference at noon Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is visiting the White House . The meeting could help shape several policies involving the Middle East , from security to settlements .
`` Never gon na give you up , never gon na let you down , '' Rick Astley sings in his 1987 hit . But the voting machine the song was blaring from at the Def Con security conference in Las Vegas sure did .
Hackers were able to successfully `` Rick-Roll '' a WinVote voting machine at the Def Con cybersecurity conference this weekend . Video of the hack , which was shared on Twitter , provides a stunning reminder of how nothing is ever truly safe from hackers .
The WinVote is now the newest music playing device in the village ! # DEFCON # votingvillage pic.twitter.com/litn3YhaOX — DEFCON VotingVillage ( @ VotingVillageDC ) July 29 , 2017
`` The need for us to get our act together on cybersecurity and get much better at it is becoming very acute , '' Michael Daniel , president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama Administration , told NBC News .
Related : Las Vegas is More Hackable Than Ever — But It May be a Good Thing
From connected home devices to voting machines and cars , thousands of hackers spent the past week in Las Vegas sharing research and discussing the future of hacking at the Black Hat and Def Con security conferences . But this year 's message was striking : We have to do better .
A conference attendee checks the schedule on his phone as he waits for a keynote address during the Black Hat information security conference in Las Vegas on July 26 . Steve Marcus / Reuters
Finding the problems is the relatively easier part . The harder part , according to security professionals , is designing defenses .
The research presented is essentially a glimpse into the future and `` tells us what is going to happen in the next 12 to 18 to 24 months out , '' said Jeremiah Grossman , chief of security at SentinelOne .
`` In many ways , the attack research is easy . Now we need to start designing and deploying the defenses , '' he said . `` That is the hard part . That 's where we need time . But if we do n't talk about the attacks , when it 's not allowed , that 's when we have problems . ''
Grossman was referring to a Moroccan hacker living in France who was reportedly denied entry to the United States to give a scheduled Black Hat talk .
The public 's perception of hacking — what it is and how it can harm people — has also undergone a metamorphosis in the past year . While there will likely always be black hat hackers who are happy to snag your credit card information and passwords , there 's also an intense focus on how other countries may be using hacking to — say — meddle in an election .
`` Cyber operations and the use of cyber capabilities as a tool of state craft is here to stay . It is a fact of life in the 21st century and one of the things we as societies need to figure out , '' Daniel said . `` We need to figure out how to get some rules of the road surrounding the use of those capabilities so they do n't become inherently destabilizing to the international system . ''
With the fake news scourge and bots running rampant online , Chris Wysopal , chief technology officer at Veracode , said the security community can use its expertise to help .
`` It 's not something we traditionally think about — people using info systems to target individuals with fake news or whatever , '' Wysopal said . `` Usually intelligence agencies think about nation states and we do n't , but I think we could have a role to play there on how systems can be misused to manipulate people . ''
`` It 's a little too new for this community to start doing anything about it , but hopefully by the next election we can start thinking about designing systems that can detect when you are being targeted by a bot , '' he told NBC News .
Why it matters to you Smart solution to the problem of germs spreading in public spaces is low cost , but ingenious .
From ultraviolet light-emitting door handles to superbug-zapping robots , there are plenty of smart solutions that are being employed to try and cut down on the spread of germs in places such as hospitals . A new approach created by researchers from the U.K. offers another , low-cost way around the problem : A door-mounted textile that disinfects itself after being touched . Called Surfaceskins , the specially engineered textile is designed to replace the aluminum door plate that , in a busy thoroughfare , can be touched hundreds of times a day .
“ The problem we 're solving is one that I think everyone can identify with — and that 's not wanting to touch a dirty door or surface , ” creator Adam Walker told Digital Trends . “ Most people at some point in their lives have probably shoulder-barged or push-kicked open a door to avoid touching it . That 's where the idea originated from . I was in a surgery about seven or eight years ago , and the experience of dealing with this problem made me think that there must be a better way of solving this issue to reduce the spread of germs . ”
The idea behind Surfaceskins is relatively simple , although the effect could be profound . Combining three separate nonwoven textiles , the antibacterial door pads dispense a tiny quantity of alcohol gel whenever they are touched . This alcohol gel — the same kind that you find in dispensers in places like hospitals — is forced out of the pad through tiny pores on its surface . This disinfects the pad in just seconds , leaving it clean for the next person who needs to use the door .
The gel-dispensing pads last for 1,000 uses or a maximum of seven days , and can be easily replaced .
“ Competitive products on the market — such as copper , nanosilvers , and antimicrobials — are great , but they can take 6-10 hours to work , ” Walker continued . “ That 's of little use on a frequently touched door . The solution to the problem , therefore , had to be something that would kill bacteria instantly , which moved us toward alcohol gel. ” In tests , the pads were shown to reduce bacteria levels by 90 percent . While Walker stresses that these are not a replacement for existing hygiene precautions , they could certainly help in the continuing battle against infection .
Surfaceskins are developed by a spinoff company from the U.K. 's University of Leeds . Walker said that he is already working with distributors and hopes that these smart pads will soon show up everywhere from hospitals and dental chains to cruise ships and restaurants .
Image caption Hawick High School is one of three schools rated as being in `` poor '' condition
An assessment has found three Borders secondary schools have major defects or are in constant need of repair .
The sites in Galashiels , Hawick and Selkirk were all graded as `` poor '' by the study of their condition .
The report also looked at Peebles High School which was rated as `` adequate '' with only minor repairs needed .
It is part of a wider study by Scottish Borders Council looking at the shape of education provision across the region for years to come .
Image copyright Mary and Angus Hogg Image caption Galashiels Academy was another school highlighted in the report
The four schools were each rated from A to D with A signifying the building was performing well but D meaning its economic life had expired .
Galashiels Academy , Hawick High School and Selkirk High School were graded at C with Peebles High School given a B .
Donna Manson , director of children 's and young people 's services , said : `` It is the ambition of children and young people 's services that all four of these secondary school learning environments are replaced or substantially improved at the earliest possible opportunity .
`` Ideally , this timeframe would not stretch beyond 15 years .
`` This aim is to ensure that the secondary school provision across the region is not only graded A for condition and suitability but will also provide the learning opportunities and experience that young people require to reach their full potential in the Scottish Borders . ''
Nationally , the condition of 83 % of secondary schools in Scotland are rated as either A or B , with just 59 , including the three Borders schools , receiving a C rating .
Speaking about Strovolos ' murder case , the Attorney General , Costas Klerides , highlighted that the the state legal service has been briefed on the investigation process on Monday , April 23th .
“ However , there is a lot of work still to be done ” , Clerides said , “ since cases of this kind are extremely perplexing ” .
Responding to coroner 's Marios Matsakis accusations , Clerides pointed out that the state legal service is not responsible for the work carried out so far by forensic investigators .
Costas Clerides said that he is very concerned because Cyprus ' murder rate soars .
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — Several pigs that were left four years ago on a small island within the California Delta have become the center of residents ' debate after an animal-rights group took them off the island .
The Sacramento Bee reports ( http : //bit.ly/2rrcszq ) 10 people from Farm Sanctuary used a trailer and barge on Tuesday to ferry six pigs off the island under the landowner 's permission . Susie Coston , the group 's national shelter director , says the pigs were not in good health and were being mistreated , but residents in the area disagree .
Several boaters have been feeding the pigs and say on the island , the animals are truly `` free . ''
Delta boater Erlyn Lucas-Payne says the pigs were `` stolen , '' not `` rescued . '' But Coston says the pigs starved in the winter and were fed beer in the summer .
The pigs were taken to UC Davis for veterinary care .
___
Information from : The Sacramento Bee , http : //www.sacbee.com
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Adrien Rabiot has spoken of his desire to play in the Premier League – and revealed that he was a boyhood Liverpool fan .
The France international , aged 22 , insists he is happy at Parc des Princes for now , but would love to move to England one day .
It sounds like Jurgen Klopp 's Reds will be in pole position to sign Rabiot when he does decide to make the switch because he grew up supporting the club , though the player insists his Premier League dream is not dependent on a transfer to Anfield .
He told French broadcaster RMC : “ There are a lot of very good leagues . It 's also enriching to go elsewhere , but for the moment I 'm happy at PSG .
“ I would love to play in the Premier League . There 's not necessarily any club in particular , even though when I was young I was a big Liverpool fan . ”
Rabiot is a PSG academy product and has clocked up 167 appearances for the Ligue 1 giants since making his debut as a 17-year-old under Carlo Ancelotti in 2012 .
The box-to-box midfielder has scored 19 goals for the club .
He has clocked up 10 appearances and two goals already this season , despite the influx of talent at big-spending PSG .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
The Tigers started the game receiving the ball , they did get a few yards before an interception by the Cavaliers who went on to score their first touchdown of the game .
The Tigers received the ball again after the touchdown , trying their hardest to get the ball down the field , but the Cavaliers were quick on their feet stopping their advance . At the end of the first quarter the Cavaliers lead the Tigers 21-0 .
With every possession of the ball the Tigers were stopped by the Cavaliers , who seemed to be on top of their game tonight . When the half ended with the Cavaliers leading the Tigers 35-0 .
The second half of the game was like the first half with The Chillicothe Cavaliers dominating the game . They ended up getting three more touchdowns winning the game 56-0 .
The head coach for the Tigers Jeremy Andrews stated , “ With all the injuries and all that the guys played better . Hopefully it will be a better game next week against Washington Court House . ”
Tina Johnson is a stringer for The Times-Gazette .
McClain QB Justin Osborne rolls to his right trying to find a passing lane against the stingy Cavaliers defense on Friday in Chillicothe . McClain QB Justin Osborne rolls to his right trying to find a passing lane against the stingy Cavaliers defense on Friday in Chillicothe .
Gene Ormsby has left Huddersfield Giants by mutual consent .
The winger joined the club on a permanent basis from Warrington midway through the 2016 season but failed to establish himself at the club during that spell .
The 25-year-old made just four appearances for the Giants last season and has now left the club after coming to terms on his release with the club .
Huddersfield 's Managing Director Richard Thewlis said : “ We wish Gene every success for the future and thank him for his time with us .
“ The reality is that his move to the Claret and Gold did n't really work out as everyone would have wanted and it was felt by all that a fresh start was the best way forward for both the player and the club . ”
COPENHAGEN , Denmark ( AP ) — Denmark 's prime minister says a letter from President Donald Trump accusing Danes of not spending enough on NATO has `` a unilateral focus on military spending as a percentage of the gross domestic product on defense . ''
Ahead of a July 11-12 NATO summit , Trump sent letters to several NATO allies demanding they boost their defense spending .
In an email Wednesday to The Associated Press , Danish Prime Minister Lars Loekke Rasmussen said he `` was not surprised by the letter '' where Trump wrote `` the United States is increasingly unwilling to ignore the European failure to meet shared security commitments . ''
After Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in 2014 , NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets and start moving toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade .
SAN FRANCISCO — The firing of James Damore , the author of the so-called `` Google Manifesto , '' is highlighting the issue of exactly what you can and ca n't say in the workplace .
Damore 's 10-page document , which was posted on internal message boards at Google , claims to explain why more women are n't in engineering positions , chalking up the disparity to `` biological '' differences , including generalizations that women do n't tend to handle stress well and are more neurotic .
Related : Google Manifesto Hits a Nerve in Silicon Valley
The document went viral over the weekend after its existence was first mentioned by Motherboard and then it was published in full by Gizmodo .
Damore told NBC News he was `` wrongfully terminated '' on Monday for `` perpetuating gender stereotypes '' and said he believed his firing was `` for political reasons . ''
`` The culture is very left-leaning and just intolerant of anyone that holds a differing opinion , '' he said in an interview over Skype .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fired Google engineer James Damore defends his manifesto about diversity 2:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He also wrote that `` As far as I know , I have a legal right to express my concerns about the terms and conditions of my working environment and to bring up potentially illegal behavior , which is what my document does . ''
Before he was fired , he added , he wrote to the National Labor Relations Board about how `` Google 's upper management is misrepresenting and shaming me in order to silence my complaints . It 's illegal to retaliate against a NLRB charge . ''
`` I think what they did was illegal and I 'm currently exploring all possible legal remedies , '' he said .
While Americans enjoy citing their First Amendment right to freedom of speech , there are some boundaries in the workplace .
`` Free speech in the workplace is a little different than free speech in the public space , '' said Brian Kropp , human resources practice leader at CEB , a consultancy firm that was just acquired by Gartner .
`` In the workplace , you 're not just a representative of yourself , you 're a representative of the organization , '' Kropp noted . `` The organization has a right to monitor your speech [ in the workplace ] and fire you for things the organization feels as inappropriate . And you , as an employee , have a right to work for that organization or not . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Google employee fired over memo railing against diversity efforts 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But employees are allowed to talk about working conditions , employment terms , and criticize their employers ' practices , said Lisa Klerman , a professor of law at the University of Southern California and an employment mediator .
That 's , of course , as long as they 're not airing those grievances in a damaging way , such as graffiti on company property , she said .
Related : Google Employee 's Anti-Diversity Manifesto on Women 's ‘ Neuroticism ' Goes Viral
The consensus within Google is that while not everyone may agree with Damore , some of the points in his memo regarding affirmative action , freedom of ideology , and Google 's diversity program are fair to debate .
`` What is not OK is statements that are racist or sexist or poke fun at somebody 's disability or harass someone for being old — even making joking comments about any of these things in a way employees feel would be hostile or insulting , '' Klerman told NBC News .
While the experts NBC News spoke with all believed Damore 's situation raises possible legal questions , they also agreed that his termination may have saved Google from a potentially larger problem .
`` There 's a legal question , 'Did he do anything legally wrong ? ' '' Kropp asked . `` It does n't appear he actively discriminated against someone , even if he thought it . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode ' Editor : Google Employee 's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` The real issue was what would have happened if they did n't fire him . Who would want to work with him ? '' he said . `` At the end of the day , they had to fire him , because if they did n't , it would have created a lot more problems that would have been more damaging . ''
Klerman said it 's `` fairly common '' for employees to be fired for making racist or sexist comments and that in this case , there would have been `` more harm by not taking action . ''
Damore said he was trying to make a point : `` I 'm not just attacking diversity , I 'm just attacking the fact that we ca n't honestly discuss any of these issues and that is actually hurting the problem . ''
Google CEO Sundar Pichai told employees in a Monday night e-mail that portions of the so-called manifesto violated Google 's code of conduct and crossed the line by advancing gender stereotypes in the workplace .
`` To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK , '' Pichai wrote .
He also made it clear that Google fosters an environment that encourages expression , and those with a minority viewpoint ca n't be discounted . He plans to hold a town hall with employees Thursday .
`` I 'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own , '' he wrote . `` I will be doing the same . ''
Alyssa Newcomb reported from San Francisco , Jo Ling Kent reported from Los Angeles
Image copyright Google Image caption Police say the first attack happened outside the Three Elms in Drew Street Brixham
A murder investigation has been launched over the death of a man who was attacked twice after watching an England football match .
The 49-year-old man , who has not been named , was attacked just before midnight on Thursday 28 June in Drew Street , Brixham .
He suffered serious injuries as a result of the attack and died in Derriford Hospital on Tuesday .
A man in his 20s was interviewed and released pending further enquiries .
More stories from Devon
Officers say there was another attack outside the Crown and Anchor Pub on Brixham Quayside later the same night .
It was the same night England lost to Belgium in the final group match of the World Cup .
When we first saw the Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat , we were all very impressed , if not a little bewildered , at just how much horsepower was crammed under the hood . Apart from wondering how it handled both in the real-world and on the track , at no point were we thinking , “ Wow that 's something . I wonder if they 'll ever add even more power . ”
Well , someone at Dodge did just that . And as if the devil himself fiendishly put the idea into the heads of the engineers , the Dodge Challenger Demon was born .
Doing a 10-second quarter-mile run in the Demon is like skydiving sideways .
With a promise of 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque , the Challenger Demon has been presented first and foremost as a car made to smoke the competition at the drag strip .
We 've driven the Challenger Hellcat and other iterations of Dodge 's muscle car before , in all sorts of conditions , so we 're skipping those impressions and going right to the point : finding out if the Challenger Demon is the straight-line rocket it 's meant to be .
The Devil 's plaything
First off , the 840 hp and 770 lb-ft of torque come by way of a supercharged 6.2-liter Hemi V8 . Though derived from the Hellcat 's power plant , the Demon 's motor has seen some extensive development to hit the SRT team 's goals .
Among numerous tweaks , the motor gains a new 2.7-liter supercharger that now ups the boost delivered to 14.5 psi . The Demon 's rpm limit has increased to 6,500 , and it 's now outfitted with a chiller , which essentially re-routes the cabin 's air conditioning refrigerant . Rather than simply keeping passengers cool , it helps cool the air going into the supercharger . This supports all the air coming through the huge whaleshark-like hood scoop , among all the other breathing apertures . There are even inlets where the fog lamps would usually be .
Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends
The engine is also ready to run on higher octane fuel than what you 'd get at your corner gas station . In fact , you 'll need more to get all 840 horses out the gate . With just regular super unleaded , the Demon churns up only 808 hp and 717 lb-ft of torque , which is still … a lot .
All this power is delivered to the rear though an upgraded driveline by way of the Hellcat 's eight-speed automatic transmission , which now features Transbrake . This is a key component of the Demon 's drag strip party trick .
Hell 's bells and whistles
There are three ways to get the Demon to fly off the line . The first is the brake torque method , a handy way to get automatics to burn out by using the brake pedal . The thing is , the Demon can actually overpower the brakes if you try it . The second is launch control , where the driver can dial in the revs and let the on-board computer do all the calculations . It 's not as fun and you 're not getting the most out of the hellbent Hemi . Then there 's the Transbrake , which actually holds the car in place by locking the transmission output shaft before a standing launch .
Holy smokes !
Giving the Dodge Demon a chance to cut loose is n't something to be done on the street , and there 's no question that the whole package has been tailored for the drag strip . Oh , and do n't let the “ so fast it 's banned from drag racing ” line fool you . It 's good marketing that makes the car sound naughty , like the “ unrated ” version of Eurotrip on DVD . What it actually means is that the NHRA certifies the car 's ability to run a quarter-mile under 10 seconds and exceed 135 mph , which means it 's subject to additional regulations ( roll cage , a master cutoff switch , competition license , etc . ) in order to be allowed to race .
Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends
Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends
In other words , Dodge did indeed build an off-the-shelf , street-legal , drag strip powerhouse , but in order to keep it practical , it 's left up to owners to fill in some of the gaps .
Rolling up to the starting lights at New Jersey 's Atco dragway , I was ready to fully utilize the Demon 's built-in tools to mask my amateur drag strip skill level . For instance , line lock was just an infotainment-screen tap away , and this made warming the tires in the burnout box a breeze . The Demon 's big party trick , though , is drag mode . This switches the traction control off , primes the front and rear shocks to counterbalance the sudden load shift , and engages Transbrake .
There 's no question that the whole package has been tailored for the drag strip .
The sequence is tricky at first , requiring the driver to pull back on the transmission paddles and hold the brakes down to start . It 's up to you to modulate the revs , keeping them between 1,500 and 2,350 rpms . From there , one paddle is released , and then the brake .
At this point , you 're holding the 840-horsepower Demon in check with one finger .
Almost by surprise , the Demon takes off at an incredible , unnatural rate . For someone whose drag racing experience is best described as “ unofficial , ” each launch elicited a wave of emotions that ranged from growing anticipation to shock , fear , and elation . For a drag-strip amateur like me , doing a 10-second quarter-mile run in the Demon was like skydiving sideways .
Drag mode stacks everything in your favor to execute the launch , but there are some things in play to keep you literally on the straight and narrow . Traction control is off , but electronic stability control is still there to help you avoid going sideways .
Chevrolet dealers have already put in orders for both their lots and eager speedsters looking to possess the Challenger Demon ( or be possessed by it ) . Prices start at $ 84,995 , though options like a passenger seat – yes , that 's a $ 1 optional extra — will see that price go higher . Thrill-seekers with the money to burn , and who have made peace with their time on earth , should certainly look no further .
If you want to read something that will move you to tears , read Lauren Stewart 's account of meeting the man who received the heart of her fiancée , dirt-track racing star Bryan Clauson .
Clauson died last August 7 from injuries suffered in a crash at the Belleville ( Kansas ) Midget Nationals USAC midget race .
You can read the full story here : http : //foxs.pt/2nVPVsA
Considered the nation 's top short-track dirt-car driver , Clauson won four USAC national championships and finished 23rd in last year 's Indianapolis 500 . He also raced in NASCAR for a time . Clauson , 27 , had planned to run 200 races last year , and had run 116 at the time of his fatal crash .
Stewart and Clauson were scheduled to get married Feb. 4 .
Clauson was an organ donor and after his death , his organs helped save the lives of five different individuals , one of whom Stewart calls “ Dan the Heart Man ” — the man who received a transplant of Clauson 's heart .
After Clauson 's death , a organ donation program called The Bryan Clauson Race to Save Lives was established . Clauson 's family and Stewart set up an initial of getting 200 people to sign up in honor of the 200 races Clauson planned to run .
To date , more than 6,000 people have registered as donors , helping some genuine to come from tragedy .
gallery : Bryan Clauson 's racing career in photos
FOX Fantasy Auto Form a Racing Team , Compete for Prizes
Play Now !
During 2016-2017 alone almost 30,000 incidents of domestic abuse were recorded throughout the province .
Such statistics may leave some people wondering what they can do to support the victims behind such numbers who have been affected by domestic violence , locally and across Northern Ireland .
Women 's Aid Antrim , Ballymena , Carrickfergus , Larne and Newtownabbey ( ANBCL ) are asking the public to show support and join them in walking together against domestic violence on Saturday , September 2 , when they will host the sponsored ‘ Sunshine Walk ' at Lough Shore Park .
Women 's Aid is a voluntary organisation which aims to address domestic and sexual violence and providing services for women and children and Women 's Aid ANBCL is one of nine local Women 's Aid groups which each offer a range of specialist services to women , children and young people who have experienced domestic violence .
Lorna Dougherty , Fundraising Coordinator , said : “ We are hoping that individuals , families and groups will join us for this walk to support Women 's Aid , raise funds to sustain and further develop preventative support programmes and projects for women , children and young people affected by domestic violence .
“ The Lough Shore route is family friendly and accessible to people of all abilities with all or part of the walk being completed , at their own pace , whether they are experienced walkers or a family enjoying a gentle stroll .
“ We 're hoping that all participants enjoy the walk and have fun , but we also want to highlight the impact of domestic violence on families and encourage more people affected by it to seek help . ”
Lorna added : “ The need for more awareness about domestic violence is seen in the staggering domestic violence statistics published by PSNI 2016/17 .
“ During this year 29,166 domestic abuse incidents were recorded throughout Northern Ireland , representing an overall increase of 2.7 per cent on the previous year and the highest level recorded since the data collection began in 2004/05 .
“ Alongside maintaining crisis accommodation and community based support services , we also need to increase our focus on preventative work across local communities , ” said Lorna .
She added : “ Domestic violence can affect anyone regardless of age , gender , religion or sexual orientation .
“ Events like the sponsored Sunshine Walk give a great opportunity to support people living with the impact of domestic violence and ensure that preventative education , awareness and support services continue to be available for those in need . We hope that you can join us , ” said Lorna .
Anyone who would like to register their interest in the Sunshine Walk and receive an information pack , can email admin @ womensaidabcln.org or call 028 2563 2136 .
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
1:43 Steve Clifford on the toughest part of coaching
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:41 Senate leader sees no 'true compromise ' in Cooper 's HB2 proposal
Former Olympic bobsledder Chip Minton now travels the country spreading messages of hope . Chip Minton Special to The Telegraph
Liverpool will be without Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho for Tuesday 's Champions League play-off first leg at Hoffenheim .
Striker Sturridge missed Saturday 's Premier League opener at Watford after suffering a thigh injury in pre-season but there was hope he could feature against the German side .
It now appears the game has come too soon for the injury-plagued England international , with the 27-year-old not included in Jurgen Klopp 's 22-man travelling squad .
Also missing from the list published by the club was Coutinho , whose future remains the subject of considerable speculation .
The Brazilian last week handed in a transfer request after Liverpool rejected two bids from Barcelona and issued a strongly-worded statement saying he would not be sold .
His absence from the squad was not a surprise , however , given that he has not been training due to a back injury and also did not play at Watford .
Acupuncture works Africa Studio/Shutterstock Assuming you are OK with needling and going for visits are n't out of your budget , acupuncture can play a role in weight loss . Once considered alternative medicine , acupuncture is moving toward the mainstream and Assuming you are OK with needling and going for visits are n't out of your budget , acupuncture can play a role in weight loss . Once considered alternative medicine , acupuncture is moving toward the mainstream and recommended by many doctors and may even be covered by insurance . The practice involves inserting fine , clean needles along specific pathways on the body to improve chi or energy flow . It does n't encourage weight loss in isolation , but when combined with a reduced calorie diet and regular exercise , women who got ear acupuncture weekly lost seven pounds more than their counterparts who only ate a reduced calorie diet and exercised . The women getting acupuncture also reported feeling less hungry . Here are some other surprising conditions that acupuncture can treat
Reduce stress KieferPix/Shutterstock No doubt about it , stress—and the inability to cope with it—can cause people to reach for fattening comfort foods and abandon the things they know are good for them . Proven stress busters include exercise , meditation , these No doubt about it , stress—and the inability to cope with it—can cause people to reach for fattening comfort foods and abandon the things they know are good for them . Proven stress busters include exercise , meditation , these instant stress management tips , and acupuncture . Yet people still tend to turn to smoking , alcohol , and binge watching TV . So try acupuncture to ease your stress , mend your ways , and watch the pounds melt away : `` When we are under stress , we produce excess amounts of the stress hormone cortisol and this pushes us in the direction of making unhealthy choices , '' says Tim Rhudy , MS , LAc , an acupuncturist in Delmar , NY . `` Acupuncture slows cortisol production and can help reduce stress so you might be less likely to reach for that donut . ''
Get more energy baranq/Shutterstock This traditional Chinese medicine treatment works along with Western medicine—and can help This traditional Chinese medicine treatment works along with Western medicine—and can help treat a host of ailments that hinder weight loss efforts . `` Because of the improvement in energy flow , people might be influenced to make better choices when it comes to eating , have less joint pain and inflammation which can lead to improved performance , desire to exercise , and hormonal harmony affecting their metabolism which can lead to weight loss , '' says Sharon Zarabi RD , CDN , CPT , director of the bariatric program at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City .
Content continues below ad
Control appetite SunCity/Shutterstock Research out of Research out of Hong Kong Baptist University randomly assigned 72 overweight individuals to receive real acupuncture or sham acupuncture . Each participant underwent 16 sessions over eight weeks . Those who received real acupuncture lost an average of five pounds , with one patient losing 16 pounds . By contrast , their counterparts in the sham group lost an average of just more than one pound . The researchers believe that acupuncture may boost the production of the hormones serotonin and beta-endorphin , which can boost mood , suppress appetite , and increase the breakdown of fat . Smelling these foods can also help you lose weight for some of the same reasons .
Balance blood sugar Syda Productions/Shutterstock If you are concerned about maintaining healthy blood sugar levels , it 's important to be aware of If you are concerned about maintaining healthy blood sugar levels , it 's important to be aware of these unexpected factors that can spike your normal blood sugar . Research suggests a special type of acupuncture can help as well : When women who were overweight or obese and unable to exercise received electroacupuncture—acupuncture plus an electric current—they showed improvements in blood sugar levels , according to a study in The FASEB Journal . `` When your blood sugar is balanced , it keeps your appetite regulated and you are not as hungry so you eat less , '' explains Boston-based nutritionist Dana Greene , RD .
Cool inflammation Stock Asso/Shutterstock Inflammation is linked to weight gain , obesity , and diabetes—and if weight is your concern , you 'll definitely want to look for Inflammation is linked to weight gain , obesity , and diabetes—and if weight is your concern , you 'll definitely want to look for healthy foods that fight inflammation . . And then consier acupuncture : A 2015 published in the Open Access Macedonian Journal of Medical Sciences found that acupuncture could tamp down inflammation and alter body composition in people who are obese . Eighty people received acupuncture treatments for three to six months while they adhered to a low-calorie diet plan . Participants lost body fat following acupuncture , and showed significant decreases in creatinine and uric acid levels ( an indicator of kidney function ) and blood fats including cholesterol and triglycerides . `` They believed the effects of acupuncture were at least partially due to improvements in pro-inflammatory markers like high sensitivity C-reactive protein , which has been found to be positively correlated with abdominal fat , '' says Josh Axe , DNM , CNS , DC , founder of DrAxe.com , author of Eat Dirt and co-founder of Ancient Nutrition .
Content continues below ad
INGERSOLL -
The Christmas season was in full flight at Ingersoll 's Festival of Lights and Santa 's Festival Village .
The annual event wrapped up for the season Friday and Saturday after having hundreds of children and family 's take part after it started Nov. 17 at the Ingersoll Cheese and Agricultural Museum .
“ We come every year . I think this is the fourth time for us , ” Jessica Phillips of London said of herself , husband Tom , five-year-old son Brandon and three-year-old daughter Madison to the event .
“ It 's a nice way to spend a couple of hours together as a family and the kids always love having their picture taken with Santa , ” she added . “ We came for the opening night with the fireworks and made sure to come again before they ended . ”
The Santa 's Village sees hundreds attend each night , Santa Festival Village coordinator Darlene Sutherland said , noting Dec. 2 had more than 500 participate and the first hour Friday saw more than 235 come through the doors .
Sutherland said this is the 12th year for the Festival of Lights and the 10th for Santa 's Village .
For many , the event has become must do during the Christmas season and have people coming from throughout the region to see Santa Claus , the Festival of Lights and the different entertainment each night at 7 p.m .
“ They come from all over . We have people from nearby like Ingersoll , Woodstock , Embro and a bit farther like Kitchener or London , ” Sutherland said . “ Last year we had someone from Vancouver who came and visited their family , but they time it so they can come for this . ”
The four weekend long free event opened with fireworks and concluded Saturday with the candy cane hunt .
“ It 's all been positive . It 's a free event , so it accommodates everyone . It 's been well received . The opening night we start with fireworks and they 're always phenomenal , ” Sutherland said . “ We go out with a boom as well with our annual candy cane hunt . That 's a very big draw for family 's . ”
In the hectic month of December , when people are often running in all directions and balancing work , family time and buying presents , the Santa 's Festival Village can offer a brief respite from the chaotic month .
“ It 's a nice family activity . We can have both our children have a few minutes with Santa , drink some hot chocolate and the kids love the entertainment show , ” Peter Wilson said as his six-year-old son Shaun smiled and nodded in approval after watching Dotsy the Clown perform .
“ This time of year is always crazy , so it 's an excuse to get away for a few hours . The entire way here and then back home our son does n't stop smiling. ” Wilson said . “ We 'll definitely be back next year . ”
gcolgan @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/GregatWSR
By Hayden Wright
The mid-'90s East Coast-West Coast hip-hop battles have been the source of a number of films and documentaries . This year , there 's All Eyez On Me , the forthcoming Tupac biopic . Johnny Depp is attached to Labyrinth , a movie about The Notorious B.I.G . and Tupac 's murder investigations . Biggie got his own movie , Notorious , in 2009 , and a new documentary is in development : Notorious B.I.G . : One More Chance will be produced by Submarine and ByStorm Films , and will stick closely to his music and its impact around the world .
Related : Stream Two New Duets from the Notorious B.I.G . and Faith Evans Album
Notorious B.I.G . : One More Chance was announced yesterday at the Berlin Film Festival , and it 's an authorized documentary so getting music rights and cooperation from Biggie 's estate wo n't be too challenging for producers . The rapper 's mother Voletta Wallace expressed her excitement about the project .
“ It brings so much joy to my heart that my son Christopher 's music has made such an impact on the music community and his stories have positively inspired so many young men and women over the years , and still influencing the youth all over the world today , ” Wallace said .
VIRGINIA BEACH , Va. — Televangelist Pat Robertson is recovering after suffering an embolic stroke .
Pat Robertson at the Military Aviation Museum in Virginia Beach , Virginia on Sept. 8 , 2012 . Charles Dharapak / AP file
In an online news release , The Christian Broadcasting Network , which Robertson founded , says he was rushed to the nearest stroke center Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms .
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs , Robertson was awake , responsive and able to move all his limbs .
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery .
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network , Robertson hosts its flagship show `` The 700 Club . ''
LONDON ( AP ) - Vodafone is confirming that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of some `` overlapping continental European assets '' that are owned by Liberty Global .
Vodafone acknowledged the discussions in a statement Friday that followed reports of talks in the Financial Times . The newspaper reported that the talks were likely to involve holdings in the U.K. and Germany .
Vodafone , one of the world 's largest telecommunications companies , says there is no certainty the deal will take place and was at pains to say the matter was limited in scope .
In a statement , the company says `` Vodafone is not in discussion with Liberty Global regarding a combination of both companies . ''
Vodafone Group has some 522.8 million mobile customers and 18.8 million fixed broadband customers .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Lewis Baker is on a season-long loan at Middlesbrough from Premier League champions Chelsea
Middlesbrough has no new injury worries going into the visit of Burton , after their first league win of the season against Sheffield United .
Chelsea loanee Lewis Baker could make his first start , having come on as a substitute for his debut on Saturday .
Burton Albion will be without Jackson Irvine following his red card at Hull City on Saturday .
Full-back Stephen Warnock is set to miss out after being forced off against the Tigers so Lloyd Dyer could fill in .
Match facts
China 's foreign ministry says Stern Hu , a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto , has been released from prison .
Hu , an Australian citizen , was released Wednesday . He was given a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010 . The case strained relations between Australia and China , the former 's largest trading partner .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu 's sentence was reduced .
Lu said Hu 's `` lawful rights and interests in accordance with law '' were ensured during his prison sentence and that his sentence was `` mitigated '' because he also observed China 's `` laws , regulations and disciplines . ''
Hu led Rio Tinto 's iron ore operations in China before he and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009 .
A film crew pitched up in Queens Square in Crawley on Thursday ( October 5 ) because the BBC were filming for a new game show .
The crew were in the square , which has recently been part of a £3.2m regeneration , for the majority of the day and were filming for a new TV game show called Do n't Panic ! .
A giant screen with the show 's name was set up in front of The Gym in the square while cameras were scattered around it .
( Image : Sam Truelove )
A Crawley Borough Council spokesman said : “ It 's a new BBC game show presented by Tom Allen – a comedian . They were in Queens Square all day . ”
The spokesman added that the presenter was seen interacting with members of the public who had gathered around to see what was going on – with some being interviewed in front of the cameras .
The BBC have been asked to provide more details on the game show , which has not yet been aired .
WASHINGTON : US President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday , bowing to mounting political pressure after initially saying many sides were to blame after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia .
Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville , in which a woman was killed when a man crashed his car into a group of counter-protesters .
Critics said the president had waited too long to address the bloodshed , and slammed him for initially saying that “ many sides ” were involved , rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee .
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in a statement to reporters at the White House .
Trump said America showed its true character in such times , responding to hate with love and to division with unity .
“ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence , ” he said .
“ It has no place in America ... No matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws . We all salute the same great flag . And we are all made by the same almighty God . ”
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists , killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people . The accused , James Alex Fields , was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday .
Trump said anyone who engaged in criminal behavior over the weekend in Virginia will be held accountable . “ Justice will be delivered , ” the president said in his address .
“ I wish that he would have said those same words on Saturday , ” responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC . “ I 'm disappointed it took him a couple of days . ”
Activist Al Sharpton echoed that . “ It took 48 hours ... It was clearly a statement based on the pressure that he had been given over the weekend , ” he said on MSNBC .
Earlier on Monday , in a strong rebuke to Trump , the chief executive of one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies , Merck & Co. Inc , resigned from a business panel led by the president , citing a need for leadership countering bigotry .
CEO Kenneth Frazier , who is black , did not name Trump in his statement , but the rebuke was implicit . “ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , ” said Frazier .
Driver in court
The outrage over Trump 's reaction to the violence added to a litany of problems for the president .
Opponents have attacked him for his explosive rhetoric toward North Korea and he is publicly fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during his first six months in office .
Authorities said Heyer , 32 , was killed when Fields ' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists , capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides .
Fields appeared on Monday in Charlottesville General District Court by video link from Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail , where he was being held on a second-degree murder charge , three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident . His next court date was set for Aug. 25 .
The US Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime .
Derek Weimer , a history teacher at Fields ' high school in Kentucky , told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV he recalled Fields harboring “ some very radical views on race ” as a student and was “ very infatuated with the Nazis , with Adolf Hitler . ”
A small group of people clashed outside the courthouse after the hearing , with two men blaming those who protested against the white nationalist rally with sparking the violence .
“ The police department did not do anything to protect us , ” said Matthew Heimbach , one of the men . “ Radical leftists are the ones that brought the violence . They are the ones that tried to kill us . ”
A woman yelled “ Nazis go home ! ” over and over at Heimbach until police ushered him away . The Southern Poverty Law Center says Heimbach is considered to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists .
The weekend disturbances began when white nationalists converged to protest at against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee , the commander of rebel forces during the US Civil War .
The violence prompted vigils and protests from Miami to Seattle on Sunday , including some targeting other Confederate statues . Such monuments have been flashpoints in the United States , viewed by many Americans as symbols of racism because of the Confederate defense of slavery in the Civil War .
WASHINGTON : US President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday , bowing to mounting political pressure after initially saying many sides were to blame after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia .
Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville , in which a woman was killed when a man crashed his car into a group of counter-protesters .
Critics said the president had waited too long to address the bloodshed , and slammed him for initially saying that “ many sides ” were involved , rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee .
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in a statement to reporters at the White House .
Trump said America showed its true character in such times , responding to hate with love and to division with unity .
“ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence , ” he said .
“ It has no place in America ... No matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws . We all salute the same great flag . And we are all made by the same almighty God . ”
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists , killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people . The accused , James Alex Fields , was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday .
Trump said anyone who engaged in criminal behavior over the weekend in Virginia will be held accountable . “ Justice will be delivered , ” the president said in his address .
“ I wish that he would have said those same words on Saturday , ” responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC . “ I 'm disappointed it took him a couple of days . ”
Activist Al Sharpton echoed that . “ It took 48 hours ... It was clearly a statement based on the pressure that he had been given over the weekend , ” he said on MSNBC .
Earlier on Monday , in a strong rebuke to Trump , the chief executive of one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies , Merck & Co. Inc , resigned from a business panel led by the president , citing a need for leadership countering bigotry .
CEO Kenneth Frazier , who is black , did not name Trump in his statement , but the rebuke was implicit . “ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , ” said Frazier .
Driver in court
The outrage over Trump 's reaction to the violence added to a litany of problems for the president .
Opponents have attacked him for his explosive rhetoric toward North Korea and he is publicly fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during his first six months in office .
Authorities said Heyer , 32 , was killed when Fields ' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists , capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides .
Fields appeared on Monday in Charlottesville General District Court by video link from Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail , where he was being held on a second-degree murder charge , three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident . His next court date was set for Aug. 25 .
The US Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime .
Derek Weimer , a history teacher at Fields ' high school in Kentucky , told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV he recalled Fields harboring “ some very radical views on race ” as a student and was “ very infatuated with the Nazis , with Adolf Hitler . ”
A small group of people clashed outside the courthouse after the hearing , with two men blaming those who protested against the white nationalist rally with sparking the violence .
“ The police department did not do anything to protect us , ” said Matthew Heimbach , one of the men . “ Radical leftists are the ones that brought the violence . They are the ones that tried to kill us . ”
A woman yelled “ Nazis go home ! ” over and over at Heimbach until police ushered him away . The Southern Poverty Law Center says Heimbach is considered to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists .
The weekend disturbances began when white nationalists converged to protest at against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee , the commander of rebel forces during the US Civil War .
The violence prompted vigils and protests from Miami to Seattle on Sunday , including some targeting other Confederate statues . Such monuments have been flashpoints in the United States , viewed by many Americans as symbols of racism because of the Confederate defense of slavery in the Civil War .
JEDDAH : An event was held in Mogadishu on Monday to mark three years since the last detected case of polio in Somalia .
It was attended by Somalia 's president , MPs , delegates from the Health Ministry , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and UNICEF .
Speaking at the event , the WHO 's director for the Eastern Mediterranean , Dr. Mahmoud Fikri , applauded Somalia 's efforts to ward off the crippling and highly infectious virus , but urged continued caution .
“ The absence of cases of polio in Somalia today is testament to the leadership , commitment and hard work of the government and people of Somalia , and the effective support and collaboration of many partners , ” Fikri said .
“ We need to remember , however , that Somalia is at risk of reinfection and we must stay vigilant . ”
Somalia stopped endemic polio transmission in 2002 , but was since twice affected by imports of the virus .
The outbreak in the Horn of Africa three years ago paralyzed nearly 200 children . Somalia was most affected , accounting for more than 90 percent of cases .
“ The polio program in Somalia has fought hard to raise population immunity levels ( against polio ) across the country , and to improve surveillance system sensitivity to pick up traces of the disease , ” said Fikri . “ This is commendable , but there are still gaps we must continue to work to address . ”
Insecurity and inaccessibility are key challenges for humanitarian partners operating in Somalia , particularly in the southern and central zones .
For the polio program , which aims to vaccinate every child under five years of age , innovative approaches are proving effective .
“ Tools have been developed to help us map and track the movement of nomadic pastoral communities so we can reach children on the move , ” said Dr. Ghulam Popal , WHO representative to Somalia .
“ In addition , locally recruited village polio volunteers are helping us administer polio vaccine in and around places we ca n't access . These volunteers also play a key role in helping to find and report cases of acute flaccid paralysis , which is an indicator for polio . ”
The event celebrating three years polio-free comes amid the worst outbreak of measles the country has seen in years . Somalia is also still responding to a cholera outbreak that began in January .
“ Polio infrastructure has been critical in responding to these other serious outbreaks , ” Fikri said .
“ We thank our donors and urge the international community to continue to support efforts to keep Somalia polio-free , and other much-needed health interventions in the country . ”
Certificates of appreciation were presented to select individuals for outstanding contributions to Somalia 's anti-polio effort . Only nine cases of polio have been reported worldwide so far in 2017 .
JEDDAH : An event was held in Mogadishu on Monday to mark three years since the last detected case of polio in Somalia .
It was attended by Somalia 's president , MPs , delegates from the Health Ministry , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and UNICEF .
Speaking at the event , the WHO 's director for the Eastern Mediterranean , Dr. Mahmoud Fikri , applauded Somalia 's efforts to ward off the crippling and highly infectious virus , but urged continued caution .
“ The absence of cases of polio in Somalia today is testament to the leadership , commitment and hard work of the government and people of Somalia , and the effective support and collaboration of many partners , ” Fikri said .
“ We need to remember , however , that Somalia is at risk of reinfection and we must stay vigilant . ”
Somalia stopped endemic polio transmission in 2002 , but was since twice affected by imports of the virus .
The outbreak in the Horn of Africa three years ago paralyzed nearly 200 children . Somalia was most affected , accounting for more than 90 percent of cases .
“ The polio program in Somalia has fought hard to raise population immunity levels ( against polio ) across the country , and to improve surveillance system sensitivity to pick up traces of the disease , ” said Fikri . “ This is commendable , but there are still gaps we must continue to work to address . ”
Insecurity and inaccessibility are key challenges for humanitarian partners operating in Somalia , particularly in the southern and central zones .
For the polio program , which aims to vaccinate every child under five years of age , innovative approaches are proving effective .
“ Tools have been developed to help us map and track the movement of nomadic pastoral communities so we can reach children on the move , ” said Dr. Ghulam Popal , WHO representative to Somalia .
“ In addition , locally recruited village polio volunteers are helping us administer polio vaccine in and around places we ca n't access . These volunteers also play a key role in helping to find and report cases of acute flaccid paralysis , which is an indicator for polio . ”
The event celebrating three years polio-free comes amid the worst outbreak of measles the country has seen in years . Somalia is also still responding to a cholera outbreak that began in January .
“ Polio infrastructure has been critical in responding to these other serious outbreaks , ” Fikri said .
“ We thank our donors and urge the international community to continue to support efforts to keep Somalia polio-free , and other much-needed health interventions in the country . ”
Certificates of appreciation were presented to select individuals for outstanding contributions to Somalia 's anti-polio effort . Only nine cases of polio have been reported worldwide so far in 2017 .
“ Love is Love ” and Knows No Bounds Posted on Tuesday , February 14 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
Australian director Kyra Bartley and Heckler head of production Aborah Buick mark Valentines Day 2017 by gathering 100+ artists , illustrators , and animators to push back against the “ narrow depiction of hetero-normative love ” found in modern media .
Kyra Bartley : “ With heartbreak , confusion and shouty news articles filling our feeds , we 'll take all the love we can get . So this Valentine 's Day , when saccharine representations of storybook romance threaten to overtake common sense , we 'll be splashing our corner of the internet with a celebration of love in all its forms . ”
Made with love by Heckler
Concept & Direction : Kyra Bartley
Head of Production : Aborah Buick
Music by : Johnny Mackay
Contributing Artists
Natalia Navarra
Adriana Siciliano
Daniel Amdemichael
Dahlia Visconti
Ashutosh Tiwari
Brenon Conn
Han Van den Abbeele
Ashly Lovett
Andrew Holmes
Tash Jackson
Rob Byers
Lilly Miranda Perrott
Merike Hess
Nomi Chi
Evelyn Elizabeth
Scott Williams
Felicia Von Zombie
Simon Robson
Jeremy Carlen
Erik Svetoft
Jan van Dyk
JOR ROS
Ky Moodie
Lauren Ami
Max Brown
Izaak Kidd
Xaviera Lopez
Juppi Juppsen
Sonia Kretschmar
Alex Naughton
Lauren YS
Paul McNulty
Dom Aldis
Matt Canning
Preethi Nair
Sandy Cohen
Yelena Yafe
Karolina Czabaj
Max Prentis
Diane Shaher
Greg Constantaras
Nena Salobir
Leticia Monroe
Nelly Grusell
Russell Tate
Machomachi
Hayden King
Sophie Partridge
Marco Giacobbe
Joe Perkins
Enggarn Pujana
Jo Fong
Patu Phan
Paul Garland
Carla Uriate
Alexey Goncharov ( Vaderiscool )
Shane Miranda
Alexandra ( Pookie ) Jones
Lachlan Phillips
Stef
Almo
Marta Zafra
Shaun Leong Williams
David Samuel Adams Pack
Mike Creighton
Tom Toro
James Gulliver Hancock
Paul Carpenter
James Boast
Carly Ealey
Chloe Tse
Nicolas Asaznarez
Mauricio Poveda
Amandalynn
Celia de Lago
RJ
Raquel Vitorelo
Eleena Bakerie
Ailie Banks
Lauren Esplin
Waiton Fong
Raul Saddo
Juan Andrés Castañeda
Jan Van Dijk
Xandria Sink
Edwina White
Ivan Lopez
Gerhard Human
Nicholas Forman
Tina Jiang
Kade Marsili
Mert Tugen
Hellotomato
Maggie Ivy
Nanami Cowdroy
Artbyisp ( Izy Kali )
Chuong Vu
Jacqui Hudson
Lisa Mrchk
Kentaro Yoshida
Carla Uriate
Dave Homer
Hala Saad
Holger Gutknecht
Maisara Mazuin
Dirty Bandits
Sonya Han
Rimantas Pocius
Eddy Taylor
Ally Messer
Duncan Dix
Bethany Levy
Mike Williamson
Pat Riley built the Heat into champions and won 454 games in his 11 seasons as coach . Erik Spoelstra , who replaced Riley , is now a win away from matching him for the franchise record .
On a night when Spoelstra got some revenge for former Heat assistant David Fizdale , who was fired by the Grizzlies two weeks ago only 101 games into the job , Miami 's coach picked up his 453rd career regular season victory with another gritty defensive effort by his team .
Led by Goran Dragic 's 19 points , five rebounds and five assists — through only three quarters of work — and 14 points and lots of hustle from rookie Bam Adebayo , Miami got back to .500 with a 107-82 thumping of the slumping Grizzlies at the FedEx Forum .
The Heat ( 13-13 ) held Memphis , losers of 15 of its last 16 games and now 8-19 , to 33.3 percent shooting in the second half ( 12 of 36 ) and 38.9 shooting for the game . Miami is 10-3 this season when opponents shoot 45 percent or less .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
“ It 's good to see [ the defense traveled from Mexico City ] , ” Spoelstra said . “ It has to be a commitment . It 's not easy , first of all to make that commitment defensively and then to do it consistently , every single game and then to be able to close out teams in the second half .
“ Hopefully that 's something we can build on . I liked how we got stronger , tougher more resilient in both second halves , different guys in each game , and took a lot of pressure off ourselves by getting multiple stops and then the offense becomes a little easier going down the other end . Even on that side of the floor , after we got to 10 turnovers in the first half , we had much better ball control , were much more coherent getting to actions where everybody felt comfortable and staying within themselves . ”
Seven players scored in double figures for the Heat . The others : Josh Richardson ( 17 points , five rebounds and two assists ) , Tyler Johnson ( 14 points , 5 rebounds ) . James Johnson ( 10 points , three rebounds and three assists ) , Dion Waiters ( 10 points , two rebounds and four assists ) , Wayne Ellington ( 12 points ) .
More Videos 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat 's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis Pause 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:30 Udonis Haslem reaction to David Fizdale firing 0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops ' case 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Giancarlo Stanton talks about joining the Yankees ( Part 3 ) 2:04 Miami Fire Chief addresses the firing of six firefighters 1:02 Couple lives in tent next to their destroyed trailer 1:10 Snow falls over northwestern parts of Florida 1:13 With his father Rae Carruth still in prison , Chancellor Lee Adams turns 18 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Spoelstra after Heat 's win in Memphis Erik Spoelstra , who replaced Pat Riley , is now a win away from matching him a for the franchise record . Spoelstra after Heat 's win in Memphis Erik Spoelstra , who replaced Pat Riley , is now a win away from matching him a for the franchise record . Manny Navarro mnavarro @ miamiherald.com
Miami led 59-58 with 4:11 left in the third quarter before it opened a 9-0 run with a beautiful Dragic lob for Adebayo dunk amid a sea of arms . Dragic scored nine points in the quarter .
Adebayo was pressed into duty early after Kelly Olynyk picked up two quick fouls trying to guard Grizzlies All-Star center Marc Gasol and exited with 9:01 left in the opening quarter . The Heat 's first round pick not only did an excellent job defending Gasol , but he provided offense too , scoring eight points while collecting a rebound , an assist , a steal and a block in the opening quarter .
“ You ca n't just come out here like a wild man against somebody that 's so savvy , knows how to draw fouls , can take you in the post and also play pick-and-pop basketball out beyond the three-point line , ” Spoelstra said of Gasol . “ There are a lot of things you have to negotiate and manage mentally . Usually for a young player , you would short-circuit . But Bam kept his head , even after some tough calls but really used his technique , his energy , multiple efforts and his mentality stability to be in a lot of places that were pretty disruptive . ”
More Videos 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat 's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis Pause 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:30 Udonis Haslem reaction to David Fizdale firing 0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops ' case 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Giancarlo Stanton talks about joining the Yankees ( Part 3 ) 2:04 Miami Fire Chief addresses the firing of six firefighters 1:02 Couple lives in tent next to their destroyed trailer 1:10 Snow falls over northwestern parts of Florida 1:13 With his father Rae Carruth still in prison , Chancellor Lee Adams turns 18 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dragic after Heat 's win in Memphis The Miami Heat were led by Goran Dragic 's 19 points , five rebounds and five assists – through only three quarters of work . Dragic after Heat 's win in Memphis The Miami Heat were led by Goran Dragic 's 19 points , five rebounds and five assists – through only three quarters of work . Manny Navarro mnavarro @ miamiherald.com
Waiters , who had black elastic therapeutic tape on his elbow to treat nerve pain after hyperextending his right arm against the Spurs to start the road trip , made his four shots after going 1 for 10 in Saturday 's win over the Nets . All four shots were within five feet of the basket . When Waiters launched a three pointer midway through the third quarter he airballed it badly .
He played just over 24 minutes total .
“ His aggressiveness was very good tonight , ” Spoelstra said . “ He got some switches and when the bigs were one him he just drove those right into the paint . That 's part of him learning . Before , that turns into a long three . But he made them pay for whatever coverage they were in . So I liked his minutes . ”
The Veterans Affairs hospital in Washington , D.C. , is so disorganized and understaffed that operations were delayed and patients put at serious risk , inspectors reported .
Staff have had to borrow equipment from private hospitals , plunder supplies and use their own purchase cards to buy essential equipment , the Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) report found .
Department of Veterans Affairs building in Washington , D.C. Charles Dharapak / AP
Supposedly sterile equipment was stored in hot , dusty closets and tens of thousands of dollars of supplies were stockpiled without any inventory , the OIG report says .
`` OIG has preliminarily identified a number of serious and troubling deficiencies at the Medical Center that place patients at unnecessary risk , '' the report reads .
The VA fired the medical center director . `` The department considers this an urgent patient-safety issue , '' it said in a statement .
`` Effective immediately , the medical center director has been relieved from his position and temporarily assigned to administrative duties , '' it added . `` Col. Lawrence Connell , U. S. Army ( Ret ) , has been named the Acting Medical Center Director for the D.C. VA Medical Center . ''
The OIG said it inspected the VA medical center after an anonymous tip off .
It found a long list of problems .
`` The Medical Center placed patients at unnecessary risk by failing to ensure that appropriate medical supplies and equipment were available to providers when needed ; that recalled supplies or equipment were not used on patients ; and that sterile supplies were stored appropriately , '' the report reads .
`` Four prostate biopsy surgical procedures were canceled on April 25 , 2016 because prostate biopsy guns were out of stock , '' it added . A nurse concerned enough about inventory recommended to the medical center director that operating rooms `` stand down '' until inventory problems were fixed .
“ The Medical Center placed patients at unnecessary risk by failing to ensure that appropriate medical supplies and equipment were available to providers . ”
`` As recently as March 15 , 2017 , the Medical Center ran out of bloodlines for dialysis patients on the second shift—they were able to provide dialysis services to those patients only because staff borrowed bloodlines from a private hospital , '' it adds .
`` On March 29 , a nurse emailed the patient safety manager , reporting that during an acute episode , she needed to provide oxygen to a patient . The floor was out of oxygen nasal cannulas ( tubing that fits into a patient 's nose and provides oxygen ) . The nurse was able to use one found on the crash cart , but reported the shortage as a risk to patient safety . ''
In 2007 , the military 's flagship Walter Reed hospital in Washington was found to be a mess . It was closed in 2011 and its staff and equipment transferred to the former Naval Medical Center in nearby Bethesda , which was renamed the National Military Medical Center .
Related : Lawmakers Promise to Fix Problems at Walter Reed
The OIG is an independent agency at the VA , set up to provide objective oversight . The report found 194 patient safety reports at the VA medical center since the beginning of 2014 .
The inspection found 18 of 25 storage areas for supplies were dirty and that $ 150 million in equipment or supplies had not been inventoried in the past year .
And there are not enough staff to handle these problems . `` There are numerous and critical open senior staff positions that will make prompt remediation of these issues very challenging , '' the report reads .
President Donald Trump appointed Dr. David Shulkin , former undersecretary of health at the VA , to head the giant department . The VA takes care of 9 million veterans at 1,700 different hospitals and clinics .
An asylum seeker who lived in Wigan after fleeing from a murderous gang has been allowed to stay in the country despite a string of violent crimes .
The Home Office has lost an appeal to send a mother-of-six back to Jamaica , her native country , on the grounds of public `` protection '' .
The woman , who has been granted anonymity to protect her children , was living in a hostel in the borough back in 2012 after being convicted of unlawful wounding and two common assaults .
An appeal brought to the Upper Tribunal ( immigration and asylum chamber ) heard how the woman fled the country in 2000 after being targeted by a gang who killed members of her family and raped her .
By 2010 , she had been convicted of a slew of offences including a drugs possession charge and at least nine shoplifting charges .
In October 2008 , eight years after arriving in the UK , she and her son followed a woman from a club and attacked her with a glass bottle leaving her with `` serious injuries '' to her hands and `` psychological trauma '' .
Whilst awaiting trial , in April 2010 , she took part in two further assaults . On one occasion she hit a woman in the face with a shoe and in another she assaulted a man . The appeal heard how she used homophobic language against both victims .
She was sentenced to 12 months in jail for the bottle attack , and a further six months for the two separate assaults all to be served consecutively .
The deportation order was signed in January 2016 , citing that anyone who is sentenced to a period of imprisonment for more than 12 months is subject to `` automatic deportation '' .
However , the woman , who has given birth to three children whilst living in the country , argued that her life remains at risk if she returns to Jamaica .
Appeal documents read : `` The appellant maintains that she is at risk in Jamaica from the gang that she originally fled from in 2000 . This gang were a powerful presence in her local area in Kingston .
`` She was gang-raped by five members of this gang . She went to the police and offered to give evidence .
`` This led to the arrest and prosecution of at least one gang member . The appellant was placed in the witness protection programme for her own safety . The gang responded by targeting members of the appellant 's family .
`` This retribution included her father 's house being burned down ; her aunt being attacked with acid and her nephew being murdered . The appellant escaped Kingston to live rough in the countryside where she was forced to work as a prostitute in order to survive . ''
The Home Office argued that the woman had entered the UK in June 2000 as a visitor , but soon became an `` overstayer '' and has never had any `` lawful leave '' to stay in the country .
On top of this they said that the deportation of a foreign criminal is `` conducive to the public good '' .
However during the appeal , solicitors argued that there would be a `` high likelihood '' that the appellant 's 14-year-old daughter would be `` socially withdrawn '' and would suffer emotional distress and trauma if her mum was to be sent back to Jamaica .
Regarding her 13-year-old son , the report read : `` If his mother were to be sent to Jamaica he does not believe that he would be able to control himself . He does not know what kind of state he would get into . ''
After assessing both sides cases , Upper Tribunal Judge Bruce concluded : `` The severity of the detriment to these children would be huge , and well beyond the ordinary run of cases where children face separation from a criminal parent .
`` It would likely lead to profound psychological consequences which would have a very serious impact on their lives , as well as upon society as a whole . For those reasons I am satisfied that the appellant 's appeal must be allowed on the grounds that her deportation would be unduly harsh for her children X and Y . ''
Young care leavers have been made exempt from paying council tax under a new move introduced by the borough 's ruling cabinet .
Senior Wigan Council politicians last week decided to give the financial relief to anyone aged 18 to 21 coming out of the local authority care system .
The change was introduced with immediate effect and will also be back-dated to April .
Care leavers in full-time education up to the age of 25 are already spared from having to pay council tax .
Wigan Council hopes the new move will support care leavers in their bid to live independently and prevent them falling into debt or rent arrears as they take their first steps into the adult world .
James Winterbottom , Wigan Council 's director for children 's services , said : “ Care leavers are among the most vulnerable groups in our community but also have many individual skills and talents that benefit our communities in many ways and we want to make sure that we support them to make the best use of these .
“ As corporate parents and through our commitment in The Deal , the council wants to ensure that young people 's experiences of leaving care and moving into independent living are positive and improve their life chances – just as any parent does .
“ We are proud to have introduced this change and know through speaking with our young care leavers and through the research available that this will make a big difference to their lives . ”
There are currently 142 care leavers in the borough in the 18-to-21 bracket and the town hall says the cabinet 's decision will help 31 who are currently making council tax payments .
Wigan has a strong record on supporting children through the care system in recent years , with its children and young people 's services rated Good in its last Ofsted inspection .
The council says it is particularly important to help these young people as many of those who come into the care system have experienced complex trauma or significant challenges in their early years .
National research shows that care leavers often experience debt and arrears of rent , council tax , household bills and transport costs and feel insufficiently prepared for independent living when they left care .
Their transition from care to independent living , usually aged 18 , is swifter and earlier than for their peers .
Organisations supporting care leavers have encouraged councils to think creatively about helping them .
Video
Heather Heyer was killed when a car rammed into Charlottesville protesters .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
Shaun Wane has ordered a Grand Final black-out tonight – as he and his Wigan staff work through the Super League title-decider .
The Warriors coaches are spending the weekend dissecting last season and searching for ways to improve for 2018 .
And Wane is purposely working through the evening to ensure they miss the Old Trafford showdown between Castleford and Leeds , in the hope it will motivate his troops .
This is the first Grand Final in which Wigan have n't been involved since Wane 's first season in charge in 2012 .
And he said : “ We 're going to work through the final , and try and find ways of making us better .
“ I 've got staff who want to watch the game , but we 'll work through .
“ It will hurt me – it hurts that we 're not involved , I wanted to be there and we 're not – and it will hurt my staff . But we 've got to get better . ”
The wide-ranging review will range from details of their training session to how they plan their week leading up to a game .
Wane has already said he is open to the idea of adding an assistant coach to his staff .
Are the Houston Astros preparing to lose Dallas Keuchel ?
Are the Houston Astros making preparations for Dallas Keuchel to eventually leave the team in free agency ? It seems like that thought is in their minds .
News came out on Sunday from Fan Rag Sports ' Jon Heyman that Keuchel has hired Scott Boras as his agent .
Agent news : Dallas Keuchel has hired Scott Boras — Jon Heyman ( @ JonHeyman ) December 10 , 2017
Boras are known for helping his clients explore free agency and is one of the best in the business at getting players top dollar . Keuchel will be a free agent after the 2018 season , so him hiring Boras is a possible indication that he is serious about maximizing his value , which might only be realized by signing with another team .
In related news , two reporters on Monday said the Astros were interested in adding another ace this offseason .
Astros made efforts to land Giancarlo but never came very close to a deal . They do have $ coming off the championship and will take a look at darvish/arrieta , tho they will take a “ disciplined ” approach . @ Ken_Rosenthal mentioned ace possibility — Jon Heyman ( @ JonHeyman ) December 11 , 2017
The Athletic 's Ken Rosenthal said the Astros were interested in Yu Darvish and Jake Arrieta , who are among the top free agent pitchers , as well as potential trade candidate Chris Archer .
Houston is coming off a World Series win and may want to capitalize on their window of opportunity , which could explain the strong interest in adding more pitching help . An alternate motive could be to make preparations for Keuchel potentially leaving after next season . They also know that Justin Verlander 's contract expires after 2019 , so they 'll need to replace him eventually as well . The Astros may be doing their best to get ahead of a problem .
The Center for Active Learning and Undergraduate Engagement is now accepting applications for the 2018-2019 Dr. Sarah Kulkofsky Scholarship for Social Sciences . The scholarship will provide support to one Texas Tech University undergraduate who is engaged in a faculty guided research project in the social sciences . A committee of TTU faculty and staff will review the applications . The 2018-2019 scholarship award is $ 500 , with equal disbursements in fall 2018 and spring 2019 semesters . The recipient will be recognized during the TTU Undergraduate Research spring banquet on March 29 , 2018 .
Applications may be found here : http : //www.depts.ttu.edu/calue/kulkofsky.php
Questions may be directed to : calue @ ttu.edu or 806.742.1095
Scholarship application deadline : 5:00 p.m. on Friday , February 9 , 2018 .
About Dr. Sarah Kulkofsky : Sarah Christine Kulkofsky began working at Texas Tech University as an Assistant Professor of Human Development and Family Studies in 2007 . During her time at TTU , she excelled in her position and received many accolades . “ Dr . K , ” as students often referred to her , truly loved her research and students . After Dr. Kulkofsky passed away on January 13 , 2011 at the age of 30 , a scholarship was established in her name .
A new year 's prank that had people doing a double-take ! The iconic Hollywood sign was changed !
The vandalized sign now reads “ Hollyweed ” – yes , you read that right !
Marijuana was recently approved in California for non-medical use . So these vandals either did it in celebration or out of anger . Either way , it 's impressive they did it without getting caught right ?
Check it out :
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Gio Gonzalez smiles during a media availability before Game 1 of baseball 's National League Division Series , at Nationals Park , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Washington . Gonzalez is scheduled to start Game 2 for the Nationals . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer is scheduled to pitch Game 3 of Washington 's NL Division Series against the Chicago Cubs , after Gio Gonzalez starts Game 2 .
Nationals manager Dusty Baker finally announced his rotation plans , just a few hours before Game 1 of the series on Friday night .
Scherzer 's playoff debut this year was delayed because he tweaked his right hamstring in his last regular-season appearance . He had been slated to throw a bullpen session off a mound Wednesday , then Thursday , but finally did so on Friday .
For Gonzalez , 15-9 with a 2.96 ERA in 2017 , Saturday 's game will be his fifth career postseason start but only second at home . His other Nationals Park playoff outing came in 2012 , when he was staked to a 6-0 lead in the deciding Game 5 of an NLDS against the St. Louis Cardinals but Washington wound up losing 9-7 .
The left-hander said he had been preparing to pitch in Game 3 at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2 .
Washington 's Game 1 batting order against Kyle Hendricks included 2015 NL MVP Bryce Harper hitting second , after leadoff man Trea Turner . Anthony Rendon hits third , followed by Daniel Murphy and Ryan Zimmerman . Harper returned last week after missing 42 games with an injured left knee .
`` Perhaps he 'll get fastballs with Trea getting on base , which is important , and we know that Bryce is n't back 100 percent timing-wise , '' Baker said . `` So you want to not have him in those key RBI situations right now . By next week or end of this five-game series , we might do something different . ''
Chicago 's lineup also has a past NL MVP in the No . 2 hole : 2016 honoree Kris Bryant , who is followed by Anthony Rizzo , Willson Contreras and Kyle Schwarber .
The teams ' NLDS rosters were released Friday morning , and John Lackey made Chicago 's 25-man list . Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon already had announced , so his status was in doubt . Lackey , a right-hander , has won three World Series titles , but he was only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions .
Also in Chicago 's bullpen , in a mild surprise , is left-hander Justin Wilson , who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade . But he also has this key career stat : Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts .
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three , with Alex Avila backing up Contreras . They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though he came up big down the stretch , going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected him off waivers from the New York Mets in August . Schwarber , an outfielder , could catch in a pinch .
The Nationals also kept only two catchers , starter Matt Wieters and backup Jose Lobaton , while dropping Pedro Severino .
In the bullpen , Washington dropped right-hander Joe Blanton and kept a total of four lefty relievers , including Enny Romero and Sammy Solis .
Washington put two reserve rookie outfielders on the roster , 20-year-old Victor Robles and Brian Goodwin .
Robles made his big league debut Sept. 7 and has 24 career at-bats in the majors . Goodwin has n't played for the Nationals since mid-August because he went on the disabled list with a groin injury .
As for why Robles was chosen , Baker said : `` We were weighing the need for speed , and also the need for defense , and especially if I have to run for Wieters or run for Lobaton . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Adherente is an alternative space for the design industry in the heart of the surrealist
City of Guatemala .
Sabbath was in charge of the Visual Environment of this edition creating a
Brand Ecosystem : built by a diverse range of Illustrations representing abstractions
of letter `` A '' & Editorial layouts for a synchronized interaction between images &
photography .
The result is a striking display of color and typefaces , to communicate an event that
gathers `` Exposure , Coexistence & Learning '' to motivate and impulse the growth of
Latin American Talent in Visual Arts .
Image copyright HBO
Indian police have arrested four people suspected of leaking an episode of the hugely popular TV show Game of Thrones before it was aired .
Three of the accused are current employees of Prime Focus Technology , while one is a former employee .
Prime Focus , a Mumbai-based company that stores and processes the series for Indian streaming website Hotstar , had lodged a complaint with police .
The fantasy series is already the most pirated show in TV history .
Episode four of the seventh season was leaked on 4 August , days before it was due to air globally .
The show produced by HBO has seen several leaks over the years . Most recently a group of hackers said they had stolen 1.5TB of data , allegedly including episodes of Ballers , Room 104 and scripts from Game of Thrones episodes . On Monday they leaked some of the unaired material .
Image copyright Press Association
The arrests on Monday were related to the leaked episode , not the most recent hack .
After receiving a complaint `` we investigated the case and have arrested four individuals for unauthorised publication of the fourth episode from season seven , '' Deputy Commissioner of Police Akbar Pathan told AFP news agency .
The four have been charged with criminal breach of trust and computer related offences and will be detained until 21 August , he said .
SAN ANTONIO — LaMarcus Aldridge continued to lead the way for the Spurs , who are trying to find a way to remain in the playoffs .
Aldridge had 33 points and 12 rebounds , and San Antonio blew a 16-point lead to the injury-ravaged Golden State Warriors before pulling away for an 89-75 victory on Monday night .
“ I 'm a leader , so I have to do what we need , ” Aldridge said . “ Playing defence , blocking shots , scoring . It all comes with it . ”
San Antonio beat Golden State for the first time in four tries this season and won their fourth straight overall to move into fifth place in the Western Conference , a half-game ahead of idle Utah and New Orleans .
Aldridge scored five straight points early in the fourth quarter to help the Spurs recapture a 66-65 advantage . He finished with 19 points in the fourth , including 11 straight that erased a four-point deficit and gave San Antonio a 72-65 lead it would not relinquish .
“ He was a horse in that fourth quarter , ” San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said . “ Obviously , it was n't a fair fight , but it just shows what kind of class they have and how well coached they are and how badly they want to be champions again . They played great and we picked the right five minutes to play really well at the end of the game . ”
Already without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson , Golden State lost Draymond Green in the second quarter to a bruise in the pelvic area . Green took a knee to the upper groin while defending a drive to the basket by Danny Green .
Draymond Green said he was suffering a “ constant , annoying pain , ” but does n't expect to miss any games .
“ It 'll be fine , ” Green said . “ I think it 's just something that 's kind of like at the peak right now , but it 's calmed down a little bit since it happened . It ai n't that serious . ”
The Warriors were n't getting any sympathy from a Spurs team that has played without Kawhi Leonard for much of the season .
Golden State still managed to hold San Antonio to 12 points in the third quarter , matching the Spurs ' season low for points in any period .
Two blocked shots propelled the Warriors to their first lead of the game .
JaVale McGee blocked Dejounte Murray 's attempted floater and then scored on a dunk to pull Golden State within 59-57 with 2:21 remaining in the third . Quinn Cook tied the game on a jumper after Patrick McCaw came from the weak side defensively to stuff Pau Gasol near the rim . Kevon Looney gave the Warriors the lead at 63-61 on jumper with two seconds left in the frame .
The Spurs responded by holding the Warriors to 12 points in the fourth quarter to help their bid for a 21st consecutive post-season appearance .
“ They were great defensively , ” Golden State coach Steve Kerr said . “ The Spurs turned it up a notch . They 're fighting for their playoff lives and they played liked it . ”
Cook led Golden State with 20 points , Looney added 12 and Andre Iguodala and Nick Young had 10 each .
Mills finished with 12 points and Danny Green added 11 .
TIP-INS
Warriors : Curry ( right ankle ) , Durant ( fractured rib ) and Thompson ( fractured right thumb ) did not travel with the team , remaining in Oakland to continue rehabilitating their injuries . … Curry was scheduled to be reevaluated Tuesday . … The Warriors ' highest point total in a quarter was 22 in the third . Golden State scored 42 points in the third quarter against Phoenix on Saturday , the 11th time it has scored 40-plus in a quarter this season . … Golden State has won six games when trailing by 15-plus points .
Spurs : Leonard was not on the bench , as he has been for much of the team 's current six-game homestand . Leonard ( right quadriceps tendinopathy ) has played in only nine games this season . … Danny Green became the third player in franchise history with a 3-pointer in 400 career games , joining Manu Ginobili ( 746 ) and Bruce Bowen ( 411 ) .
BOUNDING REBOUNDER
Murray had eight rebounds to set the franchise record for rebounds in a single season by a point guard . The 6-foot-5 guard has 385 rebounds in 1,436 minutes , surpassing Johnny Moore 's total of 378 collected in 2,689 minutes .
“ He 's pretty athletic , ” Aldridge said . “ He has a nose for the ball . He goes and gets them . That 's big time for him . He 's only going to get better from here . ”
UP NEXT
Warriors : Host Atlanta on Friday night .
Spurs : Host Washington on Wednesday night .
——
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Gavin Massey admits he 's having to pinch himself to come to terms with his dream start to his Wigan Athletic adventure .
Just five months ago , the world came crashing down for Massey and his Leyton Orient colleagues when they were relegated from the Football League .
But after a summer switch to Wigan , and a flying start to the League One campaign , Massey has realistic sights on being a Championship player next season !
“ You just look at the quality we have here – Powelly , Griggy , Crackers , Ivan Toney , ” it 's just incredible , ” Massey told the Wigan Post .
“ This is the reason I came to the club .
“ When I heard the gaffer was interested , and I saw the calibre of player that was here and the squad he was putting together .
“ I could n't wait to sign ... it was an absolute no-brainer .
“ It was a huge step up for me to come here and work with such quality , and hopefully it 's going to bring my game on as well .
“ I 've obviously got confidence on my ability , but see things in training from other players and you ca n't help but learn from that .
“ I feel I 've had a good start to the season , I 've scored a few goals , and I 'm contributing .
“ But I want more goals , and I want to create more for my team-mates . ”
Massey has already contributed three goals to Wigan 's tally of 20 from just 11 games , which have returned eight wins and a draw .
That puts Latics in second place in League One , on the coat-tails of leaders Shrewsbury , ahead of this weekend 's trip to Scunthorpe .
And while Massey and his pals have looked good enough to repeat the League One title win of two years ago on several occasions , they 've also shown they have the stomach for the fight when the going has n't quite been so good .
“ I think we 've got a great mix within the team , ” the 25-year-old acknowledged .
“ We 've got great attacking players , and also great defensive players to keep it tight .
“ It 's nice to be able to dominate teams and weigh in with a few goals .
“ But when you get teams like Northampton and Plymouth coming to frustrate us , when it looks like there 's nothing in the game , sometimes it 's nice to dig in and get the three points .
“ Those 1-0s are just as important as the 3-0s and 4-1s at the end of the season .
“ We just need to keep on top of ourselves now and keep pushing , and demanding more from each other . ”
The Shrews are one of only two teams to lower Wigan 's colours in the league so far , along with Peterborough .
Both defeats were met by scenes of mass euphoria among the home fans , and Massey admits that will act as motivation for the rest of the campaign .
“ When we go to this sort of teams , they want to take us on , ” he added .
“ It 's a real benchmark for teams to try and get a result from us .
“ But we 've got to be ready for that and hopefully we 've learned from those experiences . ”
The Yankees ' bullpen has been splendid as a group , but no hurler enjoyed more success over the season 's first two weeks than Adam Warren , who retired each of the first 20 batters he faced to open the year .
Facebook is so persistent and skillful at unearthing past versions of yourself that you would rather forget . A few weeks ago , it reminded me about a photo from the fall of 2016 : I 'm in a train station outside Milan , waiting for a ride to a beautiful , small Italian town , and there 's a fake , slightly annoyed smile on my face , even though I should be happy .
But I 'm not , because I 'm in a great deal of physical pain , as per usual . It was as if my lower organs were stacked on top of each other , heavy as stones , and there was an unrelenting sense of fullness : intense pressure on my uterus and bladder , a swollen , dense feeling . I did n't question it . I just thought : This is the pain I have to live with in my life .
I 'd had fibroids for several years . By the time I was 43 , my uterus had turned into something like a floating , abandoned spaceship upon which alien life forces had attached themselves , wreaking havoc on its mainframe . I suffered through all the greatest gynecological hits : cramps , extra-long PMS and periods and excessive bleeding . It is no exaggeration to say that half my days were spent worrying about my menstrual cycle .
In the past , my doctor had , on occasion , suggested I get a hysterectomy that would remove my uterus and the accompanying fibroids , in order to solve the problems I was having . But each time , I hesitated , and a handful of hesitations that take only a second added up to years of failing to make a decision . I was aware of what was going on inside of me — I had pain , I recognized it — but I could not bring myself to contend with it .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The reasons piled up : Secretly lodged somewhere in my psyche was the sense , however irrational and antiquated , that the ability to have babies felt relevant to my physical identity as a woman , though I have never actually wanted to have a child . My bare-bones freelancer health insurance meant that having the operation would have emptied out my bank account , and then some . ( I had recently gotten out of debt , and I was n't ready to be broke again just to feel a nebulous “ better. ” ) I travel a lot for work , and there never seemed to be a right moment to take the six weeks off required for recovery . I , like most people , have a fear of extreme physical pain . But draped over all of those rationalizations was my most powerful and seductive weakness : denial . I was fine ! I did n't even know what anyone was talking about ! I was fine !
Researchers studying the brains of former professional football players say they may have found a way to identify a damaging brain condition while people are still alive .
The condition , called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , is linked with repeated brain damage , such as concussions from playing contact sports or traumatic brain injuries sustained in combat .
Currently , the only way to definitively diagnose the disease is by looking at the brain tissue after a person has died .
But a team at Boston University has found a possible way to diagnose the disease while someone is alive by testing their spinal fluid . They found that a specific compound known as a cytokine was elevated in people who died with CTE , but not in healthy people , healthy older people or patients with Alzheimer 's , another degenerative brain disease .
“ It was a striking abnormality , ” said Dr. Ann McKee , director of Boston University 's CTE Center and Chief of Neuropathology at the VA Boston Healthcare System .
“ It gives us clues as to how this disease develops . We are hoping that it also gives us hints as to how to treat it . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Brain Disease in 110 Out of 111 NFL Players ' Brains , Study Finds 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
CTE has most recently been in the headlines because McKee 's team found that former NFL Patriot star Aaron Hernandez had serious CTE when he died by suicide at age 27 last April .
The elevated cytokine that they found is called CCL11 . Like other cytokines , it can do both good and bad in the body . These inflammatory compounds are released to help heal damage or fight off infections . But if there are too many , they can cause damage .
It 's not clear what is happening to raise CCL11 levels in the people with CTE . It may be a response to the injury . But McKee said it could be that there 's an over-reaction that worsens the damage .
“ We know that the pathology advances even after a person stops being hit in the head , ” McKee told NBC News .
“ Even though the person retired from the sport , is no longer being exposed to the head impact , we know the pathology and the clinical injury progresses . There seems to be a cascade , a vicious cycle …that once it 's started we ca n't stop , ” McKee added .
Related : Reports Finds Evidence of CTE in Most Former NFL Players
“ It 's possible that this protein is part of that progressive cascade and that by interrupting this , we could tone down or slow down the progression or maybe even stop the progression . But that 's all fanciful. ” It would take years of research to show this .
For now , what the team found was that the bodies of people diagnosed with CTE had higher levels of CCL11 .
“ It gives us clues as to how this disease develops . We are hoping that it also gives us hints as to how to treat it . ”
They studied the brains and spinal fluid of 23 former college and professional football players diagnosed with CTE . They compared them to the brains and spinal fluid of 50 non-athletes who had Alzheimer 's disease and 18 healthy people who had not played contact sports .
Levels were notably higher in the football players with CTE , and the longer they 'd played football , the higher the levels of CCL11 in their brains and spinal fluid , the team reported in the Public Library of Science journal PLoS ONE .
Not only could the research perhaps one day lead to treatment , but it could help people now , said McKee .
“ You certainly would want to limit their future head impact exposure , ” she said .
`` Not only did this research show the potential for CTE diagnosis during life , but it also offers a possible mechanism for distinguishing between CTE and other diseases , ” added Jonathan Cherry , a researcher who worked on the study .
Related : Head Injuries Clearly Linked to Brain Damage
CTE is linked with behavioral issues .
“ If you look at our research , collectively certainly , we see symptoms of depression and hopelessness and we see impulsivity and poor judgment , violence and suicidality , ” said McKee .
But , she noted , it 's not possible to ascribe any individual 's behavior to CTE . There have n't been enough cases studied to do that .
McKee , who has been studying this brain damage for years , said she is glad to have something positive to offer patients .
“ For the first time for me I am not reporting depressing news , ” she said .
“ I 'm just not sitting here cataloging people that have died and what their brains look like . We are trying to learn as much as possible from them so that we can apply it to living people . ”
Image copyright Jan Arriens/State of Florida Image caption Mike Lambrix ( right ) was put to death after 33 years on death row
A British man is mourning the execution of his American pen pal , a convicted Florida killer .
Mike Lambrix was executed overnight by lethal injection after spending 33 years on death row .
Lambrix , who was convicted of murdering two people , had been waiting to hear if a last-ditch appeal had succeeded .
Jan Arriens , from Bishop 's Castle in Shropshire , who has written to Lambrix since 1991 , said : `` Everyone was left in a ghastly state of suspense . ''
Lambrix 's execution , by lethal injection , was due to take place at 23:00 BST ( 18:00 local time ) on Thursday .
But Mr Arriens said it had been postponed and taken place after 03:00 BST .
`` There were a number of appeals up before the courts so the execution did n't take place as scheduled , '' said Mr Arriens , who runs a charity called Lifelines which supports prisoners awaiting execution .
He added the amount of time Lambrix had spent on death row was `` utterly inhumane '' .
`` I do n't think any country in the world in human history has held people as long as this awaiting execution and I think only five or six people have waited as long as Mike . ''
According to the Jacksonville Daily Record , Lambrix murdered a couple he had invited to his trailer for dinner .
'Grey area '
He was accused of attacking Clarence Moore Jr when they were alone outside the trailer , then calling Aleisha Bryant outside , where she was kicked in the head and strangled .
Mr Arriens said Lambrix claimed he had hit the man in self-defence after finding Ms Bryant strangled .
But the Florida state 's version was he killed both victims intentionally .
Mr Arriens said Lambrix 's case fell into a `` grey area '' .
`` He was very drunk , there were no eyewitnesses and no forensic evidence , '' he said .
`` This is going to leave a huge hole for me .
`` Mike was a very good correspondent . It 's very strange to think he 's no longer there . ''
Atlanta City Council President Felicia Moore says `` I 'm sad for the city , and for what we 're going through . ''
Moore is referring to reports , by Atlanta television station Fox 5 , that former Mayor Kasim Reed paid out more than $ 500,000 in bonuses and contest winnings during his last year in office .
As a member of Atlanta City Council , Moore was well known for often butting heads with Reed .
When I spoke to her today Moore said , `` it made me very mad , because this is not the first time we 've visited this situation before . '' She and Reed had , what Moore calls , `` a falling out over this when he did this before . ''
Click here for more on this story .
Police say a man has been charged with felony murder in the strangling a woman and her 2-year-old son at a home in suburban Atlanta .
Gwinnett County Police spokeswoman Cpl . Michele Pihera says 32-year-old Brandon Williams was arrested at a gas station after the deaths Sunday night . The mother died Monday morning at a hospital , a day after her son 's death .
Pihera says the homeowner told police that Williams is his son and that the suspect choked the child and women who was renting a room at the home . Police say the homeowner was working outside on a car during the attack .
Williams was taken to the Gwinnett County Detention Center and is being held without bond . It 's unclear if he has an attorney .
The victims ' names have not been released .
( AP Photo/LM Otero ) . Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin ( 91 ) celebrates his goal with Devin Shore ( 17 ) and Jamie Benn ( 14 ) during the second period of an NHL hockey game against the Vegas Golden Knights in Dallas , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/LM Otero ) . Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin ( 91 ) is hit by Vegas Golden Knights James Neal ( 18 ) as teammates Luca Sbisa ( 47 ) and goalie Marc-Andre Fleury cover the goal during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Dallas , Friday , Oct. 6 , ...
( AP Photo/LM Otero ) . Vegas Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury blocks a shot during the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Dallas Stars in Dallas , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/LM Otero ) . The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/LM Otero ) . Vegas Golden Knights left wing James Neal ( 18 ) scores a goal against Dallas Stars goalie Kari Lehtonen ( 32 ) during the third period of an NHL hockey game in Dallas , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . The Golden Knights won 2-1 .
By SCHUYLER DIXONAP Sports Writer
DALLAS ( AP ) - James Neal simply wanted to give the people of Las Vegas a reason to smile .
Chances are he did .
Neal scored twice in the third period , rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 victory over the Dallas Stars on Friday night in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas .
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas , and the Dallas players honored the desert city by forming a line alongside their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem .
With the video board reading `` Viva Las Vegas '' above the players , the public address announcer said `` Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy . ''
`` Being a new team , we have a lot of new fans and a lot of people affected by what happened , '' Neal said . `` Hopefully they tuned in tonight and we could put a smile on their face , because like you said we 're playing for our city and it 's going to be a lot of fun this year . ''
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion team to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators topped Montreal 5-3 on Oct. 8 , 1992 . Vegas is the first NHL expansion team since the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets in 2000 .
`` We ca n't undo what happened , and we 'll do our best , we 'll work as hard as we can to make the city proud of us , '' said Fleury , a three-time Stanley Cup winner in Pittsburgh who lost his job during the playoffs last season and was left unprotected for the expansion draft .
The Golden Knights also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock 's return to Dallas 18 years after he directed the franchise 's only Stanley Cup title . He was fired during the 2001-02 season , the only one in a span of 11 that the Stars missed the playoffs .
Both of Neal 's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left after taking a puck to the mask . Bishop , who skated off holding a towel to his face , had stopped all 19 shots in his Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract .
Hitchcock said he was evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night .
`` We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted , and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes , '' Hitchcock said . `` It 's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring . There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted . ''
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights , Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise 's first goal and a 1-1 tie . Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists .
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from his knees with 2:44 remaining . Lehtonen , who stopped nine of 11 shots , shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons , and the move for Bishop left him as the clear backup .
`` I do n't think it 's on the goaltending , '' Hitchcock said . `` We made two big errors . Both ended up in the net . ''
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when he redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury , who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov 's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice .
The Stars were marking some milestones as well , celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite .
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced , right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull 's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999 .
Technically , it 's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season . They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season .
NOTES : The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period . ... Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past center ice . ... Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list . Hitchcock has 781 .
UP NEXT
Golden Knights : At Arizona on Saturday night .
Stars : Hitchcock 's return to St. Louis on Saturday night .
___
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
When her husband 's 11-year-old love-child turns up on her doorstep one hot London night , Cat Lupo must decide whether she could ever give the now motherless girl a home .
But as the events behind Ruby Winter 's shock arrival start to emerge , Cat fears that her attempts to help this strangely unsettling child have put her own precious daughter at risk .
Award-winning author , journalist and co-founder of the Killer Women writing collective , Mel McGrath sends shivers down the spine in this explosive , high-tension psychological thriller set against the violent and corrosive backdrop of the 2011 London riots .
A dark and disturbing page-turner , Give Me the Child is a stunning yet sensitive exploration of a family in meltdown and a city in crisis , drawing upon the latest research in adult and child mental health to ask uncomfortable but important questions about how much we know about our partners , our children… and ourselves .
Dr Cat Lupo , an expert in child personality disorders , longs for another child . Her daughter Freya , now aged 11 , was born through IVF but her arrival was overshadowed because Cat suffered pregnancy psychosis , a ‘ wild paranoia ' so severe that she had to be put into a special unit in the weeks leading up to the birth .
When her husband Tom 's 11-year-old love-child turns up in the middle of the night , Cat is understandably devastated by the shocking discovery that he had a one-night stand while she was in care before Freya 's birth .
However , Cat 's instincts as child psychologist kick in and , knowing that Ruby is now alone because her mother is dead , she feels sorry for the girl and agrees that she can move in with them for the time being .
But she soon realises that Ruby is not like her own sweet and innocent daughter ; Ruby possesses a kind of ‘ force field ' which makes being close to her unsettling and as the events behind her mother Lilly 's death in their south London flat emerge , Cat fears the sinister girl is a threat to Freya 's safety .
Cat 's research tells her there is no such thing as evil , her history tells her she is paranoid but her instincts tell her another story . And as the police fight to control a sudden outbreak of riots raging across the capital , Cat faces a race against time of her own…
Thrillers featuring dysfunctional families have always had a seductive appeal and McGrath plays on every parent 's deepest fears as Cat desperately tries to separate suspicions about her own tendency to paranoia from the very real and shocking possibility that Ruby harbours a genuine malevolence .
There is terror aplenty in the suggestive power of McGrath 's narrative as we contemplate the thorny concept of evil and follow Cat 's hunt for the truth about Ruby , her mother Lilly , her evasive husband Tom , and dark secrets from the past .
The constant contradiction between Cat 's professional knowledge and experience , and her fears and emotional reactions , are superbly depicted as McGrath draws her readers deeper and deeper into the claustrophobic intensity of the unfolding drama and a crumbling marriage .
Juxtaposed against the social unrest that is stalking the streets of London , this emotive and compelling tale of a family facing its own turmoil is a cracking thriller , packed with wisdom and insight , and one that will haunt long after the last page has turned .
( HQ , hardback , £12.99 )
Huawei may not be a big player here in the United States , but it 's slowly easing itself in . The Mate 9 is the first flagship device that the Chinese OEM is officially selling here under the Huawei moniker , and it 's not a bad introduction . In our Mate 9 review , we found that the Mate 9 was a solid device , and its MSRP of $ 599.99 was reasonable . At just $ 379.99 for a refurbished unit , this phablet is a downright steal .
The Mate 9 is quite the powerhouse . Aside from the lower-resolution 5.9 '' 1080p display , the rest of the specs are top-notch . Those include a Kirin 960 octa-core chip , 4GB of RAM , 64GB of storage with microSD expansion , dual 12MP RGB and 20MP monochrome sensors out back , an 8MP camera up front , and a massive 4000mAh battery . Android 7.0 Nougat with EMUI 5.0 comes on board , and this iteration of EMUI is a big improvement .
Best Buy has refurbished units of the Mate 9 for just $ 379.99 - that 's $ 220 less than the MSRP , which was already fairly competitive . Two-day shipping is free , but if you 're just too impatient , you can opt for store pickup . There was actually a Best Buy via eBay listing as well , but that 's since sold out . So if you want one , be warned : they look to be going quick .
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants ' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Mayor Bill de Blasio was fielding criticism Tuesday after avoiding hot-button topics such as the homeless crisis in his annual State of the City speech the night before .
As CBS2 Political Reporter Marcia Kramer reported , the speech Monday night at the historic Apollo Theater in Harlem was a prime time , taxpayer-funded production costing $ 35,000 . It focused on job creation – notably a goal to provide 100,000 “ good-paying ” jobs in the next 10 years – and providing affordable housing .
The speech included a conscious decision by the mayor to avoid some of the big issues facing the city , including homelessness , fixing the child protection agency known as the Administration for Children 's Services , and even street congestion .
“ There are very serious topics that I 'll tell you upfront , I 'm going to speak to ; my administration 's going to speak to , in just the next weeks , ” de Blasio said .
CBS2 homeless consultant Robert Mascali , a former deputy commissioner for the Department of Homeless Services , was stunned . He noted that for months , Mayor de Blasio has been promising a new plan to fight homelessness .
“ I was surprised , because in a recent survey , 96 percent of New Yorkers said that homelessness was a serious issue , ” Mascali said . “ So how would you not address that in the State of the City speech ? ”
Mayor de Blasio aggressively defended the way he handled his speech .
Kramer : “ I wonder if you think that 's a lost opportunity ; if it was because these are thorny issues for your administration to deal with . ”
De Blasio : “ No , it 's — you know , I think I made very clear , the affordability crisis is a tough issue for this whole city . Those other issues need to be addressed and they will , but I got to thinking about it , Marcia , and I came to a conclusion that , you know , you can touch upon a whole lot of different issues , or you can really concentrate on one and provide a deeper explanation and strategy . ”
Baruch College professor Doug Muzzio pointed out that the speech , which included a video touting de Blasio 's accomplishments , seemed like the unofficial start of de Blasio 's reelection campaign . He said it seemed to be targeted at the communities that helped de Blasio become mayor in the first place .
“ He does n't talk about things that can be damaging to his reelection legacy , ” Muzzio said .
The mayor also opened himself up to attack from political opponents . Republican mayoral candidate Paul Massey claimed it was “ hypocrisy ” for the mayor to spend $ 35,000 of taxpayer dollars to give a speech about affordability .
Image copyright Reading Borough Council Image caption Artist 's impression of the riverside path adjacent to the new route
A £20m plan aiming to ease congestion in Reading has been approved despite opponents arguing it will cause significant environmental damage .
Council officials say the East Reading Mass Rapid Transit - a bus , pedestrian and cycle route linking a new park-and-ride site to the town centre - will discourage cars from busy roads .
The council was made to revise its original plans after a consultation .
However , opponents say it will have minimal impact on traffic .
The dedicated bus , pedestrian and cycle route will link a new park-and-ride site to the town centre .
'Faster route '
The proposal was originally submitted in July 2017 but environmental groups expressed concerns about the loss of trees and risk of flooding .
John Sharpe , from the campaign group Save Our Ancient Riverside , said : `` In their [ Reading Borough Council ] own estimates , they mention 1-3 % reduction to congestion .
`` Nevertheless , the total number of vehicles coming into Reading increases and , as a result , the already very poor air quality in Reading will get worse . ''
Work on the route could begin in early 2019 .
Reading borough councillor Tony Page said : `` This will enable us to avoid traffic jams and get hundreds of thousands of people into and out of the centre of Reading every day in a sustainable way , using our cleanest and greenest bus fleet . ''
Why it matters to you In disaster-struck Puerto Rico and Mexico , clean drinking water is hard to come by . MSR and its Community Chlorine Maker want to change that .
Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico on September 20 , but more than two weeks later , more than 1.7 million of the island 's residents reportedly remain without clean drinking water . But now , the community is getting some help from another coastal state , a few thousand miles away . Seattle-based gear company Mountain Safety Research is trying to get its Community Chlorine Maker to Puerto Rico , and has launched a crowdfunding campaign on GoFundMe to raise the funds necessary to ship the device to affected areas .
As originally reported by Outside Online , MSR is known best for its outdoor and adventuring equipment , including snowshoes , backpacking stoves , and of course , water filters . And these water filters seem to have some serious street cred — at the very least , they are being used by the U.S. military , which seems to have pretty high standards when it comes to drinking water for American troops . Now , MSR is looking for a way to send those same filters to Puerto Rico , as well as areas of Mexico impacted by recent earthquakes .
So what exactly is the Community Chlorine Maker ? As it stands , most water is disinfected using chlorine , which while effective , has a rather short shelf life . This means that it is difficult to store and ship the chemical , making it nearly inaccessible to rural communities , and even more so to communities afflicted by a natural disaster . Enter the Community Chlorine Maker , which allows folks to make their own chlorine using water , salt , and a 12V battery . In five minutes , this device can make enough chlorine to treat 200 liters of drinking water . All it takes is around 5 milliliters of salt and 100 milliliters of water .
It costs $ 239 and is approximately the size of a briefcase , making shipment and storage considerably easier than alternatives . And while this price tag is n't prohibitive for most , MSR is doing what it can to ensure that Puerto Ricans and Mexicans wo n't have to pay anything for clean drinking water in their time of need . Already , the GoFundMe campaign has surpassed its initial funding goal of $ 2,500 , and if you would like to contribute , you could help MSR “ distribute these devices to victims in need as soon as possible . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A watchdog has rated Cheshire police 's crime recording processes ‘ inadequate ' in an official report .
Her Majesty 's Inspector of Constabulary ( HMIC ) estimates that up to 11,600 crimes were not properly recorded by the force based on a sample of incidents between June and November last year – more than 8 out of 10 ( 83 % ) of crimes were found to be recorded accurately , while others were either not accurately recorded or negated altogether .
Cheshire Constabulary says it is ‘ disappointed ' to have been graded ‘ inadequate ' , but stressed that it has thoroughly reviewed each case highlighted since receiving the HMIC report and acted to ensure the appropriate support and safeguarding measures were in place for victims .
The report did , however , recognise the progress already made in implementing HMIC 's recommendations since the last inspection , which includes the work undertaken to improve the knowledge and understanding of staff around crime recording .
HMIC was also impressed with the processes introduced for out of court disposals – those less serious crimes that can be dealt with without the need to go through the court process – including the use of independent scrutiny panels who review decisions , thus increasing transparency to the public .
Improvements
Deputy Chief Constable Janette McCormick said : “ We accept the findings in the report . Progress has been made but we recognise that , like many other Forces , we have more to do .
“ We have already made changes in our crime-recording approach and historically also made significant financial investment in staffing in this arena .
`` The safeguarding of victims is always put at the heart of Cheshire 's crime recording process , and considered throughout any subsequent investigation . All cases where HMIC inspectors highlighted some issues have been fully reviewed to ensure appropriate support has been put in place .
“ While we agree that there have been some crime recording errors , this does not mean we are failing victims , nor does the report call into question the integrity of officers and staff .
`` The report recognises our good leadership in respect of crime recording and in-roads have been made already in addressing the recommendations in the report .
`` The constabulary will continue to look at how we do things to ensure the public receive the best possible service . But we do have some hard choices to make in this financial climate to fully remedy all of the recommendations .
“ The force has been previously praised as a ‘ caring ' organisation by HMIC . We are , and always will be , fundamentally victim focused , and we will ensure that the public are confident we are providing the best service possible to victims of crime . ”
HMIC 's assessment of Cheshire Constabulary is part of a rolling programme to review all forces .
Coach Akonnor believes his team must work harder to continue with their new-found consistency if they are to avoid relegation .
Ashantigold SC trainer , Charles Kobina Akonnor , says he requires a further improvement by his team in subsequent matches despite shocking Medeama 1-0 at Tarkwa last Friday .
Ashantigold managed a 1-0 upset over Medeama at the Tarkwa T & A Park last Friday and Coach Akonnor praised his players for working tirelessly to ensure victory on a very tough ground.In an interview with the Graphic Sports yesterday , Coach Akonnor called for consistency to help them finish above the relegation zone after starting the season on a poor note .
In an interview with the Graphic Sports yesterday , Coach Akonnor called for consistency to help them finish above the relegation zone after starting the season on a poor note.He said the team must be clinical in subsequent matches to prevent any slips against their opponents in their campaign to escape relegation .
He said the team must be clinical in subsequent matches to prevent any slips against their opponents in their campaign to escape relegation. ” The team must improve to be able to work hard and avoid relegation . They must work harder in subsequent matches to continue our charge to avoid relegation , ” Coach Akonnor said .
“ The team must improve to be able to work hard and avoid relegation . They must work harder in subsequent matches to continue our charge to avoid relegation , ” Coach Akonnor said. ” Any team that need results must have continuity ; that is to say they must be clinical in every match to avoid heartbreaks , ” he explained .
“ Any team that need results must have continuity ; that is to say they must be clinical in every match to avoid heartbreaks , ” he explained.Coach Akonnor , himself a former player of Ashantigold , was hopeful of achieving his aim of avoiding relegation at the end of the season .
Coach Akonnor , himself a former player of Ashantigold , was hopeful of achieving his aim of avoiding relegation at the end of the season .
Since 2013 , I have primarily covered the Anoka-Hennepin and Spring Lake Park school districts as well as the city of Spring Lake Park for ABC Newspapers .
After staging its first young adult production in August , Northern Starz Children 's Theatre continues to cast a wider net when it comes to casting .
“ Death by Arrangement , ” opening Oct. 12 , features a cast comprised entirely of adults , including four parents of regular Northern Starz child actors .
“ I think there 's a need for it in the area , ” said Rachel Bohnsack , executive director of the theater . “ There 's not a lot of adult theater . ”
Bohnsack compares the Northern Starz Players community theater troupe 's first production to the movie “ Clue , ” a “ comedic whodunit . ”
Set in London , the show follows Detective Sergeant as he tries to solve the murder of Evan MacKenzie . It seems everyone in his house had a reason to want him dead and sufficient time to execute the murder .
“ It 's funny . It keeps you on your toes and keeps you guessing , ” Bohnsack said .
The show runs at the Ramsey theater , 5300 Alpine Drive NW , Oct. 12-15 .
The curtain rises at 7 p.m. Oct. 12-14 with matinee performances at 2 p.m. Oct. 14 and 15 .
Tickets are available at www.northernstarz.org . They cost $ 10 for adults and $ 7 for students and seniors .
The theater has additional new ventures on the horizon : Northern Starz will be the first theater in Minnesota to participate in the Penguin Project program , which helps youth with special needs stage a musical . Additionally , the newly formed Social Interest Troupe will get kids involved in productions that tackle today 's issues .
[ email protected ]
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
Head coach Doug Pederson announced on Monday that Wentz , who was among the favourites for MVP honours , had suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament , according to the Eagles ' official website .
The injury took place during Sunday 's 43-35 victory against the Los Angeles Rams , which took Philadelphia 's record for the season to 11-2 and wrapped up their first NFC East title in four years .
During the game Wentz set a franchise record for most touchdowns in a single season , boosting his tally by four to 33 .
The 24-year-old will be replaced by back-up Nick Foles for the rest of the season , as the Eagles battle for the number one seed before attempting to lift their first Super Bowl .
Video : Local poet James Brown reads poem about non-violence
James Brown , a Macon local , has written about Martin Luther King Jr. and has several poems about non-violence , which is what MLK preached .
BRUSSELS : NATO allies will show “ transatlantic unity ” in their first talks with new Pentagon boss James Mattis on Wednesday , the alliance 's chief said against a backdrop of concerns about US President Donald Trump 's commitment .
Defense Secretary Mattis has voiced support for NATO in contrast with the skeptical Trump , and has been tougher on Russia than his boss , whose views worry the alliance 's eastern European member states in particular .
Mattis 's visit has been overshadowed by the resignation of Trump 's national security adviser Michael Flynn over allegations he had discussed US sanctions with Russia 's ambassador before taking office .
“ I am absolutely certain that the message from this meeting will be a message of transatlantic unity , ” NATO Secretary Jens Stoltenberg told journalists as he arrived for the two-day meeting in Brussels .
Stoltenberg said they will also stress “ the importance that we stand together and protect each other and a very strong commitment of the United States to NATO . ”
His comments came after he was asked whether Flynn 's departure over his behind-the-scene contacts with Russia was a sign of chaos in the Trump administration .
Mattis said on the flight to Brussels that Flynn 's departure would have “ no impact ” on the US message to NATO .
The retired Marine general praised the alliance for its enduring help for the United States in Afghanistan . “ This has been the most successful alliance in military history , ” he said .
Also hanging over the meeting was a New York Times report that Moscow had deployed a new cruise missile , raising fears it would violate the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty ( INF ) .
Like the US State Department , the NATO chief said he would not comment on intelligence matters but warned that “ any non-compliance of Russia with the INF treaty would be serious concern for the alliance . ”
Despite the message of unity , Mattis is still set to push the rest of the 28-nation group to meet their increased military spending pledges , despite many in Europe facing hard economic times .
In a sign that the Trump administration 's pressure on the issue is bearing fruit , Stoltenberg said on the eve of the meeting that boosting spending was a top priority .
“ The most important thing is that we increase defense spending and that is exactly what we are doing , ” Stoltenberg told reporters at alliance headquarters .
Stoltenberg said the alliance in 2015 had stopped the military budget cuts and last year actually increased spending by 3.8 percent , or $ 10 billion , but still needs to do more .
Washington has long insisted that NATO members should spend two percent of their GDP on defense , a goal that few meets despite agreeing on it at a summit in Wales in 2014 .
NATO leaders are expected to meet Trump for the first time at a summit in Brussels on May 25 .
Stoltenberg said he was confident that Trump remained as committed to NATO as his predecessors .
The meeting will also discuss Russia as well as the threat from the Daesh group .
NATO allies were also looking forward to hearing more about the new administration 's position , after a series of contradictory statements from Trump .
As president-elect , in an interview published on January 15 that sent shockwaves through NATO , Trump said the alliance was “ obsolete ” and had “ not bothered about terrorism . ”
Trump sharply criticized NATO members for defense underspending , but added : “ NATO remains very important to me . ”
In a military career which culminated with him in command of all US forces in the Middle East , Mattis once worked to modernize NATO as Supreme Allied Commander of Transformation .
ABU DHABI , United Arab Emirates ( AP ) — Jordanian-Palestinian writer Ibrahim Nasrallah has won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction with a novel about humanity 's capacity for savagery .
`` The Second War of the Dog '' was named winner at a ceremony Tuesday in the Emirates capital , Abu Dhabi .
Set in a dystopian future society , the book centers on an opponent of the regime who descends into brutal nihilism . The author has called it `` a warning of what we could become in the future . ''
Ibrahim Al Saafin , who chaired the judging panel , said the book used `` humor and insight '' to expose society 's tendency toward brutality .
Nasrallah 's book was chosen from among 124 entries from 14 countries for the award , which is affiliated with Britain 's prestigious Man Booker Prize .
He wins $ 50,000 and funding for an English translation of his novel .
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Red Bull Formula 1 driver Max Verstappen has apologised for any offence he may have caused by making a joke about Brazilians during the Bahrain Grand Prix weekend ...
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer . He joined The Telegraph in 2006 .
Gabrielle Smith has been releasing music under the name Eskimeaux since 2007 — most recently with last year 's Year Of The Rabbit EP — but will change her project 's name following a conversation with award-winning Inuk throat singer Tanya Tagaq .
“ We 've been talking about changing the band name for a little over a year now . The band name is the gateway to the project and I never set out to make it controversial , hurt people 's feelings , or bring up a kind of hardship I have n't personally had to endure , ” she writes in a statement . The project will now be known as Ó .
I want to publicly state that @ eskimeaux666 and I have been communicating . They are changing their band name . This is respect . This is ❤️ ! — tanya tagaq ( @ tagaq ) April 17 , 2017
Last week , Tagaq publicly called out Smith for using the name . In a series of tweets , she questioned her use of the word in her band 's name : “ Canadians should show them how much they appreciate hipster bands using slurs to sell music , ” she wrote in one , referring to a show that the band is playing in Toronto tonight ( 4/17 ) opening for WHY ? . “ I 'm 1/4 Polish . Does n't mean I can lay claim to a culture I have not been raised in . I would not name my band The Polaks , ” Tagaq said in another .
Smith has addressed the origins of her name in the past amid similar accusations of appropriation.Here 's the full statement from Smith ( via Pitchfork ) :
We 've been talking about changing the band name for a little over a year now . The band name is the gateway to the project and I never set out to make it controversial , hurt people 's feelings , or bring up a kind of hardship I have n't personally had to endure.As an adopted person I 've struggled with finding an identity . I spent so many hours as a kid searching for information about my heritage and this was , unfortunately , the only term I came across for a long time . The only information I have about my birth parents is that my birth father is Tlingit and everywhere I looked for more information the word “ eskimo ” was commonplace . After a while it became too painful to look anymore , as everything I read had different information , and I hung onto what I was able to find and understand.Talking to Tanya about this was what ultimately helped me make up my mind to change the band name . She and I have had really different struggles , but they do n't serve to diminish one another . She has a really important perspective that all Americans , who have a tendency to brush aside and not educate themselves or each other about the histories of indigenous peoples , would do well to listen to and learn from.I had added the “ eaux ” to the end of my band name to illustrate the way I record ; it 's a jumble of syllables combined to make a simple sound , “ o. ” Moving forward , this project will be called Ó .
And here 's a statement from Tagaq :
Our band has a project providing a soundtrack to the 1922 saga Nanook of the North . This project has significance became we have spent many years attempting to dissolve stereotypes surrounding Inuit culture , therefore humanizing a culture in the midst of socio-economic crisis due to post colonial fallout . The word Eskimo is a slur for many Inuit . The name being applied to a band by a non-Inuk person incensed me . I applied the same tactic that I have used a multitude of times with offending appropriators or groups ( RIDM Festival , Ungava gin , Black Pussy ) , which was one of aggressive public scrutiny . This tactic is taken because often when I privately contact these groups they dismiss me completely until there is a public outcry . Gabrielle has taught me that people can be open and respectful when mistakes are made . I am very pleased with this outcome of the band name change and our impending friendship . Pleasant surprises .
The band now known as Ó still has a few dates left on their tour with WHY ? . They 'll also be playing a benefit show for Brooklyn venue Shea Stadium on 4/30 at Baby 's All Right , which they say will be their “ last show for a long time . ”
This article originally appeared on Stereogum .
An Easton man who used a fake gun to try to rob a food delivery man on Sunday night faces charges , city police report .
Anthony A.L . Sims , 20 , was interviewed late Thursday morning at the city police station before he was charged with robbery and theft , police said .
He was arraigned before District Judge Richard Yetter III and sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $ 25,000 bail , records show .
Deliveryman robbed by man with fake gun : cops
Police said Sims attempted the robbery at 9:45 p.m. in the 1100 block of Spring Garden Street . The victim grabbed the faux weapon from Sims , Lt. Matthew Gerould said .
Sims tentatively faces a preliminary hearing at 9 a.m. Oct. 16 in Yetter 's court in Wilson Borough .
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow him on Twitter @ TonyRhodin . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Former Memphis All-American Penny Hardaway is heading back to his alma mater –as its men 's basketball coach .
Memphis will announce Hardaway as its next coach on Tuesday , said a person familiar with the situation . The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because Memphis has n't publicly announced the hire . Memphis has scheduled a news conference for Tuesday .
The 46-year-old Hardaway replaces Tubby Smith , who was fired after going 40-26 in two seasons with Memphis .
Hardaway is a four-time NBA All-Star and three-time All-NBA player who will be making his college coaching debut with the Tigers . He has been coaching for years with his own AAU program , Team Penny , and won his third straight Tennessee high school championship at Memphis East last weekend .
The Memphis native played at Treadwell High School before going to then-Memphis State remains very popular in his hometown . And his alma mater desperately needs someone to keep Memphis ' top recruits at home and lure fans back to the FedExForum , where the Tigers play their home games .
Memphis has n't been to the NCAA Tournament since 2014 , and attendance dipped to 6,225 this season — the worst since 1969-70 . The plunging attendance puts the university at risk of missing out on an $ 800,000 payment from the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies , who control the FedExForum . The Commercial Appeal also reported donations to the athletic department dropped $ 1.1 million in the 2016-17 fiscal year .
Hardaway starred for Memphis teams that posted a combined 43-23 record and made consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances in 1992 and 1993 . The Tigers reached a regional final in 1992 .
With Hardaway , the Tigers notched eight wins over ranked teams . He posted the first triple-doubles in school history .
Hardaway declared for the 1993 NBA Draft and was the No . 3 overall pick by Golden State before being traded to Orlando .
Memphis retired his jersey on Jan. 23 , 1994 .
Hardaway finished his career with 10,864 points and 704 games played . He graduated from Memphis in May 2003 at the age of 31 while playing for Phoenix . He also has donated to his alma mater , with the Hardaway Athletic Hall of Fame named in his honour .
After retiring from the NBA , Hardaway went into coaching . His biggest move came with his own AAU program , and he became coach at Memphis East High School , which won a third straight Tennessee Class AAA title last weekend . Forward James Wiseman , the No . 2 prospect in 2019 nationally , plays for Hardaway on both teams .
Guard Alex Lomax also played for Hardaway at East High and currently is committed to Wichita State .
——
AP Sports Writer Teresa M. Walker in Nashville , Tennessee , contributed to this report .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
The Sunderland Foundation , Overland Park , has given a gift of $ 200,000 to the College of Engineering at Kansas State University .
This gift supports the college 's Academic Success Center and provides for the Sunderland Foundation Faculty Advisor Office Suite in the newly renovated engineering complex .
“ The Sunderland Foundation recognizes the outstanding work being done by Kansas State University in the field of engineering , ” said Kent Sunderland , president of the Sunderland Foundation . “ By supporting the Academic Success Center , we hope to support those students who have chosen engineering as their career and help them reach their goals as students at K-State . ”
Darren Dawson , dean of the College of Engineering , expressed his thanks for the Sunderland Foundation 's continued support . “ The Sunderland Foundation has a long history of support for higher education at K-State , ” he said . “ The foundation 's most recent gift to the college in support of our Academic Success Center is one more example of its generosity and belief in putting forth the best educational experience possible for our future graduates in engineering and computer and construction sciences . ”
Philanthropic contributions to the university are coordinated by the Kansas State University Foundation . The foundation is leading Innovation and Inspiration : The Campaign for Kansas State University to raise $ 1 billion for student success , faculty development , facility enhancement and programmatic success .
A Wigan electrician is “ over the moon ” after being highly commended in a competition to find the best tradesperson in the country .
Karl Mather was one of eight tradesmen to reach the final of Screwfix 's Britain 's Top Tradesperson 2017 , out of more than 5,000 applicants .
And despite being narrowly missing out on the top prize , Karl was still thrilled to have gone so far .
The 36-year-old from Goose Green said : “ I 'm over to moon to have been highly commended in this competition . I was able to showcase the variety of electrical challenges I 've achieved for my customers , but also how important it is for me to support those in need .
“ I met a great bunch of tradespeople at the final , who all really knew their stuff so I 'm thrilled to have been given this award . ”
Screwfix marketing director Graham Smith said : “ Karl stood out with his ethos of going the extra mile and this was clearly shown through his high standard of work and going above and beyond . Karl represents all that is great about the UK 's tradespeople . ”
Southwest head coach Joseph Dupree and Northeast head coach Ashley Harden both considered Friday night 's game a must-win if their teams are going to make any noise in GHSA Region 3-2A .
The two teams battled for four quarters but in the end , the Southwest defense was just too much for Northeast as the Patriots held Northeast to just 95 yards of total offense and won 18-7 .
Southwest improves to 3-2 overall and 1-1 in the region , while Northeast falls to 3-3 and 0-2 .
Four who mattered
Jordan Slocum : The junior quarterback for Southwest was n't perfect but managed to throw for 149 yards and a touchdown and ran for another 48 yards to key the offense .
JaQuavious Jones : The Southwest running back was quiet in the first half but ran for 40 yards in the second half and broke the game open with a 24-yard touchdown scamper late in the third quarter .
JaQuez Pennimon : The Southwest sophomore picked up a Northeast fumble and ran 66 yards for the first score of the game and also had 38 yards receiving .
Roderick Smith : The defensive lineman for Northeast provided the only points for his team when he intercepted a Slocum throwaway and returned it 10 yards for a score .
Turning point
Northeast trailed 12-7 at the half but could not get anything going in the second half . Southwest finally put together a drive behind the passing of Slocum and the running of Javaris Smith and Jones . After the Patriots made it a two-score game , Northeast was forced to throw the ball , which led to constant pressure on Raiders quarterback Nolan Ussery , who completed only 3-of-13 passes .
Observation
Defense wins games : The Southwest defense had a great performance with linebacker Randy Green leading the way . Northeast had opportunities in the first half and was on Southwest 's side of the field four times in the first half , but the Raiders could not put any points on the board on offense .
They said it
Dupree on leading by only five points at the half : “ I was disappointed in the performance on the offensive side of the ball for sure . We have got to do a much better job of passing catching running and blocking , but all we can do is get back to work and try to get better . ”
Dupree on the defensive performance : “ They have been strong all year , and Randy Green is the leader . They battled the entire game and played a huge part in getting us this win . We believe that defense wins championships . ”
Dupree on the rivalry with Northeast and the importance of a region win : “ Northeast is always going to play us tough , and this game was proof of that . We had two teams that were desperate for a region win , and although it was n't pretty , we will take it . ”
What 's next ?
Southwest travels to Dublin on Friday , while Northeast hosts Dublin on Oct. 20
Update ( 8/14/17 at 2:50 a.m. ) :
One person is dead after flames spread to two houses on Philippi Pike , according to 911 officials .
The victim 's name has not been released at this time .
The Clarksburg Fire Department , Clarksburg Police Department and the West Virginia State Fire Marshal 's Office will be investigating .
Stay with 12 News for the very latest on this developing story .
Reports of two structure fires on Philippi Pike in East View came in around 9 p.m. Sunday .
Multiple fire departments on scene with confirmed entrapment .
Anmoore EMS and State Police on scene .
Authorities are stopping traffic in the vicinity of the 1300 block of the Philippi Pike in Clarksburg . Please stay well away from the area in order to give authorities room to work . We will keep you advised as information becomes available .
Stay with 12 News for updates on this developing story .
Image copyright Kingdom News Agency Image caption Gordon Diduca died after a disturbance at Dundonald Court
A man is to stand trial for murder after allegedly firing a bow and arrow at a man before stabbing him to death .
Gordon Diduca , 23 , also known as Gordon Adams , died after being attacked at a block of flats at Dundee 's Dundonald Court on 24 September .
Charles Little , 31 , who lived in the block , appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court accused of his murder .
He faces four charges , including repeatedly firing a bow and arrow and stabbing Mr Diduca multiple times .
Prosecutors allege Mr Little first behaved in a threatening and abusive manner at 72 Dundonald Court - on the same landing as his flat - in a way that was likely to cause fear or alarm by threatening the occupants of the flat with a bow and arrows .
Fully committed
He is then said to have repeatedly struck the front door and attempted to force entry to the property .
A second charge alleges that on the communal landing , between the two flats , he assaulted Gordon Diduca , Jason Sinclair and Colin Hughes and threatened them with a bow and arrow and repeatedly fired arrows towards them .
Mr Little is then alleged to have repeatedly struck Gordon Diduca on the body with a knife and murdered him .
A fourth charge alleges that he assaulted Jason Sinclair and struck him on the arm with a knife to his injury .
Mr Little made no plea or declaration during the brief hearing and was fully committed for trial by Sheriff Tom Hughes .
He was remanded into custody ahead of a further court appearance .
UnitedHealth Group , the largest U.S. health insurer , reported a better-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit , driven by strength in its pharmacy benefit management business .
Continue Reading Below
UnitedHealth , which has pulled out of virtually all Obamacare individual markets , is the first health insurer to report its results a month after legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system was pulled by Republican leaders .
The Republicans ' failure to repeal Obamacare , at least for now , means it remains federal law . President Donald Trump and Republicans have promised to repeal and replace the law .
UnitedHealth , which sells employer-based insurance as well as Medicare and Medicaid , said net earnings attributable rose to $ 2.17 billion , or $ 2.23 per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 1.61 billion , or $ 1.67 per share , a year earlier .
Excluding items , the company earned $ 2.37 per share , beating average analysts ' estimate of $ 2.17 , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Revenue rose 9.4 percent to $ 48.73 billion , above estimates of 48.35 billion .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The company now expects 2017 revenue of about $ 200 billion and adjusted net earnings of $ 9.65- $ 9.85 per share , up from previous estimate of revenue of $ 197 billion- $ 199 billion and adjusted earnings of $ 9.30- $ 9.60 per share .
UnitedHealth 's withdrawal from Obamacare individual markets , combined with the 2017 health insurance tax deferral , reduced consolidated first quarter 2017 revenues by about $ 1.6 billion , the company said .
( Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta )
It 's no surprise to anyone that the housing market of 2018 is n't the same as the one 40 years ago . But what it means for young people piecing together careers is that they ca n't expect to afford the same houses and lifestyles their parents ' generation was able to obtain .
Millennials , sometimes referred to as “ generation rent , ” are having to get creative and find alternatives . And for many of them , it 's working just fine .
Britni de la Cretaz , 33 , a freelance journalist who lives in the Boston area with her husband and children , did n't want to give up on the idea of homeownership . But she and her husband , who works as a consultant , also had to cope with the financial uncertainty that usually accompanies contract work . Instead of opting out , they bought a house , then rented out the ground floor .
“ We never wanted to worry about not being able to pay our mortgage , so we intentionally sought out a two-family home so we would always have rental income , even if our job situation became precarious , ” de la Cretaz says .
“ A consequence of coming of age during an economic recession is missing out on many of the employment benefits seen by previous generations , ” says Nancy Worth , an assistant professor of geography at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo , Ontario . She uses generational analysis through her project , GenYatHome , to examine how people born at a particular time share experiences . “ Their experience is with a job market characterized by flexibility and precarity . Jobs with full benefits are something most millennials have never known . ”
The financial burden faced by many young people is formidable . About 1 in 3 millennials lives with their parents because of the combined burden of student loans , a competitive multigenerational job market , and rising mortgage rates , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Rising costs are a barrier to home-buying , especially for millennials . As if cost is n't a big enough obstacle , there 's a significant inventory shortage in many cities .
The problem is n't just for home buyers ; renters are also struggling . According to the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies , 11.1 million renters in the U.S. spent more than 50 percent of their income on housing .
Millennials are creating their own version of success , Worth says , even though it looks different from previous generations ' picture of the American Dream .
Lynn Brown , 28 , refused to let the housing market and rising costs of living stop her from enjoying life . For her , financial stability was a higher priority than having a permanent roof over her head .
So , technically , she 's homeless . But happy .
She says the only thing she 's had to give up is other people 's timelines . “ There 's this idea that in your 30s you should be settling down and having a family and that kind of thing . Like the only thing I feel like I 've sacrificed is the mentality of where I 'm supposed to be at my age and what I 'm supposed to be doing , ” Brown says .
`` As housing becomes nontraditional in all these different ways , there are lots of innovations of work that are happening . ''
Before committing to a nomadic lifestyle , Brown sought out more traditional means of cost-effective housing . “ In the past , I 've tried to either live in cheaper areas or live in communal housing . ”
While living in the San Francisco Bay Area , she shared a historic house with eight other people . “ But I 'm not really a fan of roommates , which made it difficult , ” she says .
She was always enamored with the idea of traveling constantly , but the end of a relationship finally gave her the push to get started . “ Instead of finding a new place to live , [ I ] just decided to fulfill my fantasy of traveling constantly . I cut down my belongings to eight boxes and two suitcases—put the boxes in storage in my mother 's basement and carry the essentials with me in my suitcases . ”
Brown started freelance writing about travel and history as a way to make income on the go .
“ For a lot of young people in this generation , work has a new normal , compared to their parents and grandparents , ” Worth says , discussing how many millennials have unique and flexible work .
They 're as flexible with work as they are with housing , changing jobs often . A recent Gallup poll found that 45 percent of millennials would change jobs for student loan reimbursement and tuition reimbursement , and 50 percent would change jobs for part-time flex work options .
“ Part of the wider story is thinking about how housing , work , and our social lives fit together , ” Worth says . “ As housing becomes nontraditional in all these different ways , there are lots of innovations of work that are happening , as well as trying to make work possible but also fulfilling . ”
Millennials are known for embracing the gig economy , a work style characterized by a series of contract jobs and short-term assignments . Self-employment and fluctuating income make it a lot more difficult to buy a house .
Worth believes variations of de la Cretaz 's home-sharing structure are common for individuals doing freelance work . Housing coping strategies , she says , are useful for those with freelance or contract jobs , who do n't necessarily want to be the only name on a long-term lease .
For de la Cretaz , there were other perks .
“ It gave us housing stability , allowed us to begin saving for retirement , provided childcare help for us when we had other people living in our home , and gave friends and community members a place to live when they needed it , ” she says .
`` The idea of what 's normal has really changed . ''
Alaina Leary , 25 , works in publishing from home and opted to live in Quincy , a town in the Boston area with a lower cost of living .
“ It has no doubt saved me a lot of money and time . It 's time I now spend working and making money , and even the extra 2–3 hours per day five days a week has yielded thousands of extra dollars in my savings account over 2017 and early 2018 , ” Leary says .
While these approaches are innovative , Worth says , they 're choices being made not just from a cultural standpoint , but also out of necessity .
“ If you look at the baby boomers , a lot of them were able to move out by their late teens even and had permanent full-time jobs with benefits in their 20s , but within one generation that 's really changed , ” Worth says . “ The idea of what 's normal has really changed . Young people typically look to their parents for what to expect , but nothing is the same in terms of wider social conditions around work , housing , and family life . ”
The nonprofit policy research organization Generation Squeeze estimates it took five years to save a 20 percent down payment in 1976 , compared to 13–27 years today . Many Americans are no longer able to make a 20 percent down payment .
But interestingly , Worth says , millennials seem to be less bothered by communal living situations . “ One in three people surveyed responded with ‘ I lived at home because I want to stay with my parents , ' ” she says . “ That is n't necessarily new with the millennial generation , but it 's an unreflected-upon part of why millennials live at home , this idea of generational interconnectedness and helping each other cope in times of economic stress . ”
“ I 'm taking this time of not having rent to save up some money and decide where I want to settle down long term—or if I want to settle down at all , ” Brown says .
Barcelona head coach Ernesto Valverde does not believe the Supercopa de Espana scoreline was a true reflection of his side 's performance against bitter rivals Real Madrid .
It was a night to forget for Barça , who went down 3-1 to Spanish and European champions Madrid in the first leg at Camp Nou on Sunday .
Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off with eight minutes remaining but Madrid still triumphed on enemy territory thanks to the four-time Ballon d'Or winner , Marco Asensio and an own goal from Gerard Pique .
Lionel Messi 's 77th-minute penalty restored parity after Barça team-mate Pique turned the ball into his own net early in the second half , however , Madrid finished strongly to take control of the Supercopa .
📷 Pictures from the 3-1 defeat at home to Real Madrid ... Hopefully Wednesday will bring better fortune 🔵🔴 pic.twitter.com/YhNANZs1qx — FC Barcelona ( @ FCBarcelona ) August 14 , 2017
Speaking to reporters post-match , Valverde said : `` I do n't have the feeling that we were as far away from [ Real Madrid ] as the scoreboard indicates .
`` They scored three goals , but this was a game in which we played well and had chances .
`` Reaching their danger zones is n't all that matters , as you also need to hit the target . I do n't believe that we 're lacking goalscoring ability , but they were more clinical .
`` They caught us in a one-versus-one situation and then scored one wonder goal and then another to make it 3-1 . It was an even game and they had a strong central midfield , which made playing inside difficult .
`` Their second goal really hurt us . We congratulate them and we will try to improve for the next match . ''
Barça travels to Madrid for the return leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .
`` We have a very unfavourable aggregate score and the opponent is the favourite , '' Valverde added . `` Now we have to play a second leg and things are never over after one defeat , or after one victory .
`` When you lose you want another game to come along quickly to try to put things right . We are a little bit taken aback , but we have time to recover our energy . ''
Barça got a glimpse into life without Neymar following his world-record move to French giants Paris Saint-Germain .
Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele have been tipped to help fill the void at Barça and Valverde said : `` We are Barcelona and we want to have the best team . We have time [ to sign ] until August 31 , but I want to evaluate what we already have inside the club . ''
Everything you need to know about the last match of the tournament
Sadly , though it feels like the World Cup 2018 is just getting into the swing of things , we are edging ever closer to the final , and thus , the end of this glorious month of pure football .
Advertisement
Four years ago , Germany defeated Argentina to win the 20th World Cup in Rio de Janeiro , after a moment of brilliance from Mario Gotze . Now , they are out of the tournament – we know we will have new World Cup champions very soon .
Spain , Portugal , Argentina , England , Uruguay , Belgium , Brazil , Mexico , France and host nation Russia are all still in the running , as a tough knockout stage awaits .
Find out everything you need to know about the World Cup Final 2018 below .
When is the World Cup Final 2018 on TV ?
The final will be held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow at 4pm BST on Sunday 15th July .
Where can I watch the World Cup Final 2018 ?
The match will be shown on both ITV and BBC1 .
Who is playing ?
We 've got a fair few knockout round matches to go before that is determined – the finalists are currently TBC .
Who are the favourites ?
Spain and Brazil are the favourites to lift the trophy , at 4/1 and 5/1 respectively .
Advertisement
What happened in 2014 ?
Lionel Messi 's hopes of carrying his team to a third World Cup triumph were dashed by Germany and Mario Gotze , who put a beautiful controlled volley beyond Sergio Romero in the second half of extra time . It was the only goal in a tightly contested game – but the Germans were worthy winners .
In this Saturday , May 26 , 2018 image from video released by the U.S. Geological Survey , lava sends up clouds of steam and toxic gases as it enters the Pacific Ocean as Kilauea Volcano continues its eruption cycle near Pahoa on the island of Kilauea , Hawaii . Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island , approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava . ( U.S. Geological Survey via AP )
Image copyright Google Image caption The child was injured in Derwent Drive in the King 's Heath area of Northampton
A moped rider who hit and seriously injured a three-year-old boy has been jailed for two-and-a-half years .
The child was playing outside a house in Derwent Drive , Northampton , when the crash happened on 12 June .
He lost teeth and needed surgery on his face , Northampton Crown Court heard .
Alan Day , 29 , of no fixed address , pleaded guilty to causing injury by dangerous driving , failing to stop at the scene of an accident and driving without a licence or insurance .
The court was told the boy 's mother had briefly left him alone to go back inside the house when she heard a loud bang .
When she returned she found her son motionless by the kerb and saw a cyclist driving away .
The youngster suffered a cut to the top of his head , lost four teeth and needed an operation on a split lip .
The court heard the boy had been left with facial scars , was distressed and still had nightmares .
'Significant ' consequences
Judge Michael Fowler said Day had been riding around the King 's Heath area off-road on a moped with a flat tyre and behaved `` with a total disregard for safety of others and the rules of the road '' .
During sentencing , he told Day : `` I recognise you do regret your behaviour but the consequences were significant for the boy and his family .
`` This was n't a glancing blow that knocked him to the ground but a significant contact with a vehicle you were driving .
Day was arrested after being named by people in the area and on social media - and detectives said at the time said that `` emotions are running high in the community '' .
He was also disqualified from driving for three years .
Senators Approve Bill To Speed Self-Driving Car Adoption
Legislation that could help usher in a new era of self-driving cars advanced in Congress on Wednesday after the bill 's sponsors agreed to compromise to address some concerns of safety advocates .
The Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee approved the bill by a voice vote , a sign of broad , bipartisan support . It would allow automakers to apply for exemptions to current federal auto safety standards in order to sell up to 15,000 self-driving cars and light trucks per manufacturer in the first year after passage . Up to 40,000 per manufacturer could be sold in the second year , and 80,000 each year thereafter .
Action by the full Senate is still needed and differences with a similar bill passed by the House would have to be worked out before the measure could become law .
The bill initially would have allowed manufacturers to sell up to 100,000 self-driving vehicles a year , but that number was reduced in last-minute negotiations . In another change , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration would evaluate the safety performance of the vehicles before increasing the number of vehicles manufacturers can sell .
Supporters of the bill , which was sought by the auto industry , say it would be a boon to safety since an estimated 94 percent of crashes involve human error . They say it would also help the disabled .
The bill `` is primarily about saving lives , '' but it will also increase U.S. international competitiveness and create jobs , said Sen. Gary Peters , D-Michigan .
Safety advocates said the bill has been significantly improved , but they still have serious concerns . Joan Claybrook , a NHTSA administrator under President Jimmy Carter , said the bill is one of the `` biggest assaults '' ever on the landmark 1966 law that empowered the federal government to set auto safety standards because it permits such large and unprecedented number of exemptions to those standards .
Automakers are `` making guinea pigs out of their buyers , '' she said .
Under the bill , the NHTSA would have 180 days after an application in which to grant or deny the exemption . Manufacturers must show that they can provide an equivalent of safety . Safety advocates say six months is n't enough time for an agency that is undermanned and lacks expertise in self-driving technology to effectively make such determinations .
The bill is broad enough to permit exemptions to standards that protect occupants in a crash , like airbags , safety advocates said .
There are no federal safety standards for many of the technologies at the heart of self-driving cars , like software and sensors , and there is no sign that the Trump administration would create such standards . Administration and auto and technology industry officials suggest that new regulations would be unable to keep up with rapid developments in technology and would slow deployment of self-driving cars .
The bill pre-empts state and local governments from enacting their own safety standards in the absence of federal standards . Industry officials have complained that being forced to comply with a patchwork of state safety laws would be unmanageable . But another compromise made to the bill allows states to continue their traditional roles of licensing vehicles and regulating auto insurance even if their actions affect the design of vehicles . Wrongful death lawsuits against manufacturers would also be allowed in states that permit them .
Automakers have experienced the largest number of recalls for safety defects in the industry 's history in recent years . General Motors , for example , was found to have buried evidence of an ignition switch defect that ultimately caused the recall of 2.6 million small cars worldwide . The switches played a role in at least 124 deaths and 275 injuries .
Also , about 70 million defective Takata airbag inflators are being recalled in the U.S . The inflators are responsible for up to 19 deaths worldwide and more than 180 injures .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
Read more on : Automotive , Self-Driving , Autonomous , Google , Alphabet , Uber , Lyft , Waymo , Government
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Tesla Desperate for Cash in Push To Get Model 3 to Masses
Tesla is raising $ 1.5 billion as it ramps up production of the Model 3 sedan , its first mass market electric
The company said Monday that it planned to offer senior notes due in 2025 and would use the offering 's proceeds to further strengthen its balance sheet during rapid scaling of the Model 3 .
Tesla delivered the first 30 Model 3s to employees at the end of July . At the time , CEO Elon Musk worried some investors when he warned that Tesla was about to embark on `` at least six months of manufacturing hell '' as it attempts to get Model 3 production to 5,000 cars per week by December .
But last week , Musk clarified his comments , and said Tesla should be able to overcome any supplier issues and other potential obstacles . Musk said investors should have `` zero concern '' about whether Tesla will be able to meet its goal of making 10,000 Model 3s per week by next year .
But that will cost money , and Tesla is burning through cash at a rapid rate . The company spent $ 1.2 billion in the second quarter preparing for the Model 3 's arrival .
Tesla had $ 3 billion in cash on hand at the end of the second quarter , but said it expects to spend $ 2 billion in the second half of this year .
When Musk was asked last week if he would like to raise more cash as a buffer , he said the company was considering a debt offering but not an offering of stocks .
The Model 3 's $ 35,000 starting price -- half the cost of Tesla 's previous models -- and range of up to 310 miles ( 498 km ) could bring hundreds of thousands of customers into the automaker 's fold , taking it from a niche luxury brand to the mainstream .
Tesla shares fell less than 1 percent to $ 356.25 in morning trading .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
We use cookies to personalize content , features and ads . We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Cameron Bancroft ( left ) and David Warner ( right ) were banned by Cricket Australia , along with Steve Smith
Banned Australia batsmen David Warner and Cameron Bancroft are set to play in a limited-overs tournament in Darwin during July .
The pair were suspended from state and international cricket in Australia after being involved in a ball-tampering scandal against South Africa .
However , they can play at club level and will take part in the month-long Strike League tournament .
`` I 'm really looking forward to playing in it , '' said Warner .
Bancroft , 25 , is available for the whole tournament , while 31-year-old Warner has committed to two one-day matches on 21 and 22 July .
`` We 're delighted that Cameron and David will be joining us in Darwin , '' said Northern Territory Cricket chief Joel Morrison .
`` Their presence and experience will be invaluable for our local players . ''
Ex-Australia vice-captain Warner and opener Bancroft were banned by Cricket Australia , along with former captain Steve Smith , for their part in the ball-tampering controversy during the Test match in Cape Town in March .
Smith , 28 , and Warner were given year-long bans , while Bancroft was suspended for nine months .
They can also play in domestic tournaments abroad and Smith will make his return to cricket as a marquee player in the inaugural Global T20 Canada league this summer .
Warner could also play in the tournament before taking part in the Strike League games .
Roger Federer has pulled out of the Cincinnati Open with a back injury , meaning Rafa Nadal will return next week as the world number one for the first time since 2014 .
Federer , who has participated in the Ohio warm-up tournament for the US Open on seven occasions , said he had picked up the injury in Montreal , where he lost to Germany 's Alexander Zverev in the final .
`` I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing here , '' Federer said in a statement issued by the tournament .
`` Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them . Unfortunately , I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week . ''
Federer 's withdrawal assures that Nadal will be top of the rankings when they are issued on 21 August . The Spaniard will be back in the top spot for the first time since 6 July , 2014 .
Nadal will take the number one position from Briton Andy Murray , who previously announced he would not play in Cincinnati due to a hip injury .
Nadal , who has won one grand slam and two Masters 1000 titles in 2017 , was upset by 18-year-old Canadian Denis Shapovalov at the Rogers Cup last week .
If you could bend time … regardless of eras , what four drivers would you like to see race for the win at Daytona ?
Nate Ryan : Dale Earnhardt , Dale Earnhardt Jr. David Pearson and Richard Petty . When I think of winners in magical moments at Daytona , those are the four names that initially come to mind . The next question would be : Does the race happen with or without restrictor plates ?
Dustin Long : Richard Petty , David Pearson , Dale Earnhardt Sr. and Mario Andretti . All Daytona 500 winners and among the greats in racing .
Daniel McFadin : Dale Earnhardt Jr. from 2004 , Dale Earnhardt Sr. from 1991 , Bill Elliott from 1988 and Brad Keselowski from today . Give them some IROC cars from 1999 and let them loose for 25 laps .
Dan Beaver : Richard Petty , David Pearson , Jeff Gordon and Dale Earnhardt Sr . I 'm not sure who would win , but it would certainly be spectacular .
What driver currently outside a playoff spot is one you think has the best chance to win Saturday 's race at Daytona ( 7:30 p.m . ET on NBC ) ?
Nate Ryan : Jamie McMurray . The two-time winner at Daytona always is a solid driver in plate races if he can avoid the wrecks and getting antsy in the draft .
Dustin Long : Ryan Newman . He 's won at Daytona before and his teammate , Austin Dillon , won the Daytona 500 in February . Richard Childress Racing could make it two in a row there .
Daniel McFadin : I think Paul Menard could be a sleeper . He 's finished in the top six in his last three Daytona starts . He and AJ Allmendinger are the only drivers who have finished in the top 10 in the last three Daytona races .
Dan Beaver : The defending winner of this race , Ricky Stenhouse Jr. , has a knack for plate racing and could get into the playoffs this week .
What 's the wildest finish you 've witnessed ?
Nate Ryan : The Oct. 7 , 2012 race at Talladega Superspeedway . Tony Stewart attempted to throw a block off Turn 4 on the last lap , and 25 cars wrecked a few hundred yards from the finish line in a massive storm of dirt , sheet metal and smoke
Dustin Long : The finish to the 2007 Daytona 500 . It has Kevin Harvick and Mark Martin side-by-side to the checkered flag , cars crashing behind them , Clint Bowyer crossing the finish line on his roof and fire coming from the engine .
Daniel McFadin : In person : Last fall 's Martinsville race . Sure , the Chase Elliott/Denny Hamlin incident was all anyone remembers . But do n't forget the massive pile-up on the frontstretch coming to the checkered flag . Even though it 's a short track , that was out of character for Martinsville . From home : I already used the 2012 Watkins Glen race for an answer a few weeks ago , so I 'm going with the Xfinity Series here . The bizarre finish at Iowa in 2011 when Ricky Stenhouse Jr. lost his engine hundreds of feet from the checkered flag and was rammed from behind by teammate Carl Edwards , which pushed him across the finish line for the win .
Dan Beaver : I have to go with one of the greatest finishes from earlier in the week . Ricky Craven and Kurt Busch crashing as they crossed the finish line – and providing a photo finish in the process – has to be one of the best finishes ever .
Raheem Sterling claims Manchester City are being `` butchered '' by bad tackles .
The England international also fears he or a City team-mate could miss the World Cup if stronger action is not taken to prevent potentially damaging challenges .
A number of the Premier League leaders ' players have been on the receiving end of controversial tackles in recent months , with manager Pep Guardiola repeatedly calling for referees to provide better protection .
Last weekend Leroy Sané was caught by a late studs-up slide from Cardiff 's Joe Bennett and now faces up to seven weeks out with ankle ligament damage .
In midweek Brahim Diaz escaped injury after being hit high by West Brom 's Matt Phillips while , in the same game , James McClean also made a cynical attempt to foul Kevin De Bruyne before a goal .
Guardiola has made his point often enough that he did not feel the need to revisit the issue as he held a press conference on Friday , but that did not stop one of his key players speaking out .
Sterling , himself hit by a bad tackle from Tottenham 's Harry Kane in December , said : `` I find it a bit unfair at times .
`` I feel that we have n't been protected enough in certain situations . I think some of the challenges have been awful .
`` It 's not what I expect to see in a top-flight football match , especially when teams are losing and just go out to kick players . I do n't think that 's right .
`` I do think we need to cut down on that because we 've got a World Cup at the end of the year and majority of the players in the top flight , and in our team , will be playing in it and it would be sad to see someone miss the tournament due to a silly tackle and someone gets away with it . ''
Pep Guardiola
In terms of his own game , Sterling is enjoying the best season of his career having scored 19 goals and laid on six assists for quadruple-challenging City .
The 23-year-old said : `` It 's the environment I 'm in . I 'm just loving it and hopefully that can keep happening . ''
Guardiola said of Sterling 's form : `` He 's a young player but I think he has shown amazing things at difficult stages this season . ''
City face Burnley on Saturday but then do not play again until hosting Leicester the following Saturday , their longest gap between games since the November international break and as a result Guardiola will give his players some time off .
He said : `` From Saturday afternoon until Wednesday afternoon the doors of the CFA ( City Football Academy ) will be closed . We need to not see each other ! They can travel , they can do whatever they want . For three days they have to forget a little bit about football . ''
Once again , VMware 's IT organization has been selected to the Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2017 list . For those of you keeping track , this is VMware 's 4th year participating , and every year VMware has placed well . This year , however , we knocked it out of the park by moving from # 26 ( last year ) up to # 6 ( out of 51 ) in the large organization category . This is a significant jump and further validation from both our employees and the industry that VMware is a great place to be .
The Best Places to Work in IT list is compiled based on a comprehensive questionnaire regarding company offerings in categories such as benefits , career development , training and retention . In addition , Computerworld conducts extensive surveys of IT professionals , and their responses factor heavily in determining the rankings . Each year , 100 organizations are selected by the Computerworld editorial team to receive this award .
In times like these , when finding and securing talent is so competitive , it speaks volumes that our employees have decided to share their time and expertise with VMware . It is the dedication to our people and our work that has made the VMware team the powerhouse that it is today .
Read the entire article here , VMware Ranks No . 6 on List of 100 Best Places to Work in IT
via the fine folks at VMware !
The BBC has hit back at reports that last year 's agonising iguana chase in Planet Earth II was faked , saying that their filmmakers had faithfully captured “ extraordinary animal behaviour which had never been witnessed or filmed before ” .
The scene , in which an iguana was relentlessly pursued by a group of snakes before eventually scuttling to freedom , was a big deal . It has been viewed over 140 million times across YouTube , Facebook and Chinese social media platforms Weibo and Tencent , and earlier this year the sequence won the BAFTA for TV 's ‘ Must See Moment ' .
But the broadcaster felt the need to speak out after media outlets picked up on Planet Earth II producer Elizabeth White 's comments at a Media Production event in London . She told the audience : “ It was n't the same iguana no , and often we have to augment it with other clips . Unfortunately lizards , snakes and iguanas are n't good at ‘ takes ' . ”
But a spokesperson for the BBC has defended David Attenborough 's programme .
`` The BBC strongly refutes any suggestion that the award-winning iguana v snakes sequence was 'faked ' , ” she said .
`` As is common in natural history film-making , pick-up shots were filmed separately – for example close-ups of iguana eyes – to make the story of the sequence as clear as possible for the audience .
This is absolutely in keeping with the norms of natural history film-making – and absolutely in line with the BBC 's editorial policy guidelines , and was a true representation of animal behaviour . ”
Crucially , the spokesperson confirmed that the final chase was the real deal .
`` The final iguana chase in which one iguana escapes the snakes was – unusually for natural history filming – shot using two cameras , allowing us to follow both the individual iguana and the snakes ' point of view .
`` What was captured in the field was extraordinary animal behaviour which had never been witnessed or filmed before . ''
So , not 'Fake News ' , then . Phew .
Video
The president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews , Jonathan Arkush , was at the Jewish leaders ' meeting with Jeremy Corbyn to discuss anti-Semitism in the Labour Party .
The Labour leader has said he is `` absolutely committed to rooting out anti-Semitism '' .
If you own one of Google 's Home devices , you might want to keep an eye on your email 's inbox . Google is giving some people their choice of a free audiobook to celebrate the format 's recent arrival on Google Play . Even better , it looks like Google is allowing the promo to be applied to pretty much any audiobook in its new library , meaning you can get an audiobook that would cost almost as much as your Home Mini did for free .
Some of the choices Google presents , but you can seemingly choose any book .
A few of us here at Android Police have received the promo email ourselves , but we ca n't be sure that everyone who has purchased a Google Home will get it . At least three of us to see it picked up a Google Home Mini in the past few months , if that 's any indicator . And , we 're all in the US , so YMMV for other countries .
From what I can tell , the promo appears to work for any book . If you follow the link in the email , you 're presented with some of Google 's `` Popular '' choices , but I was able to manually navigate to other more expensive listings , and it still claimed I could apply my book reward at the time of checkout . I ca n't really check every listing on Play Books , but it appears to work with every book I can find regardless of price .
If you do get such an email , there 's no rush to choose your audiobook . The promotion valid until February 10th 2019 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) - The Latest on the parade celebrating the Pittsburgh Penguins ' Stanley Cup championship ( all times local ) :
1:45 p.m .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' Stanley Cup victory parade and rally drew an estimated 650,000 people downtown . Not bad for a city that , officially , has only 305,000 residents .
The crowd estimate by city public works and public safety officials makes it the largest parade , by far , to turn out for any of the Penguins ' five championships . Last year 's parade drew about 400,000 people - the most up to that point - and officials predicted as many as 500,000 might turn out to celebrate the team 's back-to-back championships .
This year 's parade was different than last year 's in that it ended at Point State Park , where a stage was set up so the team and coaches could address the fans .
Sunny weather and temperatures in the mid-80s helped the turnout .
___
12:45 p.m .
Pittsburgh Penguins players have greeted cheering fans while riding in pickup trucks , convertible cars and buses during a parade celebrating the Stanley Cup champions .
MVP Sidney Crosby was riding with the cup during the Wednesday parade in downtown Pittsburgh . But he jumped out of the vehicle occasionally to give fans a close look and allow them to take pictures .
The cheering crowd was 20 deep in some spots along the route . The city says it will provide a crowd estimate , but planners predicted as many as 500,000 people might show up .
The Penguins beat the Nashville Predators 2-0 in Game 6 on Sunday .
___
6:25 a.m .
Hundreds of fans already have lined up along downtown Pittsburgh streets and in Point State Park for a parade to celebrate the Penguins ' Stanley Cup championship .
Planners say as many as 500,000 people could turn out Wednesday , surpassing the 400,000 who attended last year 's celebration , which was the biggest for any of the team 's five Stanley Cup championships .
The parade route streets will close by 9 a.m. for the 11 a.m. parade . The parade will run along Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies as it did last year . But this year , it will continue into Point State Park , where players , coaches and other dignitaries will take the stage .
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It seems wedding bells will be ringing later this week for Rory McIlroy .
According to a report from the Belfast Telegraph , McIlroy and fiancee Erica Stoll will be married Saturday , April 22 . In what is reportedly being dubbed the `` wedding of the decade , '' One Direction star Niall Horan is expected to attend alongside many of golf 's biggest names .
The nuptials are set to take place at Ashford Castle in Ireland , where the couple have twice celebrated New Year 's Eve together .
McIlroy , 27 , met Stoll during the 2012 Ryder Cup when she was working for the PGA of America and famously saved him from missing his tee time on the final day of competition . He was previously engaged to tennis player Caroline Wozniacki but abruptly ended the engagement in May 2014 .
McIlroy and Stoll began dating after his split from Wozniacki , and the pair were engaged in December 2015 .
McIlroy finished T-7 at the Masters in his most recent start . He 's expected to make his first tournament appearance as a married man next month at the Players Championship .
How far would you go to propose ?
Valentines day is traditionally noted as the most romantic day of the year , where many people exchange cards and buy gifts for their loved ones .
By TOM WITHERS
AP Sports Writer
BEREA , Ohio ( AP ) - Cleveland Browns rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer has signed his four-year contract .
The deal is projected to be worth nearly $ 5 million and include a $ 1.7 million signing bonus .
The second-round draft pick from Notre Dame has shown progress during the team 's mandatory minicamp and Kizer took snaps on Tuesday with Cleveland 's starting offense . Kizer is battling veterans Cody Kessler and Brock Osweiler for the starting job . Kizer has been pleased with his development so far , but reiterated Wednesday that he has a lot to learn .
The Browns , who have started 27 quarterbacks since 1999 , selected Kizer with the No . 52 overall pick . He started 25 games for the Fighting Irish , passing for 5,809 yards and 47 touchdowns .
Cleveland has signed eight of its 10 draft picks from 2017 .
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
There were reasons Houston Texans rookie quarterback Deshaun was not a top 10 pick at the 2017 NFL draft . But not one of them made sense . Eric Christian Smith AP
Will Chose Gay History Over a Boner on Last Night 's ‘ Will & Grace ' — WATCH
Donald Trump announced Hispanic Heritage Month by declaring his love for Puerto Rico with a terrible Spanish accent , but at least nobody got paper towels thrown at them .
GENEVA : More than 500,000 people in Yemen have been infected with cholera since the epidemic began four months ago and 1,975 people have died , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) said on Monday .
Each day there are more than 5,000 new cases of the waterborne disease , which causes acute diarrhea and dehydration , in the country where the health system has collapsed , it said .
“ The total number of suspected cholera cases in Yemen this year hit the 500,000 mark on Sunday , and nearly 2,000 people have died since the outbreak began to spread rapidly at the end of April , ” the WHO said in a statement .
“ The spread of cholera has slowed significantly in some areas compared to peak levels but the disease is still spreading fast in more recently affected districts , which are recording large numbers of cases , ” it said , reporting a total of 503,484 cases .
The disease , spread by ingestion of food or water tainted with human faeces , can kill within hours if untreated . It has been largely eradicated in developed countries equipped with sanitation systems and water treatment .
Yemen 's 30,000 critical health workers have not been paid salaries in nearly a year and critical medicines are lacking , the WHO said .
“ These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response — without them we can do nothing in Yemen . They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives , ” said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus , WHO director general .
WHO and partners are working around the clock to set up cholera treatment clinics , rehabilitate health facilities , deliver medical supplies and support the national effort , the UN agency said .
More than 99 percent of patients who reach health facilities survive but children and the elderly are most vulnerable .
“ The response is working in some places . We can tell you that surveillance confirms a decline in suspected cases over the past four weeks in some of the most affected governorates , ” WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib told a news briefing last Friday .
“ Most notably Sanaa city , Hajja and Amran are consistent with his decline . But in many other districts , cases and deaths persist and are on the rise . ”
GENEVA : More than 500,000 people in Yemen have been infected with cholera since the epidemic began four months ago and 1,975 people have died , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) said on Monday .
Each day there are more than 5,000 new cases of the waterborne disease , which causes acute diarrhea and dehydration , in the country where the health system has collapsed , it said .
“ The total number of suspected cholera cases in Yemen this year hit the 500,000 mark on Sunday , and nearly 2,000 people have died since the outbreak began to spread rapidly at the end of April , ” the WHO said in a statement .
“ The spread of cholera has slowed significantly in some areas compared to peak levels but the disease is still spreading fast in more recently affected districts , which are recording large numbers of cases , ” it said , reporting a total of 503,484 cases .
The disease , spread by ingestion of food or water tainted with human faeces , can kill within hours if untreated . It has been largely eradicated in developed countries equipped with sanitation systems and water treatment .
Yemen 's 30,000 critical health workers have not been paid salaries in nearly a year and critical medicines are lacking , the WHO said .
“ These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response — without them we can do nothing in Yemen . They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives , ” said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus , WHO director general .
WHO and partners are working around the clock to set up cholera treatment clinics , rehabilitate health facilities , deliver medical supplies and support the national effort , the UN agency said .
More than 99 percent of patients who reach health facilities survive but children and the elderly are most vulnerable .
“ The response is working in some places . We can tell you that surveillance confirms a decline in suspected cases over the past four weeks in some of the most affected governorates , ” WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib told a news briefing last Friday .
“ Most notably Sanaa city , Hajja and Amran are consistent with his decline . But in many other districts , cases and deaths persist and are on the rise . ”
Do you know someone in our community who always goes the extra mile to help keep the area at its ‘ Best Kept ' ?
If so , then it 's time to speak up as the Northern Ireland Best Kept Awards has issued a final call to the Ballymena area to nominate special individuals who work tirelessly to ensure our communities are a better , cleaner and brighter place for everyone .
The event , organised by the Northern Ireland Amenity Council , launched in January with new partner George Best Belfast City Airport .
The initiative seeks to identify and celebrate Northern Ireland 's best looked after towns , villages , schools , healthcare facilities and housing areas , as well as the invaluable volunteers who give their time to ensure their areas stay tidy . First established in 1957 , the competition has grown over the years and now includes 90 awards across six categories .
The ‘ Community Achiever ' award was introduced in 2015 to recognise the hard work and important role that volunteers play . Nominations should be emailed to niamenity @ btconnect.com on or before Friday , August 25 , the applications will then be judged and the winner announced at the final awards ceremony of the year for Best Kept Town andVillage at Belfast City Hall on October 10 .
Doreen Muskett , President , Northern Ireland Amenity Council , said : “ Volunteers are central to ensuring that our cities , towns and villages are litter free , clean and colourful . Without their efforts , the Best Kept Awards would simply not exist and it is thanks to them that our communities are a better , cleaner and brighter place for everyone to enjoy .
“ Over the 60 years of the Best Kept Award initiatives , our judges have met hundreds of inspiring individuals who go the extra mile for the benefit of their community , neighbours and everyone 's enjoyment .
“ We are delighted to be able to recognise special individuals who go above and beyond for the benefit of all . ”
Nominating an individual for the Community Achiever award is really simple . All you need to do is submit a short summary outlining who the person is , describing some of their great work and their impact on your community .
Dustin Johnson 's comeback is still on track , despite lingering pain and tightness in his back .
“ It 's still a little bit bruised , ” Johnson said in a phone interview . “ But today I hit balls , and everything was pretty good . It 's a little tight , but I can swing just fine . I was very happy with my practice session today . I was hitting it very well . Hardly any issues . I would say it 's about 85 , 90 percent . ”
The World No . 1 withdrew from the Masters prior to teeing off in his opening round a day after injuring his back in a fall on the stairs of his rental home . Johnson went through a full warm-up on the range but ultimately decided to withdraw only minutes before his tee time .
It was a huge blow for golf fans , many of whom were hoping to watch the tournament favorite attempt to win his second major championship and fourth straight event . Johnson , too , was disappointed to be relegated to the sidelines . “ I watched , ” he said . “ I was laying on the couch or in bed , so I really could n't do anything else . I did n't like watching though . That 's one thing I do n't want to do anymore . ”
Luckily for Johnson , he does n't have much longer to wait to get back in the mix . Last week , he announced his intention to return to competitive play at the Wells Fargo Championship May 4-7 . He had previously planned to take three weeks off after the Masters , so the extra rest and recuperation turned out to be well-timed .
“ I felt good probably since about last Monday. ” Johnson said . “ I 've got a few weeks off , so there was just no point in rushing anything . I just kind of took it easy , just been training a little bit , taking care of it so I wo n't have any issues . Today was good . I hit balls all the way through driver and I was fine , so that was very reassuring . ”
This article originally appeared on
Any masochist who has spent an ounce of time taking part in the eye gouge that is “ internet discourse ” has heard one of its core tenets , Mike Godwin 's law . That law , as recounted in Wired , goes as follows :
“ As an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one . ”
We 've all been there . Maybe you were discussing Naruto , or Vince the Slap Chop guy , or comparing saxophone brands on a message board . But if an argument breaks out and both sides dig in their heels enough , someone gets called a Nazi , then someone else mentions Godwin 's law , and the conversation is over
In this case , the “ alt righters ” marching in Charlottesville are , well , flying swastikas , Sieg Heil-ing , and wearing shirts with Hitler quotes . Goodwin took to Facebook to let everyone know that if it walks and talks like a Nazi , better let people know what it really is .
Godwin said in a comment that the post did n't come from nowhere , but was responding to a Facebook message from a concerned follower . As you may have experienced , people often invoke Goodwin 's law to derail conversations where the opponent draws a Nazi comparison .
We reached out to Godwin for a response , who gave Gizmodo the following context in a Facebook message : “ Like so many people , I 'm so appalled at what happened in Charlottesville that I have n't known what to say , or whether to say anything at all . But she , ” the original Facebook messenger , “ asked for something that was easy for me to give . ”
So , you heard the man . If you see an actual Nazi , call them what they are . [ Facebook , h/t River Devora ! ]
A Black Hawk helicopter crashed onto a golf course in Maryland during a routine training flight , killing one crew member and injuring the two others on board , the U.S. Army said .
The cause of the Monday crash is under investigation , the Army Military District of Washington said in a statement . One witness described pieces falling from the aircraft and another said it was spinning before it went down .
“ We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community , ” said Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker , commanding general of the Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington . “ Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy , and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time . ”
Three crew members were aboard the UH-60 Black Hawk for what the Army said was a training exercise when it crashed in Leonardtown , about 60 miles ( 97 kilometers ) southeast of Washington , D.C. , around 1:40 p.m . They were not identified , pending notification of relatives .
One person is in serious condition and one is in critical condition , the statement said . They were being treated at the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore .
The aircraft was from the 12th Aviation Battalion , stationed at Davison Airfield in Fort Belvoir , Virginia .
Kevin Bowen , who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club , said he saw the helicopter “ flying kind of low ” and then “ saw it spinning ” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the course .
Dorothy Harper , who lives across the street from the golf course , said she saw the helicopter just before it crashed .
“ I was outside in my front yard when I saw the helicopter come over right across the street from my house . I saw pieces actually falling off the helicopter , ” she said .
Harper said she did n't see smoke or flames , “ just pieces falling out of the sky . ”
Shortly after , emergency vehicles started rolling in , she said .
Army investigators were driving around the course in golf carts Monday evening , placing evidence markers near pieces of debris .
A team from the Army Combat Readiness Center , in Fort Rucker , Alabama , will be on site Tuesday to conduct the investigation , the Army 's statement said .
Black Hawks are mainly used for transporting troops , supplies and equipment , according to the Army . But other missions include training and support of disaster relief .
The incident comes less than two weeks after a military jet crashed in a wooded area just outside a suburban Washington neighborhood . The pilot , who was on a training mission , ditched his jet . He was treated for minor injuries , and no one else was injured in that incident .
CAIRO , Egypt — During the sweaty morning commute through one of Cairo 's busiest subway stations , passengers can now find the answers to some of life 's thorniest dilemmas .
Al Azhar , the revered 1,000-year-old mosque and college and Egypt 's ultimate source of Sunni Islam jurisprudence , has made its scholars available to the masses with a pop-up kiosk next to the turnstiles of Shouhada — “ Martyrs ” — subway station .
A handful of Muslim clerics huddle with passengers at a table in a windowed kiosk , cooled by a whirring fan , offering religious instructions or `` fatwas . '' Those in a rush grab a quick consultation outside .
Sheikhs provide theological advice to passengers at the temporary kiosk at Shouhada ' subway station in Cairo . Mohamed Muslemany / NBC News
Business is brisk — up from 50 visitors a day when the service began three weeks ago to about 150 a day now — and neighborhood couples even drop by to resolve martial disputes .
The pilot project is part of a growing effort by Egypt 's President Abdel Fatah al Sisi to counter extremist ideology with modern , moderate discourse in the mosque and on the street .
In recent years , Egypt has been rocked by large scale terrorist attacks on Christians by an ISIS-linked group and is battling radicals in North Sinai . Many believe moderate Islamic opinion can make a difference .
“ Imagine liquor , it is banned by Islamic law … but is acceptable when it belongs to non-Muslims . This is just one of many examples where Islam is building a correct and cohesive society … despite people 's differences and background , ” says Emad Abdel Nabi Mahmoud , an Al Azhar Islamic law professor .
Al Azhar recently initiated an outreach to young men .
“ The Grand Sheikh … encouraged scholars and preachers to go out to where the youth are , in coffee shops , forums and institutions , ” explains Islamic law expert Fahmy Ragab Mohamed . “ Young scholars sat with them … and corrected some of their opinions and thoughts and that is a very good thing . ”
Although Mahmoud credits Al Azhar leadership for the outreach initiative , he says the most important thing is “ not the motive but the result . ”
Sheikh Ali Mostafa ( R ) offers advice about family matters to the wife of Gamal Al Din ( L ) in the subway station . Mohamed Muslemany
In the subway , the clerics have not heard any extremist views from visitors . “ They would be afraid of saying anything ” , acknowledges Sheikh Ali Mostafa , 35 , a kind-faced cleric . “ The aim is to get closer to the people … gaining confidence , gaining trust . ”
He added : “ We try to mend the problem by coming to where the people are , to correct their understanding . Our offices are far away [ but ] here we are accessible to people . We reached the people . ”
Subway riders largely agree .
“ It 's a beautiful project , I got an answer in five minutes , ” says Gamal Al Din , a former director of a contracting company .
Fatma , 21 , smiles : “ I can do it on my way to university . ”
Visitors are reluctant to provide names because of the personal nature of their inquiries but most are happy to share their meetings . They ask about marriage , divorce , inheritance and commerce - and one even broaches the taboo subject of atheism .
Yasmin Minutallah , 26 , brings a nervous 23-year-old friend who works with her in a customer service job . “ She does n't know whether to believe in god or not , ” Minutallah explains . “ She is asking god for things and some happen and some do n't , even though god is supposed to answer prayers . ”
A 32-year-old engineer wants to divorce his new wife , complaining that her parents expect too much from his modest government salary . “ They are greedy , although she is good , ” he tells the clerics .
Muslim clerics huddle with passengers at a table in a windowed kiosk , cooled by a whirring fan , offering religious instructions or `` fatwas . '' Mohamed Muslemany / NBC News
He needs to know how much to pay for the divorce since they had n't lived together or consummated the marriage . The clerics urge him to reconcile first , and if that fails , to leave her half of the money and any jewelry he had already given . He privately admitted he agreed with the financial advice but would press ahead with the divorce .
A 45-year-old woman is seeking advice for her husband . Her mother-in-law threatened to cut ties with the husband if he claimed his legal inheritance from his deceased father .
Preacher Sheikh Gamal Abdel 'Al , 39 , advises her husband to regain his mother 's affection but to claim what is legally his .
Although passengers seem pleased with the on-the-go religious guidance , some analysts feel it will do little to reform religious thought .
“ It is a matter of enlightened interpretation rather than opening up a new religious outlet , ” says American University of Cairo political science professor , Gamal Abdel Gawad .
“ People of religion must be respected . They should be in the proper place and the proper place is not the metro . It is not like selling fast food . ”
The hospital caring for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , who was shot by a gunman during a Republican congressional charity baseball game practice today , says he is in critical condition .
Scalise was one of five people shot by James Hodgkinson early Wednesday . Hodgkinson , who is from Illinois , is dead .
`` Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime and the assailant has now died from his injuries , '' President Donald Trump said from the White House Wednesday morning .
Also shot were a congressional staffer and members of the Capitol police force .
Scalise , the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip , appeared to have been shot in the hip , Rep. Mo Brooks told CNN . A congressional staffer , Zach Barth , was also injured . Matt Mika , a lobbyist for Tyson Foods who sometimes practices with the team , was also identified as one of the victims , and Sen. Jeff Flake said Mika was the most seriously injured . House Speaker Paul Ryan also identified two members of the Capitol Police who were injured , Krystal Griner and David Bailey .
As of Wednesday afternoon , Scalise was in critical condition , according to MedStar Washington Hospital Center . A statement from Scalise 's office released earlier Wednesday morning said Scalise was undergoing surgery .
Lawmakers who were there described a chaotic scene , with many members of the congressional GOP baseball team huddled in a dugout while Capitol police who were part of Scalise 's security detail and local Alexandria police engaged in a shoot-out with Hodgkinson . Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a `` deliberate attack . ''
Later , House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity and praised the police , while Trump in an address from the White House said that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise .
`` Congressman Scalise is a friend , and a very good friend , '' Trump said . `` He 's a patriot . And he 's a fighter . He will recover from this assault -- and Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation , and frankly the entire world . America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting . ''
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park . Rep. Martha McSally , R-Arizona , said the game will still go on as scheduled . The annual game has been played since 1909 , and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting .
In a statement , Texas Rep. Roger Williams , one of the team 's coaches , said one of his staff members , legislative correspondent Zack Barth , was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention . Williams tweeted Barth was `` receiving medical attention but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery . ''
The Capitol Police officers who were injured are `` in good condition and have not suffered any life-threatening injuries at this point , '' Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said at a news conference .
Kevin Harvick explained Tuesday night on his SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show why he raced Stewart-Haas Racing teammate Kurt Busch so hard at the end of stage 2 at Chicagoland Speedway and his reaction to Busch 's radio rant .
Harvick passed Busch on the outside coming to the line to win the stage Sunday and score 10 points — and most importantly — one playoff point .
Busch went on a profanity-laced tirade on his radio before saying : “ That 's a teammate right there everybody . That 's what a teammate does . Never expected that from a teammate . ”
On his show “ Happy Hours , ” Harvick said :
“ For us and the No . 4 team , I mean , every point matters . Honestly , I did n't hit him . I did n't run into him . Did n't move him out of the way . So , he kind of has those tirades on the radio quite a bit .
“ I think for me , it 's really about the ( playoff ) point . When you look at the weekend , we felt like we were not where we wanted to be from a car standpoint and were able to get a good points weekend out of it and a stage win . I hate that it hurt his feelings , but that 's the way it goes sometimes . ”
Harvick agreed that a teammate is given more respect on the track but said it 's still racing .
“ It 's a situation where ( at Stewart-Haas Racing ) you are expected to race hard , ” Harvick said . “ There are no team orders . Everybody wants you to go out and race as hard as you can , and they want you to race each other as hard as you can without tearing up your race cars .
“ For me , I did n't see anything that was out of bounds . When ( NBC Sports ' ) Dave ( Burns ) asked me that question after the race ( about Busch ) , I did n't , obviously , hear the radio communication and the things out of Kurt 's mouth . But for me in the car , I thought it was a good race , gave him thumbs up down the backstraightaway and he gave me the thumbs up back .
“ I thought all was good . Like I say , those meltdowns are not uncommon from that particular radio . ”
By winning the stage , Harvick increased his total to 27 playoffs points . Kyle Busch has a series-high 30 playoff points . Kurt Busch has two playoff points .
“ Right now you want to try to win every stage , you want to try to win every race and everything you can because you never know what 's going to happen , ” Harvick said . “ You look at Kyle Larson last year . Everybody thought Kyle Larson was a lock to the end of the year because of the bonus points he had . Well , guess what , he blew a motor and wrecked , all in one ( round ) . … Anything can happen , no matter how many bonus points you have . But the more that you can gather , the more cushion that you give yourself against as many mistakes . ”
This is n't the first difference of opinion between the two former champions at SHR .
They had issues after the race at Talladega Superspeedway in the 2016 playoffs . Busch hit Harvick 's car on the cool-down lap . After they parked on pit road , Harvick went to Busch 's car , reached in with his right hand and leaned into the car .
Here is the video of what happened in that 2016 race and what both said afterward :
Red Sox reportedly shopping Jackie Bradley Jr
If the arms race is officially back on in the AL East , the Boston Red Sox have a lot of catching up to do . According to one report , they are willing to part with outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. in order to add more pop to their lineup .
Bob Nightengale of USA Today reported on Monday that the Red Sox are shopping Bradley around in pursuit of a power hitter .
The Boston # RedSox have let several teams know that CF Jackie Bradley is available in their pursuit of a power bat . # Cubs — Bob Nightengale ( @ BNightengale ) December 11 , 2017
Bradley is one of the best defensive outfielders in baseball , but he does n't provide a whole lot at the plate . Aside from his 29-game hitting streak in 2016 , Bradley has failed to produce consistently since he became a full-time MLB player . He hit just .245 last season , though he did provide 17 home runs and 63 RBI . Bradley has the ability to hit the ball out of the park , but he is a career .239 hitter .
Of course , Boston may feel more inclined to add a power bat to its lineup now that the Yankees have landed Giancarlo Stanton . The Red Sox felt the sting of not having David Ortiz last season , so power hitter was already a big need . The Stanton trade may have made it a more urgent one .
Tuesday April 18 , 2017
Orioles v. Reds 7:00pm | Pregame at 6:30pm
Blue Jackets v. Penguins 7:30pm | Pregame at 7:00pm
Reds
· Direct TV : FSCincinnati – 661 / 661-1
· Dish : FSCincinnati – 427 / 412-17
· AT & T : FSCincinnati – 732 / 1732
· Cable viewers :
o Columbus/Lima areas :
§ The game is being made available to providers to air on the alternate FOX Sports Ohio cable channels . Alternate channel information can be found HERE .
o Cincinnati , Dayton , Toledo , Wheeling/Steubenville , Bowling Green , KY , Evansville , IN , Indianapolis , Terre Haute , Fort Wayne , Louisville/Lexington , Charleston/Huntington areas :
§ Main FOX Sports Ohio cable channel
· The game is also streaming on FOX Sports GO .
Blue Jackets
· Direct TV : FSOhio – 660 / 660-1 / 661-2
· Dish : FSOhio – 425 / 412-15
· AT & T : FSOhio – 734 / 1734
· Cable viewers :
o Cincinnati , Toledo , Louisville/Lexington , Charleston/Huntington and Dayton areas :
§ The game is being made available to providers to air on the alternate FOX Sports Ohio cable channels in the event the Reds game goes long . Alternate channel information can be found HERE .
o Cleveland , Columbus/Lima areas :
§ Main FOX Sports Ohio cable channel
· The game is also streaming on FOX Sports GO .
As the NHS crisis hits the headlines , BBC2 has decided to build on the success of their critically acclaimed documentary series Hospital and commission another two series .
The first run was filmed at hospitals in the Imperial College Healthcare Trust London at the end of 2016 . It averaged 2.5 million viewers per episode as the public tried to grasp what was going on in our health service .
The next few series will look at other areas within the NHS , including maternity and mental health provision , and will attempt to untangle the complex relationship between primary care and social care at a time when every part of the NHS is under immense pressure .
Channel editor Patrick Holland said : `` The first series of Hospital was everything I want BBC2 to be . It is timely , brilliantly made and challenging TV .
`` It was editorially brave to make a series with such a short turnaround but it felt so timely for the audience . It was creatively ambitious , attracting the very best team of committed filmmakers to produce it .
`` And it was n't afraid to embrace complexity , engaging the audience with powerful personal dramas that illuminate the challenges faced by the NHS today . I am delighted to announce further episodes over the coming year . ''
Hospital is made by TV production company Label1 , who edit and broadcast the show just weeks after wrapping filming , keeping the documentary relevant .
Michelle Dixon , Director of Communications at Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust , said : “ It 's so important to develop a shared understanding of what 's happening in the NHS and what 's at stake . While the first series has provided a great insight to a whole range of issues and services , there is still much more to see . ”
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
( Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP ) . Potesters try to topple a Confederate monument with a chain Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , at Piedmont Park in Atlanta . The peace monument at the 14th Street entrance depicts an angel of peace stilling the ...
( Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP ) . This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr. , who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
( AP Photo/David Goldman ) . A photo of victim Heather Heyer sits beneath a statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , that was vandalized with spray paint from protesters who marched through the city last ...
( AP Photo/David Goldman ) . A statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta is vandalized with spray paint Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , from protesters who marched through the city last night to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesvi ...
( Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP ) . Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Richmond , Va . The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward . The march was held a day after a white supremacist ...
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. ( AP ) - The Latest on violent protests connected to a white nationalist rally in Virginia ( all times local ) :
___
1:30 p.m .
A former classmate of the man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says the suspect once said he went on a school trip to Germany so he could `` get to the Fatherland . ''
Keegan McGrath told The Associated Press on Monday that he was roommates with James Alex Fields Jr. on that trip in 2015 .
McGrath says he challenged Fields on his beliefs and went home early because he could n't handle being in a room with Fields .
He says Fields seemed fairly normal before that at their school in Union , Kentucky .
Fields is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say he drove into a crowd in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Saturday , fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others .
A judge said Monday he 'll appoint an attorney to represent Fields .
___
10:40 a.m .
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally .
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr .
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd , fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others .
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
Fields has been in custody since Saturday .
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his `` deeply held , radical '' convictions on race .
___
9:45 a.m .
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it .
John Green , past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard , said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia .
City officials have n't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that .
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park , a city park , is not an option .
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace , and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War .
___
7:40 a.m .
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host .
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy 's terms of service .
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville `` fat '' and `` childless . '' Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally .
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision , the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down .
___
7:30 a.m .
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting `` pig '' as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument .
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier .
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration .
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence .
___
7:30 a.m .
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday , expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters .
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an `` absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march . ''
He said `` there was outrageous racism , anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen , and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant . ''
He added that it 's `` completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically , and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions . ''
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured .
___
3 a.m .
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance .
Col. Martin Kumer , superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail , says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning .
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd , fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others .
Fields has been in custody since Saturday . Jail officials told The Associated Press they do n't know if he 's obtained an attorney .
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his `` deeply held , radical '' convictions on race .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Mapusa : The Additional district and sessions court in Mapusa on Thursday framed charges of rape , sexual harassment and wrongful restraint against Tehelka founder and former editor Tarun Tejpal in connection with the rape of a junior colleague.The court has now fixed the matter on November 21 for submitting the compliance report with regard to a petition before the High Court of Bombay at Goa , which is to be heard on November 1.The court framed the charges against Tejpal under Sections 341 ( wrongful restraint ) , 342 ( wrong confinement ) , 354 ( assaulting or using criminal force on a woman with an intent to outrage her modesty ) , 354-A ( outraging modesty ) , 354-B ( criminal assault with intent to disrobe a woman ) , 376 ( rape ) , 376 ( 2 ) ( f ) ( person in position of trust or authority over woman , committing rape of such a woman ) and 376 ( 2 ) ( k ) ( rape of a woman by a person being in position of control or dominance over the woman ) of the Indian Penal Code.All the charges were explained to the accused , who pleaded not guilty before the court and claimed trial .
Counsel for the accused advocate Rajeev Gomes requested the sessions court judge that charges should not be explained to the accused , as he is hopeful that his client will be discharged of the charges by the High Court , as his petition challenging the trial court order is pending.Special public prosecutor advocate Francisco Tavora objected and requested the court to frame the charges . Later , judge Vijaya Pol allowed the framing of charges.While interacting with media persons , Gomes said , “ I had argued before the trial court that explanation of charges should be deferred as we are confident that all charges against my client will be discharged by the High Court where a petition challenging the court order is pending . We know that there is no case of prosecution though we are disappointed with the order of the trial court . We are hopeful of getting relief from the High Court. ” When asked whether the framing of the charges is a setback to his client , he said , “ It is not a setback at all . It is just a procedural act of explaining the charges . The order is already challenged before the High Court , so if the High Court reverses the order , it is the end of the matter. ” Meanwhile , special public prosecutor Tavora said that “ defence was trying to interpret the High Court order by stating that the court has given an option to the trial court on whether to frame charges or not to which we objected and it was accepted. ” “ The trial court said that the High Court has not granted stay on the framing of charges , then why should I stay the framing of charges . The judge said that I 'm giving you date on November 21 just to submit compliance report with regard to the High Court proceeding as regards the petition , ” said Tavora .
It may be noted that on September 26 , the High Court had refused to stay the framing of charges by a lower court against Tejpal in the alleged rape case , but directed that the trial could begin only after its consent , and the next hearing is fixed on November 1.Goa police in 2013 booked Tejpal for allegedly raping a junior colleague in a hotel at Bambolim on November 7 and November 8 , 2013 . The alleged accused had sexually assaulted the junior colleague in an elevator during an event.On November 22 , 2013 , police had taken suo motu cognisance of the incident and lodged an FIR against Tejpal . Subsequently , on November 28 , 2013 , the alleged accused had travelled down to the state and on November 30 , he was arrested by the police . In this connection , the Crime Branch had filed a charge sheet against the alleged accused under IPC Sections 354 , 354-A , 341 , 342 , 376 , 376 ( 2 ) ( f ) and 376 ( 2 ) ( k ) with around 150 witnesses . The Supreme Court had granted a conditional bail to Tejpal with several conditions . [ NT ]
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
HOUSTON ( AP ) — J.J. Watt is more than a little antsy .
After not playing football since Sept. 22 , the Houston Texans star was more excited than anyone for the start of offseason workouts Monday .
Sure , those workouts were simply conditioning and a chance to reconnect with teammates after the offseason . But after missing games for the first time in his six-year NFL career last season while recovering from back surgery , Watt relished the day .
“ You 're away from the game for a year , like I 've said many , many times before , it reaffirms how much you love it , how passionate you are about it , how badly you want to go out and play with your teammates and just enjoy the game , ” Watt said . “ I ca n't wait . ”
Watt , who was NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2014 and ` 15 , missed training camp and Houston 's four preseason games after surgery in July to repair a herniated disk . The defensive end started the team 's first three regular-season games before reinjuring his back and undergoing season-ending surgery .
He 's healthy now , and although the season is still almost five months away , he 's already envisioning being back on the field .
“ My body feels really good , so I 'm really looking forward to this whole offseason process and OTAs and just getting back to just playing football , ” he said . “ I think that 's the biggest thing . I just want to play football . I ca n't wait to get back out there and play some ball . ”
Watt is a workout freak and has acknowledged he sometimes would do too much in his preparation for the season at the expense of his health . Now he 's learned that such tactics are n't healthy and even though he wants to make sure he 's ready when the season begins , he 's learned to be smarter about his workouts .
“ I need to make sure that I balance myself and not get overly crazy in the offseason and things like that , ” he said . “ So I think it 's been a really good time for me . ”
Watt enjoyed watching Houston 's defense thrive last year despite his absence . He raved about the work the unit did in finishing the season ranked first in yards allowed . A big factor in the group 's success was the emergence of 2014 top overall pick Jadeveon Clowney .
“ It was a lot of fun to watch , ” Watt said . “ He obviously played very well and I think our whole defense played very well , and those guys — it was a lot of fun to watch them play , see them grow throughout the year , see them overcome a lot of adversity . ”
Though no one questions that Watt has established himself as one of the top defensive players in the NFL , some wonder if he 'll be the same force who piled up 76 sacks . Watt has heard those whispers following two back surgeries , but does n't spend any time worrying about what outsiders think about him .
“ All I can do is give it everything I have every single day , whether it 's practice , meetings , or film , ” he said . “ I 'm going to give it everything I have . I 'm going to go out there , I 'm going to have fun . I 'm going to play the game the way I know how to play it , with energy , with enthusiasm , with excitement , rallying around teammates , having a lot of fun . Just enjoying football again . ”
As the title states , politics in Game of Thrones is treated like a game . And whether you 're talking about sports or the struggle to control shipping routes in the Riverlands , there are always winners and losers . As each episode plays out , we 'll be ranking the players from best to worst . So who takes the crown , and who gets fed to the wolves in Game of Thrones season 7 , episode 5 ? Follow below to find out .
1 . Jon
It had been a struggle watching Jon languish on Dragonstone while others made their moves , like seeing your favorite player ride the bench due to an injury , but Eastwatch finally sees the King in the North heading back into the fray , and in style . Not only does he tame a dragon with the scent of his hand — this is yet another piece of foreshadowing for those who still were n't quite sure that Jon has Targaryen blood — but if Daenerys ' gaze after is any indication , he may have tamed the Dragon Queen 's heart as well . Opinions may differ about whether an incestuous Jon/Dany pairing would be disgusting or not , but it would make him the most powerful man in Westeros — provided he does n't do anything that might make her burn him alive .
Now he is off to capture a wight , along with a band of misfits , some of whom will surely die , in hopes of uniting the warring factions against the undead . Is the plan reckless — suicidal even ? Undoubtedly . Does it seem extraordinarily time-consuming , given they plan to go all the way beyond the Wall and then back to King 's Landing while the Night King marches ? Sure . But it 's better than showing Daenerys some new cave paintings .
2 . Daenerys
It 's funny how quickly a dragon roasting your enemies can get people to the negotiating table . After routing the Lannister army in The Spoils of War , Daenerys can sit back and wait for their surrender … after incinerating the only soldiers who refuse to kneel . It remains to be seen if Daenerys ' decision to horrifyingly execute the Tarlys will have any political consequences ; Tyrion pleads for her not to do it , and in past season it might be the type of action that leads to a comeuppance later , but the show seems to be moving its pieces so rapidly that it may forget about the Tarlys entirely . For now , Daenerys has put the fear of Drogon in Jaime , and even Cersei realizes she will need trickery to conquer a superior opponent .
3 . Cersei
After Daenerys ' annihilation of the Lannister army , Cersei may seem down and out , but she has been playing from positions of weakness her whole life . She still holds King 's Landing for now , and she still has Qyburn working on some scheme . Although his scorpion apparently did n't put much of a dent in Drogon — who was moving about just fine five minutes after the battle — Qyburn could always make a hundred more of the things , or engineer a dragon killing virus , or some other convenient device . No matter how beaten she seems , never bet against Cersei .
4 . Littlefinger
Westeros ' most notorious schemer finally does some proper scheming at Winterfell , pretending not to notice Arya shadowing him everywhere , then baiting her into stealing a letter from his room . The letter in question is the one Sansa wrote asking Robb to surrender to the Lannisters , and presumably Littlefinger hopes to drive a wedge between the Stark sisters . He 's still likely to find himself on the sharp end of Arya 's blade , but for now , Littlefinger is poised to cause a ruckus .
5 . Gendry , people who enjoy making jokes about Gendry
If you are one of the 30 people desperately praying , night after night , for the return of Gendry , congratulations ! Not only did the show bring the blacksmith/royal bastard back , but it even offered a bit of humor as recompense for the long wait . Davos finds Gendry in the smithies of Flea Bottom , joking that he imagined the boy might still be rowing , all but turning to wink at the audience . Even his introduction to Jon Snow played with conventional narratives , as Gendry refused Davos ' cover story in favor of blunt , cheerful honesty . The sons of Robert Baratheon and Ned Stark are as friendly as their father 's were . Now people can stop making jokes about Gendry returning to the show and start betting on whether he will be the first to die in Jon 's expedition beyond The Wall .
6 . The Hound and the Brotherhood Without Banners
When you need to embark on an impossibly dangerous mission to snatch one zombie from an army of the dead , who can you turn to for help ? Thankfully for Jon and company , the Brotherhood was already on its way there . Jon finds them in the dungeons of Eastwatch , where Tormund was keeping guard on the king 's orders , and after some hasty pleasantries and exposition , the sides agree to face certain doom together . For a group of men chasing destiny and redemption , however , there is no better plan .
7 . Arya
Arya may know a lot about sneaking and stabbing , but the Faceless Men apparently did n't hold classes on basic espionage . She takes Littlefinger 's bait without hesitation , finding a letter that will only further poison her opinion of Sansa . Her feud with Sansa will likely boil over in the next episode , but hopefully she figures out Littlefinger 's deception before she continues to play herself .
8 . Sam
Listen , Sam . When your girlfriend stumbles upon records indicating that Prince Rhaegar annulled his marriage and took a new wife , you may want to listen , if only because it is a juicy piece of hidden history . As the audiences gnashes its teeth in frustration , Sam shuts down Gilly 's history lesson , thus delaying the reveal that Rhaegar married Lyanna Stark and sired Jon . For this , Sam is the worst person on the show ( at least until that information comes out at a narratively convenient moment ) .
For more season 7 coverage , check out last week 's power rankings , or our roundup of the most popular ongoing theories .
Two weeks after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico , millions of residents remain without power , food , running water or reliable means of communicating with the rest of the world . Their situation is still desperate , but there are many ways we can help .
Here 's what we can do right now .
Donate Money To A Legit Charity
The first and perhaps most obvious way to help Puerto Rico — or any disaster-affected region — is by donating money . Make sure to send funds to an established charity , as scam artists are raring to take advantage of those with open hearts — and open pocketbooks .
`` Always beware of fake charity websites that pop up looking to take advantage of those wanting to donate for a recent disaster , '' says Michael Lai , CEO of Sitejabber , a web site that helps consumers find trustworthy online businesses and avoid scams .
`` Also be on the lookout for anyone soliciting money of behalf of a charity . If someone calls you to solicit donations , this is most likely a different type of charity scam looking to steal personal information . Never give out your social security number or home address or anything to these callers . ''
Christopher Olivola , assistant professor of marketing at the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University recommends The Life You Can Save and GiveWell , which help `` identify the charities that will make the most of each dollar donated ( in terms of lives helped/saved ) . ''
Erin Taylor , director of communications for humanitarian response at Save The Children recommends that prospective donors verify charities either through Charity Navigator or GuideStar .
In Puerto Rico , Sara and her daughter are learning to cope with the realities of life and loss following Hurricane Maria . Almost half the island has no access to clean water and many are without power , food and basic necessities . We 're on the ground providing critical aid to children and families who need it most . You can help us ensure they survive this crisis , recover from their losses and rebuild their lives . Please donate through the link in our bio . A post shared by savethechildren ( @ savethechildren ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 6:09am PDT
Taylor adds that Save The Children is on the ground now in Puerto Rico , and plans to be `` for the months ahead . '' The charity is asking for monetary donations and not supplies because `` cash allows us to target the response as we see needs to come up — then we 're able to distribute goods in a way that has the greatest impact . What we would n't want to have happened is for there to be things donated with the best of intentions and then as the needs evolve we ca n't use them , '' says Taylor .
Video
Snow has meant that some students from Brynmawr in Wales are taking classes in a different setting .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A secondary school in Old Coulsdon is sending pupils home early due to snow in the area .
Oasis Academy Coulsdon , located on Homefield Road , has closed at 11.30am and all pupils are being dismissed once parental consent for them being sent home is received .
A statement on the school 's website said : “ Due to inclement weather conditions the academy will be closing at 11.30am today . ”
The closure means a Year 11 trip that was meant to be going ahead will now be cancelled but Year 7 to 10 trips will still be taking place .
Audley Primary School , on Whyteleafe Road , in Caterham , has also announced it will be closing early , with pupils being sent home at 1.30pm .
While parts of Croydon and Surrey are yet to see any real snow today there has been some in Caterham and on the North Downs .
Two other schools in Catherham announced they would be closed before the day began due to “ adverse weather conditions ” .
Sunnydown School , on Whyteleafe Road , notified parents on Sunday ( December 10 ) evening to say the school would be closed the next day .
And de Stafford School followed suit on Monday morning posting a message on Twitter that said : “ School closure today ( Monday ) due to [ a ] forecast of heavy snowfall for most of the day . Apologies for the inconvenience caused . ”
The decision for schools to close is made by the head teacher at each individual school .
A risk assessment is conducted taking into account factors including :
Catholic cardinals apparently deserve a break today — and now they can get one at a controversial McDonald 's that has opened a football field 's length away from the Vatican .
The McDonald 's opened Friday in a Vatican-owned building in the Pio Borgo district of Rome , about 100 yards from the Vatican State , the Catholic Press Agency reported Sunday . NPR 's Rome correspondent , Sylvia Poggioli , tweeted a picture of the restaurant Saturday .
McDonald 's around corner from St Peter 's sq , open for business in Vatican-owned building , despite resident protests pic.twitter.com/MW6JYVNNrJ — Sylvia Poggioli ( @ spoggioli1 ) December 31 , 2016
The opening was low-key , reflecting widespread opposition that broke out when plans for the restaurant — quickly dubbed `` McVatican '' — were made public in October . McDonald 's made no announcement , and the opening was n't noted in the official Vatican newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano .
Only a new golden arches icon pinned to McDonald 's Italia 's online map betrays its existence . ( The McVatican is open from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. seven days a week , the listing notes helpfully . Wi-Fi is available . )
The national newspaper La Repubblica reported that McDonald 's will pay the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See — basically , the Vatican 's property supervisor — more than $ 30,000 a month for the bottom floor of the building .
But Cardinal Elio Sgreccia , president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life , told the newspaper at the time that the decision to rent the fast food chain almost 5,800 square feet of restaurant space was `` aberrant '' and `` a perversion . ''
The Nativity scene , background left , and a Christmas tree adorn St. Peter 's Square before Christmas Eve mass Dec. 24 at St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City . Alessandra Tarantino / AP
Two other McDonald 's are also within a stone 's throw of the Vatican — one only a few hundred yards from the Vatican Museum and another about 200 yards away at Viale Giulio Cesare . ( And there 's a Burger King roughly halfway between them . )
What makes the McVatican so controversial , however , is that it 's on actual Vatican property . Not only that , but it occupies the bottom floor of a building that is also home to several senior cardinals — among them Gerhard Ludwig Müller , prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the Vatican office responsible for overseeing church orthodoxy .
Sgreccia told La Repubblica that no price is high enough to justify the `` disgrace '' of selling `` unhealthy '' food `` that I would never eat '' in such a place .
`` I repeat , selling mega-sandwiches in Borgo Pio is a disgrace , '' he said . The rent money could better be used to help `` the area 's needy ... and suffering , as the Holy Father teaches , '' he said .
Chimney Sweeps into Los Angeles Posted on Monday , February 13 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
From the release :
Chimney , the Sweden-originated international post production company , has finally come to the US . Their new Los Angeles office is the first American office , totaling 12 locations worldwide . The team has hit the ground running , working with Team One to produce two Lexus campaigns , including one that debuted during the Super Bowl .
Founded in Stockholm in 1995 , Chimney now produces over 6,000 pieces for more than 60 countries each year , averaging 1,000 projects and 10,000 VFX shots annually ( including 3,500 VFX shots ) . The company is privately held by 50 of their artists , anchoring their core belief that compelling work is curated by focused and creatively driven individuals .
Chimney is known for delivering within all content creation areas and utilizing state-of-the-art post production facilities and dedicated artists . And housing offices in a dozen cities around the globe enables them to deliver 24-hour service with passion , creativity , and quality at heart .
This passion and creativity can be seen in their most recent work with Team One on the Lexus “ Man & Machine ” Super Bowl Spot , which also utilized talent from Chimney 's Poland and Sweden offices to bring the collaboration to life . Jesper Palsson , Managing Director of Chimney LA , gushed that there is “ no better way to start in the US than with a high-end Super Bowl commercial .
“ It 's really been a pleasure working with the super professional people over at Team One and the brilliant Jonas Åkerlund. ” He went on to describe the project as trying to “ enhance the Lexus promise of performance , engineering , design , and craftsmanship prowess . With a tight deadline , high-end VFX and an all-star team from agency and production company we had to go all in on this one . ”
The Super Bowl spot sees movement artist Lil Buck gliding , twisting and jookin to Sia 's lastest single , “ Move Your Body , ” ( from album “ This Is Acting ” ) around the new Lexus LC 500 , creating visual and emotional parallels between the sleek automobile and jaw-dropping dancer . Even before airing , the commercial has been deemed a success , with numerous publications praising it . The Drum said , “ Lil Buck 's amazingly fluid movements are compared to both the body and the engine of the automobile , with a sort of symbiosis between man and machine ; ” and Fast Company pointed out , “ The technique is smart because it 's impossible not to notice that this is a really rather beautiful automobile . ”
With extensive experience and roughly 400 artists worldwide , it 's the perfect time for Chimney to expand into the US market . And by doing so , they signed with Shortlist Mgmt , joining other A-level talent like RSA , Caviar , Tool , and No6 Editorial . Charlie McBrearty , Founding Partner of Shortlist Mgmt , described adding Chimney to Shortlist 's roster , saying that they 've “ been on our radar for quite some time and we are very excited to be part of their US expansion .
“ The market is ready for a new kid on the block to offer amazing talent and great efficiencies in post production . Shortlist is no stranger to Managing Director Jesper Palsson and we are thrilled to be reunited with him after our past collaboration through Stopp USA. ” Chimney is a welcome addition to Shortlist , especially as their sole Post Production/VFX client .
When asked why Chimney decided to open an office in LA , Founder Henric Larsson said , “ Believe it or not… it was not the palm trees and beaches that made us open up in LA . We 're film nerds , and have been doing this for 22 years with 12 offices in 8 countries . We want to work with the best talent in the world , and where do we find the top directors , DoPs , ADs , CDs and Producers if not in the US ? ”
https : //www.chimneygroup.com/
Hollyoaks murderer Ryan Knight 's fling with Ste Hay is sensationally exposed next week at a memorial for Amy Barnes , setting off a chain of events that could see the killer cop 's crime finally come to light .
Advertisement
Leah Barnes is all set to expose her father 's affair with stepdad Ry Ry to the world at her mum 's one-year memorial service by printing out screenshots of their saucy secret text messages , but the schoolgirl thinks better of it and decides not to .
Unfortunately , her aunt Leela Lomax stumbles across the evidence and publicly confronts the pair over their deceit at the service . How will the village react to the clandestine relationship ? Will this mean Ryan comes out of the closet at last ? And could it set off suspicion about whether Amy knew her hubby had a habit of sleeping with men ?
Tegan Lomax already knows the naughty Mr Knight was cheating on Ames with another fella and he killed his bride on their wedding night to stop her outing him , such is his shame about his true sexuality – but Teegs has been in a coma since Ryan tried to silence her in the same way he did his wife .
Later next week , doctors tell the Lomaxes they plan to wake Tegan from the coma – to Ryan 's horror . Terrified she 'll reveal everything when she regains consciousness , he tries to put Ste and Leela off the idea by scaring them their sister could have brain damage .
With time running out and the family still desperate to bring Tegan round , Ryan turns to gangster Glenn Donovan and begs him to kill Tegan before she wakes !
Will Glenn agree ? And what will he expect in return ?
Hollyoaks continues weeknights on E4 at 7pm and on Channel 4 at 6.30pm .
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Hollyoaks page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
UPDATE : President Trump said in a live televised address that the suspected gunman has died . Law enforcement officials identify him as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , from Belleville , Ill .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A top House Republican , Steve Scalise of Louisiana , was shot and wounded by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington . Several other people were also wounded , and at least two were in critical condition .
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise 's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter , who was taken into custody . In all , five people were taken to area hospitals , including the suspect , Alexandria police said .
Scalise , 51 , the No . 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008 , was in stable condition and undergoing surgery at a nearby hospital . He was shot in the hip , and his injuries were not life-threatening .
Two other people wounded were in critical condition at the George Washington University Hospital , a spokeswoman said , but the condition of the two others was not immediately known . Texas Rep. Roger Williams , who coaches the GOP team , said a member of his staff was shot and was receiving medical attention .
The gunman had a rifle and “ a lot of ammo , ” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who was at the practice .
President Donald Trump said he was “ deeply saddened by this tragedy ” and was monitoring developments . The House cancelled proceedings for the day .
The shocking event occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m . They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats . The popular annual face-off was scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington .
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted .
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when he was shot , according to lawmakers present , then dragged himself into the outfield to get away from the gunman .
Rep. Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican , said his colleague “ crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . ”
“ We started giving him the liquids , I put pressure on his wound in his hip , ” Brooks said .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , still in his baseball uniform , told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire , shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly , R-Miss. , who plays third base .
“ He shot at Steve Scalise , our second baseman . He hit Steve Scalise , ” Barton said , “ Scalise 's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire , and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire . They shot the shooter . The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter . ”
Barton described the shooter as a “ middle aged man . Blue jeans and a blue shirt . I think he was anglo . He had a rifle and I think he had an automatic pistol , but I would n't swear to it . ”
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes , and there were dozens if not hundreds of shots fired .
“ It was scary , ” Barton said .
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout . Barton said his son , Jack , got under an SUV .
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was “ too early to say ” whether it was an act of terrorism , or whether Scalise was targeted .
Sen. Flake , of Arizona , said he took cover in the dugout as the gunman and law enforcement exchanged fire . In the dugout , he said , he helped treat one aide who , after being shot in the leg near center field , managed to get there .
After the gunfire stopped , Flake ran onto the field and began to apply pressure on Scalise 's wound . After medical personnel arrived , he said he retrieved Scalise 's phone and made the first call to Scalise 's wife to notify her of the shooting . He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media .
Flake estimated that more than 50 shots were fired .
Scalise , a popular and gregarious lawmaker , is known for his love of baseball and handed out commemorative baseball bats to fellow lawmakers when he secured the No . 3 job of House whip several years ago .
Katie Filous was walking her two dogs near the field when she heard “ a lot of shots. ” She said the shooting “ went on for quite a while . ”
Filous said she saw the shooter hit a uniformed law enforcement officer , who she said was later evacuated by helicopter . She said the officer had gotten out of a parked car , drawn a handgun and shouted something to the gunman , who then fired .
Rep. Jeff Duncan said in a statement that he was at the practice and said “ saw the shooter . ”
“ Please pray for my colleagues , ” Duncan said .
Susan Griffiths , a spokeswoman at the George Washington University Hospital , said two people from the shooting were being treated at the hospital , both in critical condition .
In a brief interview in a Senate hallway , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said , “ I think everybody handled it well and things seem to be under control . ”
Other lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event , which raised questions about the security of members of Congress . While the top lawmakers , including Scalise , have security details , others do not and regularly appear in public without protection . The last time a lawmaker was wounded was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was shot in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011 .
After suggesting on social media and in a red-carpet interview that she had a Harvey Weinstein story to tell , Uma Thurman has alleged the film producer assaulted her not long after the premiere of 1994 's Pulp Fiction in a London hotel room in a story in the New York Times .
In the story , published Saturday , Thurman says that Weinstein attacked her at the Savoy Hotel in London after the release of the 1994 Quentin Tarantino-directed film , which was produced and distributed by Weinstein 's company Miramax . “ It was such a bat to the head , ” Thurman told the Times ' Maureen Dowd . “ He pushed me down . He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard . I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track . My track . Not his track . ”
Thurman said that Weinstein sent flowers to her the next day with a note telling her that she had “ great instincts , ” and that his assistants began contacting her soon afterwards to discuss projects .
The incident followed a strange meeting in Weinstein 's Paris hotel room , when Weinstein stripped down to just a bathrobe during a discussion about a script . She said that as they were talking he led her to a steam room , and when she asked him why , he got “ flustered ” and ran out of the room . Thurman says that prior to the meeting at the Paris hotel room , she was friendly with his wife at the time , Eve Chilton , and that she regarded him as her professional “ champion ” who would spend hours talking to her about material .
After what the actress called the “ attack ” in London , Thurman says that she arranged a meeting with Weinstein at the Savoy Hotel bar to discuss the incident . Assistants persuaded her to go up to his room , where she threatened him that if he treated other women the same way he had her , “ you will lose your career , your reputation and your family , I promise you . ”
Thurman says that she has no memory of the rest of the meeting . A friend who sat in the lobby of the Savoy Hotel waiting for her , makeup artist Ilona Herman , said that when she returned “ her eyes were crazy and she was totally out of control. ” Herman says Thurman told her at the time that Weinstein had threatened her career during the meeting .
In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter , Weinstein admitted that he had propositioned the actress but denied ever physically assaulting her , saying that this was the first time he had heard the story . “ There was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein 's awkward pass and Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘ why ' Ms. Thurman , someone he considers a colleague and a friend , waited 25 years to make these allegations public , noting that he and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together , ” the statement said .
“ This is the first time we are hearing that she considered Mr. Weinstein an enemy and the pictures of their history tell a completely different story , ” it added.The spokesperson additionally attached pictures of Weinstein and Thurman posing together at events over the years , with the note that “ we wish the New York Times would have published them . ”
A statement from Weinstein 's attorney , Ben Brafman , on Saturday said , “ Ms Thurman 's statements to the Times are being carefully examined and investigated before deciding whether any legal action against her would be appropriate . ”
Thurman says that after the second London meeting , she continued to see the producer in work situations with other people around , but that she personally considered him in an enemy . Miramax produced and distributed the Thurman vehicles A Month By the Lake in 1995 , Beautiful Girls in 1996 , Kill Bill Vol . 1 in 2003 and Kill Bill Vol . 2 in 2004 . In 2015 , The Weinstein Company distributed Burnt , in which Thurman also starred , domestically .
Thurman additionally alleges that her animosity with Weinstein changed her relationship to Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill series director Quentin Tarantino , who distributed his films through Miramax and The Weinstein Company until allegations of serial sexual misconduct emerged in Oct. 2016 .
Thurman says she told Tarantino about the alleged attack in the Savoy Hotel , and that he confronted Weinstein with her accusations , which eventually led to an apology from Weinstein in 2001 at the Cannes Film Festival .
Thurman said that the many sexual-misconduct accusations about Weinstein stemming from October stories in the times and The New Yorker compelled her to speak out , as well as an incident on the set of Kill Bill . After Tarantino ordered her to drive a blue convertible that she was convinced was unsafe for a scene , Thurman crashed into a palm tree and sustained injuries . When Thurman and her lawyer attempted to obtain the footage from Miramax , the film company offered to provide it to her if she signed a document “ releasing them of any consequences of my future pain and suffering , ” she says . Thurman did not sign .
“ When they turned on me after the accident , I went from being a creative contributor and performer to being like a broken tool , ” she told the Times , noting that her relationship with Tarantino cooled after the accident .
Thurman added that she has approached the police about Weinstein and procured the accident footage from Tarantino , which the Times reviewed .
This article originally appeared in The Hollywood Reporter .
NEW YORK — Former “ Sex and the City ” star Cynthia Nixon says on Twitter that she is running for governor in New York .
More to come .
Barrie Police hoping someone can help shed light on a road rage incident in the south end . Officers say a coupe and SUV were involved in a feud of some kind in the Veterans Drive and Caplan Avenue area of town around 9:00 Tuesday morning . A small black car may have also been involved here . Police are hoping the driver of that black car or anyone who witnessed the interaction , give them a call . Contact Constable Watt of the Barrie Police Service at 705-725-7025 ext . 2942 or email at jwatt @ barriepolice.ca . Any information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or leave an anonymous tip online at www.tipsubmit.com
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says there has been no change regarding the future of Philippe Coutinho , who is reportedly wanted by Barcelona .
The Brazil star is said to have handed in a transfer request last Friday , just hours after a statement from Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group made it clear they will not entertain any offers for the player .
Coutinho missed Saturday 's 3-3 draw with Watford with a back injury and will not be involved in Tuesday 's Champions League play-off first leg with Hoffenheim due to the problem .
Klopp stated at the weekend the 25-year-old 's uncertain future was not a distraction , but suggested the final decision on whether he will stay at the club could be out of his hands .
Klopp : `` In car on the way to the press conference I was n't thinking about it ( Coutinho ) . I only think about players I have in this moment . '' — James Pearce ( @ JamesPearceEcho ) August 14 , 2017
However , speaking ahead of the clash at the Rhein-Neckar Arena , Klopp stressed there has been no development to the saga .
`` Nothing has changed in the last few days , not on the one side or the other side , '' he said .
`` He 's not available for us at the moment so that 's the main issue . He can not play for Liverpool at this moment and it 's quite a blow for us .
`` But we 've known about it for a few days so we can prepare , like we have to prepare without Adam Lallana , Daniel Sturridge who is really close , two more sessions and he 'll be available for the weekend .
`` The best thing would be for this team to stay together for four , five years , although I know it 's quite naive to say things like that .
`` I really understand that everyone 's interested in this but I ca n't say that I 'm really thinking about it at this moment .
`` I did n't think on the way to this press conference , 'what can I say if they ask ? ' . I 've said everything about it that I can say . I have no other answers . ''
Transcript for Girls in Slender Man stabbing case are sentenced to mental health facilities : Part 6
Reporter : It was just 24 hours ago the final sentence in a case that began with a sleepover more than three years ago . Morgan geyser is about to learn her fate . It was just weeks ago that Anissa 's sentencing came first . The case is here today -- Reporter : The judge ordering her to a state mental facility for up to 25 years . Anissa will now be under state supervision until she is 37 years old . My fear is she willot really know how to interact with Normal people at Walmart , at the gas station , at pick 'N save . After spending 25 years in a mental institution . Reporter : And before Morgan 's mother would learn her own daughter 's fate she shares with me a letter that her daughter has now written to Payton . Dear Bella , I wish I had words that could make everything better , but I do n't . So all I can say is how sorry I am . I can promise you , not a day will go by that I do n't regret what I did . Stay strong , Morgan . Reporter : Just yesterday a judge deciding that Morgan will also be sent to a state mental health facility for up to 40 years . It was more than three years ago we first met Payton . Shy in front of the cameras , we did see a glimpse of her smile returning . As she shared with us her love of kittens . And of family . She 's doing well in school . She has friends . She 's social . Reporter : And overnight , Payton 's mother sending us a message for any family dealing with the kind of pain and horror they have faced . `` If you trust in your strength and believe in your resiliency you will get through this . '' And tonight , the new images of Payton . And in just over a week , she will celebrate a milestone . Her 16th birthday . A milestone Morgan geyser will soon reach as well . Reporter : It 's not where you pictured her turning 16 . No . I see on social media , my friends and family who have children Morgan 's age , and they 'll post pictures of them driving a car , going to homecoming . You know , it 's difficult . Reporter : And now after learning Morgan 's fate , he mothers says life for all three families has changed forever . We 're leaving Reporter : Why ? For a new start . I frequently drive by these places that hold horrible memories . And I just want to get us all away from that . Reporter : Away from those woods that have since been cleared to make way for a new residential development . The scene of that horror now erased , but for those three families tonight , they will never be able to erase the pain . Harvey : Wind chill 's below zero
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “ Almost Like Praying . ”
Related : Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “ Immigrants ” Video
Marc Anthony , Ruben Blades , Camila Cabello , Pedro Capo , Dessa , Gloria Estefan , Fat Joe , Luis Fonsi , Juan Luis Guerra , Alex Lacamoire , John Leguizamo , Jennifer Lopez , Rita Moreno , Ednita Nazario , Joell Ortiz , Anthony Ramos , Gina Rodriguez , Gilberto Santa Rosa , PJ Sin Suela , Tommy Torres , and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song , which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico .
Written by Miranda only last week , the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “ Maria , ” from West Side Story .
Check out the star-studded charity single below .
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week , Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars ' “ Versace on the Floor , ” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models . Now , Mars has released his own video for the song , which stars Zendaya .
Related : Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him . And in separate images , Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery , silver dress . Of course , both artists are wearing Versace , but considering how nice Zendaya 's outfit is , it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor .
( Courtesy UofL Athletics Department )
LOUISVILLE , Ky. - University of Louisville lefthander and first baseman Brendan McKay received his third National Player of the Year accolade as Perfect Game honored the junior on Tuesday . Additionally , McKay was joined by juniors Drew Ellis and Lincoln Henzman as All-America selections by both Perfect Game and the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association on Wednesday , while sophomore Sam Bordner received his first career All-America nod from the NCBWA .
The Perfect Game honor for McKay is added to his national player of the year awards from Baseball America and Collegiate Baseball newspaper . The Darlington , Pennsylvania also earned his third straight John Olerud Two-Way National Player of the Year Award and became the highest MLB Draft selection in school history going fourth overall to the Tampa Bay Rays .
A native of Darlington , Pennsylvania , McKay has a 10-3 record with a 2.34 ERA and a school record 140 strikeouts in 104.0 innings on the mound this season . During his three-year collegiate career , McKay has accumulated a 31-10 record with a 2.15 ERA and 385 strikeouts , the most ever for a Louisville pitcher . At the plate , the 2017 ACC Player of the Year has a .343 batting average , 17 home runs , 13 doubles , 56 RBIs and a .464 on-base percentage in 60 starts as a hitter this season . In 179 career starts and 186 total appearances as a hitter , McKay has a .328 career batting average with 27 home runs , 46 doubles and 131 RBIs .
Ellis , a Perfect Game First Team All-American and NCBWA Second Team All-Americans , leads the Cardinals with a .367 batting average , 20 home runs , 18 doubles , 61 RBI and .729 slugging percentage . The Jeffersonville , Indiana native has started all 62 games this season splitting his time between first base and third base . Ellis was an All-ACC First Team selection and was chosen as a semifinalist for the Golden Spikes Award and the Dick Howser Trophy . He was also selected as the National Player of the Month in April by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association after hitting .455 ( 30-for-66 ) in 19 games with five doubles , one triple and eight homers , 22 RBI and a .532 on-base percentage .
Henzman , a NCBWA First Team All-American and a Perfect Game Second Team All-American , ranks second in the nation with 16 saves to go with his 3-0 record , 1.77 ERA and 36 strikeouts in 35.2 innings pitched and 25 total relief appearances . Thirteen of the Lexington , Kentucky native 's 16 saves came against ACC foes , while opposing hitters are batting just .164 against him this season . The 16 saves for Henzman rank as the third most in a season by a Louisville player , while his 19 career saves are also third all-time .
Bordner , who tabbed as a Third Team All-American by the NCBWA , has been dominant out of the Cardinals bullpen this season registering a 0.47 ERA with 2-0 record , three saves and 35 strikeouts in 38.2 innings of work . A native of Baltimore , Ohio , Bordner opened the season with 30.2 consecutive scoreless innings and has now allowed a run to score in 20 of his 21 appearances this season .
The No . 7 national seed Cardinals ( 52-10 ) will continue their season at the 2017 College World Series against Texas A & M on Sunday at 2 p.m. , ET at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha .
Fans can follow Louisville baseball on Twitter ( @ UofLBaseball ) at http : //twitter.com/uoflbaseball and on Facebook at http : //www.facebook.com/ulbaseball .
In an attempt to lift the state out of the hard times of the Great Depression , the Nevada state legislature votes to legalize gambling .
Located in the Great Basin desert , few settlers chose to live in Nevada after the United States acquired the territory at the end of the Mexican War in 1848 . In 1859 , the discovery of the “ Comstock Lode ” of gold and silver spurred the first substantial number of settlers into Nevada to exploit the territory 's mining opportunities . Five years later , during the Civil War , Nevada was hastily made the 36th state in order to strengthen the Union .
At the beginning of the Depression , Nevada 's mines were in decline , and its economy was in shambles . In March 1931 , Nevada 's state legislature responded to population flight by taking the drastic measure of legalizing gambling and , later in the year , divorce . Established in 1905 , Las Vegas , Nevada , has since become the gambling and entertainment capital of the world , famous for its casinos , nightclubs , and sporting events . In the first few decades after the legalization of gambling , organized crime flourished in Las Vegas . Today , state gambling taxes account for the lion 's share of Nevada 's overall tax revenues .
Source : www.history.com
Long-term holders of Gilead Sciences ( NASDAQ : GILD ) enjoyed some market-thumping gains in years past , but concern over sagging hepatitis-C antiviral sales caused the stock to slide about 26.5 % in 2016 . Despite a generally bleak year for Gilead , and for biotech stocks in general , shares of Exelixis , Inc. ( NASDAQ : EXEL ) and TESARO Inc. ( NASDAQ : TSRO ) have skyrocketed .
Continue Reading Below
Image source : Getty Images .
Can these biotechs continue climbing throughout the new year and beyond , or are they about to sputter and run out of fuel ? Let 's look at what 's propelling them upward to see why they might be better picks than Gilead Sciences .
Exelixis , Inc. : exceeding expectations
A string of good news for Exelixis ' lead cancer drug made this one of the best-performing biotech stocks of 2016 . The stock 's 165 % rise can partly be attributed to low expectations for a drug that until recently failed to impress .
In January 2013 , Exelixis launched cabozantinib , under the brand name Cometriq , for treatment of a rare form of thyroid cancer . From its launch through the end of 2015 , it generated just $ 74.3 million in revenue — far less than the company spent developing the drug for larger indications . One costly expansion attempt for prostate cancer failed to impress during clinical trials , and the stock was subsequently hammered and largely ignored .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Investors continued to yawn when the same drug earned an FDA approval in April to treat the most common form of kidney cancer , under the brand name Cabometyx . Although Cabometyx is somewhat limited to patients with disease progression following previous therapy , the drug exceeded expectations and is expected to gain a 20 % market share in the second-line setting and a 35 % share in the third-line setting . That finally piqued the market 's interest — driving the stock much higher .
Another expansion could keep Exelixis stock climbing in 2017 and beyond . Sutent , from Pfizer , generates roughly $ 1 billion annually as a standard treatment for newly diagnosed advanced kidney-cancer patients , but Cabometyx could bring its reign to an end . In a mid-stage study , the Exelixis drug shrank tumors in 46 % of patients , versus just 18 % for those treated with Sutent . Cabometyx patients also benefited from a 31 % reduction in the risk of disease progression or death .
Exelixis intends to submit an application for expansion to the first-line setting , supported by the results of a 157-patient head-to-head study , although there 's a chance regulators will insist on more data . The stock may have risen about 177 % in 2016 , but an official announcement of the submission 's acceptance from the FDA could send it higher still .
TESARO Inc : another expander
TESARO gained gained an remarkable 153 % in 2016 , and it has a shot at further gains in the new year and beyond . The market cheered when niraparib became the first of an exciting new class of cancer-therapy candidates to succeed in a phase 3 trial .
The PARP inhibitor makes it hard for certain types of cancer cells to repair damage to their DNA , and the results among three well-defined groups — specifically , ovarian-cancer patients with disease progression following standard chemotherapy — suggest it could become a powerful new weapon in oncologists ' arsenals . Some genetically defined groups have worse prognoses than others , but across the groups in the study , those treated with niraparib went 2.4 times to 3.8 times longer without disease progression or death than patients receiving placebos .
Image source : Getty Images .
The FDA agreed to give niraparib a speedy review , with a decision expected by the end of June . An approval and a successful launch for the treatment of ovarian-cancer patients who have progressed after standard chemo could help the stock continue its climb . Larger potential catalysts lie a bit further ahead . The drug is also in the middle of late-stage studies that could help expand its use to untreated ovarian-cancer patients , as well as a huge genetically defined breast-cancer population . In partnership with Johnson & Johnson , TESARO is also exploring niraparib 's potential in another gigantic indication : prostate cancer .
An approval for the second-line ovarian-cancer setting alone could lead to peak annual sales of around $ 1 billion , but that would be peanuts compared to an expansion into breast or prostate cancer . TESARO 's recent market cap of about $ 7.1 billion suggests that success in ovarian cancer is already expected , but hints of possible expansion into much larger populations could help the stock continue its impressive climb .
10 stocks we like better than Tesaro
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Tesaro was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7 , 2016
Cory Renauer owns shares of Gilead Sciences and Johnson and Johnson . You can follow Cory on Twitter @ coryrenauer or LinkedIn for more biopharma investing insight .
The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis and Gilead Sciences . The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson . Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fool may not all hold the same opinions , but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
For the last ten years we 've watched clips of animals and objects moving in circles between programmes on the BBC , be it hippos , motorbikes , kites or penguins . But for 2017 , the broadcaster has commissioned new BBC idents from photographer Martin Parr to `` capture an evolving portrait of modern Britain in all its diversity '' .
On New Year 's Day the first new ident was aired , showing a group of open water swimmers from Somerset . Other new images include a Zumba class from Bristol and the Ospreys wheelchair rugby team .
The BBC said that the new portraits would be based around the theme of `` oneness '' and would feature `` different groups of people coming together across the UK , united by their shared passions and interests '' .
The groups have been selected to reflect the diversity of modern Britain and the changing mood of the nation through significant events in the coming year . We can expect to see about 20 different idents - but some have yet to be filmed .
So long to circles
Martin Parr said : `` To have the chance to makes stills and film these diverse groups of people , but sharing the same interests or roles all over the United Kingdom is a real privilege . ''
The director of BBC content Charlotte Moore added that it was important the channel idents moved with the times .
`` What better way to demonstrate this than by commissioning Martin Parr , one of the most celebrated documentary photographers of our time , to create idents from a series of portraits that reflect and represent the rich diversity of communities living in the UK today ? '' she said .
“ Renowned for finding the extraordinary in the ordinary , I hope that the series of images Parr captures across the year will document everyday Britain in all its glory and serve as a fascinating and lasting record of 2017 . ”
Here is the confirmed team news for this evening 's Liverpool vs Roma clash in their Champions League semi-final first leg at Anfield .
Liverpool team to play Roma
Star man Mohamed Salah starts against his former club .
Manager Jurgen Klopp makes five changes to the side that drew at West Bromwich Albion last weekend .
Trent Alexander-Arnold , Dejan Lovren , Andy Robertson , Alex Oxlade Chamberlain and Roberto Firmino return .
They replace Joe Gomez , Ragnar Klavan , Alberto Moreno , Georginio Wijnaldum and Danny Ings .
Long-term injury absentees Emre Can ( back ) , Adam Lallana ( hamstring ) and Joel Matip ( thigh ) are all out .
Starting XI : Karius , Alexander-Arnold , Lovren , Van Dijk , Robertson , Milner , Oxlade-Chamberlain , Henderson , Mane , Salah , Firmino
Roma team to play Liverpool
The quartet of Aleksandar Kolarov , Alessandro Florenzi , Daniele de Rossi and Edin Dzeko return to the starting lineup after being rest against Spal last weekend .
Cengiz Under is preferred to Patrik Schick .
Starting XI : Alisson , Manolas , Fazio , Jesus , Florenzi , De Rossi , Strootman , Kolarov , Cengiz , Nainggolan , Dzeko
JAKARTA , Indonesia — A spokesman for the family of an indigenous Papuan teenager who died after 24 hours in Indonesian police custody said that the 17-year-old had multiple bruises and injuries on his body and that it does n't accept the police explanation he was killed by alcohol poisoning .
The teenager , Rico Ayomi , died March 13 just hours after police returned him to his family after holding him in custody for alleged theft . According to police , they had rescued him from an angry mob of villagers in the coast West Papua city of Sorong .
One of the photos released by police showed the dead teenager with a plastic bottle of 70 per cent alcohol placed beside him .
The actual cause of death remains unclear . An autopsy has been conducted by police doctors from another province but results have not yet been released .
The leader of the Sorong Youth and Student Association , Simon Soren , who is representing Ayomi 's family , said family members were shocked when four police officers bought Ayomi to his family home about midnight unable to stand or speak .
There were bruises on his neck and chest , injuries on his face and arms , and he was bleeding from the mouth , said Soren . Ayomi died about 5 a.m. on March 13 , he said .
A close-up photo of Ayomi after his death provided by Soren shows abrasion-like injuries on his face and an arm .
Violent and frequently unexplained killings of indigenous Papuans are common in Indonesia 's easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua , a region annexed by Indonesia in 1962 and where an insurgency against Indonesian rule simmers .
The region 's mineral resources have been exploited for decades by the U.S. mining company Freeport , and provided significant tax income for the Indonesian government . But indigenous Papuans have benefited little and are poorer , sicker and more likely to die young than people elsewhere in Indonesia .
“ We will bring this case to justice so that no more indigenous Papuans are treated arbitrarily and unfairly , ” said Soren .
West Papua police spokesman Hary Supriyono said Ayomi was unconscious for nearly all the time he was held in jail and also vomited . Police took the teenager to a hospital , were they were told he was drunk and then delivered him to his family , Supriyono said .
Supriyono did not respond to additional questions about the police account of events , including why police waited 24 hours before taking Ayomi to a hospital .
“ The victim 's family who are Serui tribe did not entirely accept that Rico Ayomi died of alcohol , ” Supriyono said in a text message . “ Some of them believed that he died from being beaten by villagers from Seram . There has been a long dispute between Serui tribes and villagers of Seram descent . ”
1 . Former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon speaks at the campaign rally for former Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore , a Republican running for the U.S. Senate in Alabama , in Fairhope , Alabama on Dec. 5 , 2017 . The election , scheduled for Dec. 12 , will fill the seat left vacant by Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
2 . Moore supporters bow their head in prayer . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
3 . A Roy Moore supporter holds up a sign at the campaign rally . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
4 . Moore speaks at a campaign rally . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
5 . A protester against Moore tries to disrupt the campaign rally while the candidate 's supporters tear away his sign . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
6 . Romeo Ryan stands for a portrait with his RV while stopping along the side of the road in Daphne , Alabama on his way to the Moore rally in Fairhope . Ryan and his wife traveled from Georgia in support of the Republican candidate and his bid for U.S. Senate . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
7 . Moore stands with his wife Kayla at a campaign rally . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
8 . A television at OK Bicycle Shop in Mobile airs a local Fox affiliate 's story about the special election , announcing President Donald Trump 's endorsement of Moore . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
9 . A sign in support of U.S. Senate candidate Doug Jones , Moore 's opponent , hangs on a pickup truck outside of OK Bicycle Shop in Mobile . Andrea Morales / for NBC News
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
A military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course on Monday , injuring at least one crew member , an official told Fox News .
A U.S. Army UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir , Virginia with three crew members aboard crashed around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown , Ft. Belvoir spokesman Jimmie Cummings said .
One of the crew members was taken by helicopter to a local hospital , but Cummings would n't describe his injuries . The other two members of the crew were okay , Cummings said . Two medevac helicopters were initially sent to the scene to assist .
Kevin Bowen , who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown , said he saw the helicopter “ flying kind of low ” and then “ saw it spinning ” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course .
Related stories…
The crash came less than two weeks after a fighter jet crashed into a wooded area in Prince George 's Count in Maryland .
The F-16C fighter jet took off from Joint Base Andrews and was participating in a routine training mission before it suffered a mechanical issue and went into a wooded area near Piscataway Road and Steed Road in Clinton , Maryland , about six miles from Joint Base Andrews and 12 miles south of Washington D.C .
Fox News ' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Read more from FOX 5 DC .
Mark Rodriguez holds a sign with # enough during candlelight vigil at Pines Trails Park & Amphitheater for shooting victims from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on Tuesday , February 15 , 2018 . Al Diaz/Miami Herald staff
RENO COUNTY – A Kansas woman was injured in an accident just after 9a.m . on Monday in Reno County .
A vehicle driven by Jericah Ravenstein , Hutchinson , was traveling in the 5300 Block of North Plum , according to the Reno County Sheriff 's Department .
The driver lost control of her car south of the roundabout intersection in the drizzle and fog .
The car slid sideways into the ditch before rolling over onto its top .
Ravenstein was not wearing her seat belt and was trapped inside the car .
EMS removed her from the car and transported her to Hutchinson Regional Medical center for further evaluation .
The Reno County Sheriff Office is continuing the investigation into the accident .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
The Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to a boy on Monday — her third child with Prince William . The baby boy , whose name has yet to be announced , is fifth in line to the throne .
Prince William 's brother , Prince Harry , will have to wait a bit longer now .
NBC News ' interactive below takes a look at who 's who in the monarchy and the line of succession .
Video
Ahead of gastric band surgery , Gavin describes how being overweight means he has n't left the flat for four years .
Gavin contacted BBC Radio 5 live Afternoon Edition during a discussion on obesity and over two years the programme has followed his story as he gets ready for gastric band surgery .
He describes how , on his own , he is only able to go just outside his front door .
And we 'll keep you signed in .
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC ?
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “ just keep walking ” when she was booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway .
Instead , Patrick approached those fans and lectured them , telling them “ I have feelings . ''
Patrick also told the fans : “ My job is to not sign autographs , right ? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on . I do n't appreciate the boos . It hurts my feelings . ''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month 's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway , Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono .
She said she “ had a moment , '' according to The Associated Press .
“ Every now and again they just catch you in a moment , and I had a moment , ” she said .
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono . Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by . An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual . The fan appeared to be holding something to sign .
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking . A few fans booed her and that 's when she turned and walked toward those fans .
She said Wednesday she did n't sign for that man stopped by security because she “ did n't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard . ”
Patrick 's comment to the fans that it 's not her job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job .
Kevin Harvick , a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing , said on his SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “ Happy Hours ” this week that : “ I feel like signing autographs is 100 ( percent ) a part of my job description . It 's just something that you should do .
“ I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do . For me , it 's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want . I used to be one of those guys … ‘ Dang it , I do n't want to stop and sign autographs , ' or ‘ I do n't want to do the autograph session . ' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage . ''
Ryan Blaney , who scored his first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono , addressed the issue on his podcast “ The Glass Case of Emotion ” on Wednesday .
“ I do n't think it 's part of our job to sign autographs , I think it 's something that we should do , '' Blaney said . “ I like to do it a lot . If you 're worried about getting to your car , go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans . I mainly try to sign for kids . That 's my priority . ''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on his podcast , the Dale Jr. Download , this week .
“ I hate it for Danica because it paints her in a bad light , but she brought it on herself , '' Earnhardt said . “ You never know when a camera 's rolling , whose watching . It 's certainly true in that case . ”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help him if he 's frustrated with his performance .
“ The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘ I saw your qualifying , I saw it was n't very good . No problem , you 're going to get them tomorrow , ' ” Earnhardt said .
“ That 's all you really want to hear , from whoever is going to tell you that . You 're feeling like crap , you 're disappointed . … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement , their positive reinforcement is good for me . I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs , talking and interacting , you kind of get your priorities readjusted , what 's important . ''
Follow @ dustinlong and on Facebook
Harding High wins state 4A football championship : Coach dances
Harding High battled Scotland County in the NCHSAA Football Championship game at BB & T Field in Winston-Salem , NC on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Harding defeated Scotland County 30-22 . Following the victory head coach Sam Greiner did a little dance for the team .
Image copyright @ KenyaRedCross Image caption Homes have been submerged leaving thousands homeless
Two dams in Kenya are close to overflowing because of heavy rains , threatening the lives of thousands of people , the Red Cross has told the BBC .
Abbas Gullet , the head of the Kenya Red Cross , advised people in east and central regions to move to higher ground because of the flood risk .
He said that 200,000 had already been displaced because of flooding , many staying in schools or open areas .
Roads have been submerged underwater and there have also been landslides .
The two dams - Masinga and Kamburu - are fed by water from Mount Kenya .
People have been sharing pictures on social media of the aftermath of the flooding , including one of a Red Cross member of staff helping an elderly man in south-eastern Tana River county , where 50,000 have had to leave their homes .
Skip Twitter post by @ KenyaRedCross # MondayMotivation One of our staff members going through lengths to rescue those marooned by floodwaters in Tana River County , following heavy rains being experienced in most parts of the country . pic.twitter.com/TEY0sYl4sR — Kenya Red Cross ( @ KenyaRedCross ) April 23 , 2018 Report
The rains have forced President Uhuru Kenyatta to cancel his travel plans to western Kenya , where marooned houses can be seen below . He was due to attend a high-profile conference and has now decided to read his speech via video link .
A drone shot shared by a local TV station shows a damaged section on a major road . It is in Mahi-Mahiu in the south-west where a huge crack that might one day split Africa into two appeared .
The police posted a picture of this officer directing traffic on a flooded road .
Skip Twitter post by @ NPSOfficial_KE IG @ JBoinnet commends Police Constable Abdi Galgalo of Sultan Hamud Police Station captured by a motorist while directing traffic on a flooded section of the Nairobi/Mombasa highway . His action exemplifies the selfless service rendered by many officers to Kenyans each day . pic.twitter.com/vCa5D1nlNh — National Police Service-Kenya ( @ NPSOfficial_KE ) April 23 , 2018 Report
This aerial shot of Garissa town , in the north-east of the country where thousands have been displaced , shows the swollen River Tana .
In the capital , Nairobi , one tweeter considered his options for getting home .
Skip Twitter post by @ mmtairo My way home every evening . But I have options ...
1 . Swim across
2 . Use the overpass to KQ Pride Centre and drive through a KM of black cotton back to my house
3 . Join Outering Rd and drive to Donholm or Umoja then turn back
4 . Not go home
Viva Nairobi ! pic.twitter.com/of1bNr8dCj — Martin Tairo ( @ mmtairo ) April 23 , 2018 Report
Another Nairobi tweeter sent out a rallying call for the city 's residents to snap similar pictures to show the authorities that there is a drainage problem .
And some on social media appreciated that the flood waters had forced motorists to observe traffic rules . The notorious public buses called `` matatus '' - like the one in the tweet below - are not known for staying in single file .
Frances Bean Cobain 's ex-husband Isaiah Silva is suing Courtney Love for her alleged role in a conspiracy to murder him at his Hollywood home in 2016 . TMZ and People report that Silva has filed a civil complaint against Love , in which he claims that in June 2016 a motley crew of Love 's manager Sam Lutfi , Ross Butler ( the 13 Reasons Why and Riverdale actor ) , John Nazarian ( a private detective ) and a musician named Michael Schenk broke into Silva 's home , assaulted him , and attempted to kill him . Part of the end goal , allegedly , was obtaining the Martin D-18E guitar guitar that the late Kurt Cobain played during his iconic MTV Unplugged performance . Silva officially won the guitar in a settlement with Frances Bean Cobain this month , but Love and Cobain have been publicly battling with Silva over possession of the guitar since the summer of 2016 , when Silva and Cobain 's divorce was finalized . Silva argued that it was his property because Frances Bean Cobain had given it to him as a wedding gift .
Silva is now accusing Lufti , Butler , Nazarian , and Schenk of sexual battery and kidnapping , as well as burglary , robbery , and attempted murder . According to his account , the men knocked at his door pretending to be police officers . Silva claims Lufti grabbed his genitals and told him : “ Calm the fuck down or drag you upstairs and take turns fucking you. ” Silva is also alleging that they “ assault [ ed ] and cause [ d ] physical injury ” to his mother and threatened his 7-year-old child from a separate marriage . Silva claims the men were attempting to force him into a car when the police arrived and interrupted them , thanks to a call from a friend of Silva 's who was in the house . Silva alleges that the men made up a story to tell the police to avoid suspicion .
The suit also claims Lufti served as Love and Cobain 's drug dealer , providing them with , among other things , “ illicit benzodiazepines. ” It also claims that Butler served as a drug runner of sorts . Lufti was previously accused kidnapping and robbing Silva in 2016 . The manager is also notorious for previous allegations of drugging and emotional abuse levied against him by his former client Britney Spears . Spears settled Lufti 's defamation suit against her out of court in 2016 , after initially filing the suit in 2009 .
CVS Pharmacy will limit opioid prescriptions to a seven-day supply for certain conditions , becoming the first national retail chain to restrict how many pain pills doctors can give patients .
When filling prescription for opioid pills , pharmacists will also be required to talk to patients about the risks of addiction , secure storage of medications in the home and proper disposal , the retail pharmacy chain said Thursday .
The move by CVS to limit prescription opioids like OxyContin or Vicodin to a seven-day supply is a significant restriction for patients — the average pill supply given by doctors in the U.S. increased from 13 days in 2006 to 18 days 2015 , according to a recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed CVS Pharmacy to Limit Opioid Prescriptions 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
'We are further strengthening our commitment to help providers and patients balance the need for these powerful medications with the risk of abuse and misuse , ” Larry J. Merlo , President and CEO , CVS Health said in a statement .
CVS , which manages medications for nearly 90 million customers at 9,700 retail locations , plans to roll out the initiatives to control opioid abuse as of February 1 , 2018 .
Related : One in Three Americans Took Prescription Opioid Painkillers in 2015 , Survey Says
Daily dosage limits will be based on the strength of the opioid and CVS pharmacists will require the use of immediate-release formulations of opioids before extended-release opioids are dispensed , lowering the risk of tolerance to the highly addictive drugs .
Related : Opioid Prescriptions Are Down But Not Enough , CDC Finds
CVS — which was the first large retail pharmacy chain to stop selling cigarettes in 2014 — is now hoping to help curb the opioid epidemic in the United States . One in three Americans , or 91.8 million Americans used opioid pills in 2015 , according to a recent survey by the National Institute on Drug Abuse . More than 15,000 people died from prescription opioid overdose in 2015 , according to the CDC .
With counseling on secure storage and disposal of opioid pills , the CVS pharmacists may be able to limit easy access to the pills . Five percent of adults surveyed told the National Institute on Drug Abuse researchers they took opioids without their doctor 's permission , often getting the prescription meds for free from friends or relatives . The CVS drug disposal collection program will expand to 1,550 units , with the addition of kiosks at 750 retail pharmacies nationwide , adding to 800 units previously donated to law enforcement .
In addition , CVS has pledged to increase its commitment to community health centers by bolstering contributions to medication-assisted treatment programs by $ 2 million .
The CVS announcement comes on the heels of a special publication released by the National Academy of Medicine , `` First , Do No Harm , '' which calls on the leadership and action of doctors to help reverse the “ course of preventable harm and suffering from prescription opioids . ”
“ Simply restricting access to opioids without offering alternative pain treatments may have limited efficacy in reducing prescription opioid abuse , ” said representatives from NIDA . But the move is a major part of the multi-dimensional solution needed to conquer opioid abuse and a long awaited step in the right direction .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Protesters disrupt a speech by MP Jacob Rees-Mogg
Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg was caught up in a scuffle after protesters disrupted his speech at a student event .
Footage posted online shows the backbencher surrounded by a group of people , with shouting audible in the background .
BBC reporter James Craig , who was at the University of the West of England , said security cleared the protesters from the hall within five minutes .
Mr Rees-Mogg then resumed his speech .
Police officers were called to the Frenchay Campus in Bristol but no arrests were made .
He had been speaking at an event organised by the university 's Politics and International Relations Society .
At the scene : James Craig , BBC Somerset
It was due to be a fairly routine event - Jacob Rees-Mogg was booked to speak to a few hundred students at a ticketed event .
He would 've spoken for about half an hour before taking questions .
Just a few minutes after he started speaking , a group of protestors came into the back of the lecture theatre and started shouting anti-Conservative rhetoric , very loudly , trying to shout him down .
Rather than halting the event , or ignoring them , Mr Rees-Mogg walked up to the back of the theatre to try and talk them down .
At that point , various other members of the audience got involved , leading to the scuffle which happened .
It looked to me that Mr Rees-Mogg was actually pushed and shoved , although he insists he was n't .
But it was a very aggressive and unexpected scene .
A post on the society 's Facebook page , advertising the event , said it would be a `` chance to talk to an experienced parliamentarian about the issues of the day , what it 's like to be an MP and how you can get there '' .
On Twitter , eyewitness Chloe Kaye , who filmed the scuffle , described `` a huge amount '' of physical violence .
Others condemned the protesters .
Skip Twitter post by @ CalParrish I do n't share any of @ Jacob_Rees_Mogg 's politics but he has the right to speak at an event he was invited to . Anyone who tries to attack him , physically or verbally for their 'cause ' , just does discredit to the cause they are championing . — Cal Parrish # FBPE ( @ CalParrish ) February 2 , 2018 Report
Avon and Somerset Police said officers were called at about 18:30 GMT following a report of a public order incident .
`` An investigation is under way to see if any criminal offences were committed , '' the force said , while appealing for mobile phone footage to be passed on to them .
Towies : Towies
AS OF Tuesday night Gympie and Sunshine Coast tow truck operators are about to become the next prime-time national TV stars .
Airing on 7Mate , Towies is a 10 part series documenting the lives and work of the Clayton 's Towing staff .
Shot in the same vein as Border Security and The Force , the audience will have front row seats to all the on-the-job action - one of the episodes setting the tone particularly close to home with on the ground footage of the large sinkhole at Inskip Point that opened in the night at the camping hot spot and swallowed caravans two years ago .
The film crew travelled with the Clayton 's team every day for six months , which business owner Mike Clayton said was daunting at first but then became normal .
Mr Clayton said the show will give a great insight into the job his staff face everyday and hopefully lay to bed the stigma around surrounding tow-truck drivers .
A clip from Towies , airing on 7mate this week . Contributed
`` It 's not all about car accidents , we do recovery , difficult and challenging stuff . ''
`` There are some happy times , there are some sad times , there are some major accidents we attended .
`` Everything does n't go perfect , but that 's just how it is in the real world . ''
He said a huge part of the job is forming relationships with those they service .
`` We meet people at their worst and help them through and make good friends out of it . ''
Mr Clayton 's parents Bill and Mary Clayton started the tow-truck business in Nambour in 1970 when they hand built one old tow truck with only a couple of hundred dollars in their pocket .
Mike , whose children have also joined the family business , said its success came down to the work ethic his parents have passed on .
`` They 've always put everything into the business - they do n't live an exorbitant life - they just worked , worked , worked . ''
Gympie tow-truck operator Joel Isaacson will be featured on new national TV show Towies , airing this week . Contributed
Gympie tow-truck operator Joel Isaacson , excited about appearing on the new show said the late nights , early mornings and physical hard work of his job was always worth the outcome .
`` There is no greater feeling than knowing you 've helped someone get home safe . ''
Towie airs tonight on 7Mate at 8.30pm .
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board ( JAMB ) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test ( CBT ) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination ( UTME ) .
JAMB 's Registrar , Prof. Is-haq Oloyede , made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME .
Oloyede , who also announced the cancellation of the results of 59,698 candidates who sat for the examination , said another 24 CBT centres had been suspended for one year for failing to live up to expectations .
“ The ( 24 CBT ) centres will not participate in the 2018 UTME , but they can be reconsidered for 2019 and above .
“ The delisting of 48 centres from participating in the board 's examination in future is as a result of serious technical deficiencies , extortion , organised examination malpractices and other damaging infractions . ”
He said that JAMB had fixed July 1 , 2017 as the date for supplementary examination for candidates who registered late for this year 's UTME .
Oloyede added that some of the candidates whose results were cancelled , would also take part in the rescheduled exam .
The JAMB boss said the decision to allow the candidates sit for the rescheduled examination was reached after a thorough review of all the reports that emanated from their centres .
According to him , 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice ; 57,646 results were also affected as a result of centres-induced malpractices while the results of 666 candidates were cancelled due to multiple examinations .
He listed the categories of candidates whose results were cancelled but would take part in the rescheduled examination to include candidates of centres with mass malpractices but who are deemed innocent , biometric non-verification machine related issues .
Others include technical and log out issues , late registration , incomplete results and candidates who lost examination sessions due to malfunctioning of servers at the affected centre .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BY JIM MCLEAN
Political forecasters attempting to gauge the chances for a power shift in Congress are watching several key 2018 races across the country , including two in Kansas .
In the 3rd District , several Democrats are competing for the right to challenge four-term Republican Kevin Yoder , and in the 2nd District , a former Democratic candidate for governor hopes to claim an open seat .
Democrats challenging Yoder have the advantage of running in a district that Hillary Clinton carried over President Donald Trump in the 2016 election , albeit by a single percentage point .
Paul Davis , the former Democratic leader in the Kansas House , has what might prove to be a bigger advantage in the 2nd District , which covers roughly the eastern third of the state . He carried it by six points in his unsuccessful 2014 bid to unseat Republican Gov . Sam Brownback .
That strong showing and the fact that at the end of the first reporting period Davis had raised more campaign cash than his Republican rivals combined suggests that he is capable of winning the seat , said University of Kansas political scientist Patrick Miller .
“ Clearly Paul Davis showed that he could appeal to some of those right-leaning voters in 2014 , ” Miller said . “ His challenge is to replicate that and really get back that center-to-right support that can carry him over . ”
Davis , a partner in a Lawrence law firm , is hopeful but cautious .
“ Obviously I would n't be in the race if I did n't believe we had a good opportunity to win , ” Davis said . “ I also know that I 'm a Democrat in Kansas and things are never easy . ”
If Davis can get by Kelly Standley , a small-business owner from St. Paul , in the primary , he plans to court independent and moderate Republican voters by pledging to cross the aisle to forge compromise solutions on health care , taxes , the environment and a host of other key issues .
“ You know , we 've got plenty of people on both sides of the aisle in Washington that are just sitting on the end of the political spectrum , just providing more and more noise , ” Davis said . “ What we need right now are people who are going to be Kansans and Americans first and not Democrats and Republicans . ”
GOP field lacks big names
When Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins decided not to run for a sixth term , she expected that several high-profile Republicans would jump into the race to succeed her .
That did n't happen .
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach opted to run for governor instead . Attorney General Derek Schmidt considered a run but decided instead to seek re-election .
To ensure that the GOP fielded its best candidate , state Sen. Steve Fitzgerald , from Leavenworth , was willing to defer to any number of higher-profile Republicans . But when none stepped forward he jumped into the 2nd District race , saying it was essential for Republicans to hang on to the seat to help thwart an attempt by Democrats to gain control of the U.S. House .
“ Bernie and Hillary 's Democrats are desperate to retake Congress and resume their death march to socialism , ” Fitzgerald said at his July campaign launch . “ We can not let that happen . ”
Fitzgerald said if elected he would help President Donald Trump further his agenda for tax cuts , tougher border security and the rollback of Obama-era environmental regulations .
“ The puddles in your backyard are no longer ‘ waters of the United States ' to be regulated by the federal government , ” he said , before also praising Trump 's decision to withdraw from what he called “ the international climate scam . ”
Five now in GOP field
Similarly , state Sen. Caryn Tyson , from Parker , highlighted her support for the Trump agenda when she joined the race in August .
“ We need to embrace the president 's call to repeal and replace Obamacare , secure our borders and pass comprehensive tax reform to cut taxes , ” Tyson said in her campaign announcement .
In a recent interview , Tyson , who manages a Linn County ranch with her husband , described herself as a “ reasonable conservative , ” which she defined as someone willing to engage in debate and compromise to get things done .
As she campaigns , Tyson said she has not detected any buyer 's remorse from 2nd District voters who supported Trump .
“ A majority of people , I think , tend to take the attitude that they wish he would n't tweet so much , ” she said . “ But they agree with the agenda that he campaigned on . ”
State Rep. Kevin Jones , a former Green Beret from Wellsville , and Basehor City Councilman Vernon Fields and Topekan Matt Bevens round out the GOP field .
Former Kansas Commerce Secretary Antonio Soave recently withdrew from the race amid reports that Brownback fired him for , among other things , awarding state contracts to friends and business associates .
Race seen as competitive
Davis ' 2014 performance and his early fundraising prowess have put the 2nd District race on various watch lists . The seat is one of several that prognosticators believe Democrats could flip if there is a substantial midterm backlash against Trump .
Recently , Sabato 's Crystal Ball , a website run by University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato , adjusted its prediction on the Kansas 2nd District race , moving it from the “ likely Republican ” column to “ Republican leaning . ”
It 's a slight change , but one that signals that campaign watchers expect the race to be competitive , said KU 's Miller .
“ I do n't think that either side has a clear leg up , ” Miller said . “ The strengths of Paul Davis versus the Republican tilt of the district — we do n't really know how that will come out . ”
Jim McLean is managing director of the Kansas News Service . You can reach him on Twitter @ jmcleanks
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2-percent annual rate in the first three months of the year , as consumers and businesses slowed their spending . But given the economy 's recent performance , analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter .
Video
Literally .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
Trey Falwell talks on The Morning Line about exciting things happening at the university and the new arena to come .
Trey Falwell on Liberty Arena
The Uber of the past eight years certainly was n't your parents ' workplace .
Former attorney general Eric Holder 's recommendations into how Uber can reform its workplace were released on Tuesday and shed light on what it 's like to work at a company that went from a few core team members in 2009 , to the $ 70 billion giant it is today .
We 've heard the stories of harassment , discrimination , and misconduct — and the protocols and training that need to be in place to create `` Uber 2.0 . ''
But there are also day-to-day norms that are falling under scrutiny and essentially forcing Uber to grow up .
The entrance to Uber 's office in Hong Kong on March 10 , 2017 . Anthony Wallace / AFP - Getty Images
Related : Uber Board Member Who Made Sexist Comment During All-Hands Meeting Resigns
Catered Dinners
Silicon Valley start-ups are known for their generous perks , and Uber is no exception .
While free dinners , beer and ping-pong in the office may sound preposterous to people outside of the start-up world , they 're surprisingly common perks in tech community . ( And of course help serve another purpose : Keeping workers in the office longer . )
Catered dinners at Uber were previously at 8:15 p.m . They 're now being moved to 7 p.m. following a recommendation from the Holder report .
`` Uber should consider moving the catered dinner it offers to a time when this benefit can be utilized by a broader group of employees , including employees who have spouses or families waiting for them at home , and that signals an earlier end to the work day , '' the report said .
Alcohol in the Workplace
Walk into many San Francisco tech offices and you 'll likely find a selection of beer and wine ready for consumption . Holder 's report recommends Uber establish clear rules about alcohol in the workplace .
The company should `` strictly prohibit the use of controlled substances , including prohibiting consumption of alcohol during core work hours , '' the report said .
Or as David Bonderman , who resigned from Uber 's board on Tuesday after making a sexist joke , put it :
`` Do n't turn on the beer tap unless you turn on the food tap , '' he said in leaked audio of the company 's all-hands meeting where the report was discussed .
In an effort to create a more inclusive workplace , Holder 's report also recommends that Uber `` support work events in which alcohol is not a strong component to ensure that employees who do not partake in consumption of alcohol still have opportunities to engage in networking and team building activities . ''
Oh , and he also suggests trimming their booze budget .
Expense Report Oversight
That now-infamous business outing to a South Korean escort bar , which reportedly prompted a female employee to complain , certainly should n't be happening again . ( To be fair , it 's unclear how the issue was resolved and whether it was on Uber 's dime . )
But the anecdote shows how Holder 's report wants to ensure Uber employees on business trips stick to their purpose .
`` Uber should review its policies and procedures with respect to travel and expense reimbursements and enhance such policies to ensure that items that are inconsistent with Uber policies and procedures are not reimbursable and not reimbursed , and that proper controls are put in place to ensure compliance , '' the report said .
No More Excuses
Ever do something and blame your older sibling for setting a bad example ? Not only are senior leaders going to be held accountable — both in performance review and pay — but Holder 's report also calls on Uber to `` eliminate those values which have been identified as redundant or as having been used to justify poor behavior . ''
Those values in question include : `` Let Builders Build , Always Be Hustlin ' , Meritocracy and Toe-Stepping and Principled Confrontation , '' according to the report .
Colva : On September 26 , a car ran over the foot of a student of a prominent school in Margao . The boy had to be helped to walk to school by teachers and parents . This incident occurred right at the entrance of the school.The reason for this mishap was that three-fourths of the left-hand side road is occupied by two-wheelers parked haphazardly . With double-parking and , at times , even triple parking , there is hardly any space left for movement of vehicles . The car driver hardly had space to manoeuvre her car and ran over the foot of the student . The irony was that parents who had illegally parked their two-wheelers shouted and abused the woman who was driving the car.While schools commence at around 8am , the traffic jam created 15 minutes before and after school is chaotic . Parents tend to throw all caution and traffic rules to the wind to get their children at the footsteps or the gate of the school . After that , they sit and wait in the car or on the bike to oversee that their children are well inside the precincts of the school premises .
Many parents violate traffic laws and drive in the ‘ no entry ' zone to drop their wards at the school . Transporters , too , stop their vehicles almost in the centre of the road thereby blocking it . Traffic police are deputed at the entry points , but not near the school where the actual chaos takes place . Traffic PI Mohan Gaude says that in the Comba area of Margao alone , 9,000 vehicles enter to drop students . Police are posted at main junctions and due to shortage of staff it is not possible to depute staff at the entrance of every school , Gaude said . A parent said the manner in which parents park their vehicles teaches their children to violate rules themselves.A constable on duty said , “ We can tell gents not to break traffic laws , but if we even try to tell mothers , they start abusing us and threaten to even file a complaint of abusing and molesting them , so we tend to overlook it ” . [ TOI ]
Share
One of the more tedious parts of playing tennis , or just practicing your swing , is having to retrieve all of the tennis balls you have knocked around the court . But a new Kickstarter project is looking to make this time-consuming task a thing of the past by introducing a robot that can automatically pick up all of those balls for you , making post-match cleanup quick , easy , and convenient .
The Tennibot launched on Kickstarter recently and comes packed with some interesting technology that could make it a must-have for any tennis club . According to Haitham Eletrabi , developer of the device , “ Tennibot is the only robotic or autonomous solution that can pick up balls while you are playing . Tennibot perfectly integrates computer vision and artificial intelligence to save tennis players , coaches , and tennis clubs from wasted time and effort . ”
This Roomba for the tennis court reportedly uses high-tech sensors , object detection , and artificial intelligence to identify tennis balls and quickly sweep them up . It is designed to move around both hard and clay courts at speeds of 1.4 miles per hour and can hold up to 80 balls at a time . An on-board battery offers up to five hours of operation on a single charge and requires 90 minutes to recharge before it is ready to go again .
An app is in development for the Tennibot that will allow players to set boundaries for where the robot will operate during a practice session or game . The app provides an outline of the court and users simply select the zones where they want the robot to concentrate . Once activated , it will go about its work completely on its own , although the app – which will be available for iOS , Android , and Apple Watch – gives users the ability to manually steer the Tennibot , too .
According to Eletrabi , the Tennibot can be used in a variety of situations , including a single player hitting balls from a machine or one or two players practicing their serves , forehands , and backhands . It will even autonomously wander around the court picking up stray balls while coaches provide one-on-one lessons or instruct a group of players .
Eletrabi is looking to raise $ 35,000 to get the Tennibot into production . If successful , the device will go into production later this year , and is scheduled to begin shipping in January 2019 . It is expected to sell for $ 1,000 when it becomes available , although early bird supporters can get one for as little as $ 650 by contributing to the campaign .
As always , be careful when contributing to any crowdfunding project and know the risks involved before pledging your money .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
2:07
Video : Kevin Hart shows Cam Newton how much he can bench
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mrs Trump did not attend a fitness day event at the White House on Wednesday
US First Lady Melania Trump , not seen in public since a hospital operation this month , has sought to scotch rumours about her health and marriage .
`` Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , '' a tweet posted on her account said .
Gossip has mounted in the 20 days since she was last seen , with President Donald Trump as he welcomed home three US detainees from North Korea .
The White House has already dismissed claims about the Trumps ' relationship .
On Twitter , some suggested her husband actually wrote the tweet that appeared on her account on Wednesday .
On 14 May , the White House said Mrs Trump , 48 , would be admitted to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center near Washington DC for `` an embolisation procedure to treat a benign kidney condition '' .
`` The procedure was successful and there were no complications , '' a statement from the White House said after her release on 20 May .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ivanka Trump attended Wednesday 's White House event in her stepmother 's absence
But her five-day hospital stay for what was described as a relatively minor surgery did little to stop tongues wagging .
The Slovenian native has not been pictured since then , and has only released one previous tweet referring to her medical treatment .
Wild theories have circulated online , including that Mrs Trump has moved back to New York with their son , Barron , or that she is co-operating with special counsel Robert Mueller .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Trump swings a golf club during Wednesday 's event on the White House lawn
After she skipped the White House Sports and Fitness Day at the White House on Wednesday - an event heavily promoted by former First Lady Michelle Obama - the speculation only intensified .
Ivanka Trump , the president 's daughter and senior adviser , addressed the audience instead .
On Tuesday , the first lady 's spokeswoman , Stephanie Grisham , told Politico : `` Sadly , we deal with conspiracy theories all the time , so this is nothing new , just more silly nonsense .
`` She is doing great . I would n't characterise it as a long absence . She was hospitalised for almost a week and is now home and recovering . ''
During her hospital stay , Mrs Trump tweeted about a school shooting in Texas , a Navy Seal who was awarded a Medal of Honor , and in support of the military on Memorial Day .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mrs Trump ( left ) was last seen welcoming home former US prisoners from North Korea on 10 May
She earlier this month launched Be Best , an initiative to teach kindness to children .
Weeks ago , the White House rebutted claims the first lady was living away from the White House because she and the president were supposedly estranged .
Image copyright AFP
The Washington Post reported on rumours that Mrs Trump was living with her parents , Amalija Knavs and Viktor Knavs , in a Washington suburb .
Such political gossip can seem as cyclical in the nation 's capital as its cherry blossoms .
Unfounded claims were spread in Washington social circles during the last administration that President Barack Obama had filed for divorce from Mrs Obama .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) - Louisville has placed associate men 's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport .
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett , who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino 's replacement . Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe .
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich , who 's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees . Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while cooperating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson `` an appropriate step at this time . ''
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville ; it 's Fair 's second season on the staff .
Ten people have been arrested in the federal probe of the sport , including four college assistant coaches at different schools and an Adidas executive .
Pitino , 65 , is not named in the federal documents and has maintained that he did nothing wrong . His attorney , Steve Pence , has said Louisville `` effectively fired '' Pitino when they placed him on administrative leave on Sept. 27 . The school 's Athletics Association on Monday authorized interim university President Greg Postel to begin the process of firing Pitino for cause after 16 seasons as Cardinals coach .
Postel 's letter to the Hall of Fame coach on Wednesday said the action arises out of his conduct over a period of years and noted his involvement in two recent scandals involving the program - including the current federal investigation .
The NCAA in June placed Louisville on four years ' probation and has ordered the vacation of up to 123 victories - including its 2013 national championship - as a result of a sex scandal . The school and Pitino , who was suspended for five games , are appealing those sanctions .
___
For more AP college basketball coverage : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Lexi Thompson 's pain may prove to be the rest of golf 's gain .
David Rickman , the R & A 's executive director of governance , acknowledged on Golf Channel 's `` Morning Drive '' Monday that the new protocols that will eliminate the use of TV viewer call-ins and emails to apply penalties was hastened by the controversy following Thompson 's four-shot penalty at the ANA Inspiration in early April . The new protocols also set up rules officials to monitor TV broadcasts beginning next year .
“ Clearly , that case has been something of a focus point for us , ” Rickman said .
Thompson reacted to the new protocols in an Instagram post .
“ I applaud the USGA and the R & A for their willingness to revise the Rules of Golf to address certain unfortunate situations that have arisen several times in the game of golf , ” Thompson wrote . “ In my case , I am thankful no one else will have to deal with an outcome such as mine in the future . ”
Thompson was penalized two shots for improperly returning her ball to its mark on a green during Saturday 's round after a viewer emailed LPGA officials during Sunday 's broadcast . She was penalized two more shots for signing an incorrect scorecard for her Saturday round . Thompson ultimately lost in a playoff to So Yeon Ryu .
The new protocols will also eliminate the additional two-shot penalty a player receives for failing to include a penalty when a player was unaware of the penalty .
Shortly after the ANA Inspiration , the USGA and R & A led the formation of a video review working group , which included the PGA Tour , LPGA , European Tour , Ladies European Tour and PGA of America .
Also , just three weeks after Thompson was hit with the four-shot penalty , the USGA and R & A released a new Rules of Golf decision decision ( 34-3/10 ) limiting video evidence in two ways :
1 . If an infraction ca n't be seen with the naked eye , there 's no penalty , even if video shows otherwise .
2 . If a tournament committee determines that a player does “ all that can be reasonably expected to make an accurate estimation or measurement ” in determining a line or position to play from or to spot a ball , then there will be no penalty even if video replay later shows that to be wrong .
While the USGA and R & A said the new decision was n't based on Thompson 's ANA incident , LPGA players immediately began calling it the “ Lexi Rule . ”
A volunteer fire department in Young County spruced up a military vehicle to better serve its community when fighting fires .
The Eliasville VFD used a Texas A & M Forest Service Rural Volunteer Fire Department Assistance Program grant to help pay for a slip-on unit for an excess BMY five ton cargo military truck .
The firefighters gave the military vehicle 'new life ' as a firefighting machine according to a press release .
Along with a fresh coat of paint , an extended front bumper , brush rails , and slip-on unit was added .
The slip-on has a 1,048-gallon water tank and foam capability .
`` The addition of the slip-on unit with foam capability will help to increase our firefighting capacity because the foam has a cooling , wetting effect , '' said Eliasville VFD Fire Chief Jason Henderson in the press release . `` The combination of the foam and water increases the effectiveness of the water helping it to go further and making it wetter . ''
The truck is considered a heavy-duty brush truck with the primary purpose of fighting wildland fires in the 201 square mile protection area .
But the machine does have multipurpose capabilities .
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
Image copyright Getty Images
For travellers looking forward to their summer holidays , what to pack can be a source of stress . But did you know that taking an e-cigarette with you to countries such Thailand could land you with a fine - or even time in jail ?
Countries including the Seychelles , Brazil and Argentina have also banned the sale of e-cigarettes , but spending on them globally is going up .
These charts tell the story of a growing industry - but how many people vape , how much is being spent on e-cigarettes and why do people buy them ?
1 . Vaping is increasingly popular
According to the latest statistics from the World Health Organization , there has been a small but steady decrease in the estimated number of smokers globally since 2000 - from 1.14 billion then to about 1.1 billion now .
But it 's a different matter when it comes to vaping .
The number of vapers has been increasing rapidly - from about seven million in 2011 to 35 million in 2016 .
Market research group Euromonitor estimates that the number of adults who vape will reach almost 55 million by 2021 .
2 . Spending on e-cigarettes is growing
The e-cigarette market is expanding , as the number of vapers rises .
The global vapour products market is now estimated to be worth $ 22.6bn ( £17.1bn ) - up from $ 4.2bn just five years ago .
The United States , Japan and the UK are the biggest markets . Vapers in the three countries spent a combined $ 16.3bn on smokeless tobacco and vaping products in 2016 .
European countries such as Sweden , Italy , Norway and Germany also feature in the top 10 .
3 . Open-system e-cigarettes are the most popular
There are two main types of e-cigarette - open and closed system , also known as open and closed tank .
In an open system , the liquid that is vapourised can be refilled manually by the user . There is also a removable mouthpiece .
Closed system e-cigarettes use ready-made refills , which screw directly on to the e-cigarette 's battery .
Since 2011 , the gap in spending between them has been gradually widening .
Image copyright Getty Images
It is reckoned that this year , vapers will spend an estimated $ 8.9bn on open system e-cigarettes , also known as vape pens - more than double the spend on closed-system products .
4 . Most e-cigarettes are purchased in-store
Most e-cigarette users buy their devices in specialist shops , according to a report published by Ernst & Young .
In 2015 , 35 % of e-cigarette users surveyed across the UK , France , Germany , Poland , Italy , Russia and South Korea bought their devices in e-cigarette shops .
Of the 3,000 users surveyed by Kantar for Ernst & Young , 21 % said they had purchased their devices online .
It 's thought that consumers might make their first e-cigarette purchase in person , to build familiarity with a relatively new product , or to seek advice on which type of device might suit them best .
In the UK , Europe 's largest e-cigarette market , there are an estimated 2,000 vaping outlets .
5 . Why do people vape ?
Across the countries surveyed for Ernst & Young , the most common reason for using an e-cigarette was that they are `` less harmful than regular cigarettes '' .
About 49 % of regular users said that they used e-cigarettes in order to curb their smoking habit .
Public Health England 's latest report on vaping highlighted evidence that e-cigarettes are less harmful than regular cigarettes , and that there was no evidence so far to suggest that e-cigarettes might encourage young people to take up smoking .
The agency has also recommended that e-cigarettes should be available on prescription , because of their role in helping people give up smoking .
However , the World Health Organization has cited several health concerns associated with vaping , pointing out that :
HOUSTON - Harris County leaders will announce plans Wednesday for a proposed bond aimed at paying for flood control measures .
County Judge Ed Emmett and Russ Poppe , the county 's flood czar , scheduled a 2:30 p.m. news conference to discuss their plan for the proposed bond , including the types of projects it would pay for , the costs of those projects and a series of community meetings about the issue .
Emmett floated the idea of a bond measure in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey last year .
Earlier this month , Emmett said that while the amount of the proposed bond is not final , it could be upward of $ 2.5 billion . It would pay for existing flood control projects on Brays , White Oak and Hunting bayous and on Clear Creek , and it could include money for a third reservoir to be built in the county .
Voters will ultimately decide the issue during a special election on Aug. 25 -- the one-year anniversary of Harvey 's landfall .
Click2Houston.com plans to offer a live stream of Wednesday 's news conference .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Michael Bennett explains why he will continue sitting during national anthem
With a new NFL season unofficially underway , it has become clear that some players across the league will continue protesting the national anthem . Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett , who chose to sit during the pregame ritual over the weekend , is among those who have joined the movement .
Bennett sat on the bench with a towel draped over his head during Sunday 's preseason game against the Los Angeles Chargers .
After Seattle 's 48-17 win , Bennett told reporters he plans to continue sitting during the national anthem and hopes to inspire people to become more involved with social issues in their communities .
“ First of all , I want people to understand that I love the military , ” Bennett said , via Eric D. Williams of ESPN.com . “ My father 's in the military . I love hot dogs like any other American . I love football like any other American . But I do n't love segregation . I do n't love riots or oppression .
“ I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve . And I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that . ”
Bennett did not inform his coaches or teammates of his plans to make a political statement during the national anthem , but one Seahawks player told ESPN 's Jim Trotter that he is fine with the decision “ as long as Michael is preaching love and not hate . ”
“ Let people attack me because they do n't believe what I believe in , but at the end of the day , I 'm being vulnerable to show every person that no matter [ what ] you believe in , keep fighting for it , ” Bennett said . “ Keep fighting for equality . Keep fighting for oppressed people . And keep trying to change society . ”
One of Bennett 's former teammates also sat on the bench during the national anthem before his game on Saturday , so we obviously have n't seen the last of the protests .
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won his first two Cup Series races this year , but is n't ready for his breakout season to end just yet . John Raoux AP
iTunes Movies U.S. charts for week ending April 22 , 2018 :
iTunes Movies US Charts :
1 . The Post
2 . The Greatest Showman
3 . The Commuter
4 . Molly 's Game
5 . Justice League
6 . Baby Driver
7 . Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle
8 . Peter Rabbit
9 . Hostiles
10 . Super Troopers
iTunes Movies US Charts - Independent :
1 . Super Troopers
2 . Borg vs McEnroe
3 . Phantom Thread
4 . Lady Bird
5 . Darkest Hour
6 . Wildling
7 . Outside In
8 . In the Fade
9 . The Disaster Artist
10 . 10X10
__
( copyright ) 2018 Apple Inc .
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
Such downpours could thus be expected in the course of the season
The early morning rainfall experienced in the middle belt and coastal areas of the country today , indicates the beginning of the minor rainy season .
Such down-pours could thus be expected in the course of the season , which is expected to last from now till around the middle of November .
Mr Tettey Portuphy , Head of the Forecasting section of the Ghana Meteorological Agency , told the Ghana News Agency in an interview , that light to moderate rainfall was expected during the season .
He said one key precaution needed to minimise flooding during the rains , was to clean drains and gutters . Also people should avoid staying in flood prone areas .
Mr Portuphy said the public should endeavour to listen to the weather advise in order to plan their activities .
He gave a break-down of rain-fall figures for this morning 's down-pour as Tema-97 millimetres ( mm ) , Accra-74mm , Kumasi-Tech-90 mm and Kwadaso , a suburb in Kumasi , 110mm .
The rains caused flooding on many roads within the middle belt and coastal areas of the country , and also created heavy traffic jams .
Share
From June 14 to July 15 , the attention of sports fans across the globe will mainly be focused on one thing — the 2018 World Cup in Russia . As usual with this event , more than a billion people will be cheering on their favorite teams while simultaneously making bold predictions as part of the official FIFA Bracket Challenge . But this year , those who have a knack for picking the winning teams could also earn themselves a bit of cryptocurrency as well , potentially cashing in on the current crypto craze to take home some serious cash .
A website called Cryptocup is hosting a bracket challenge of its own , with all entrants earning a digital token based 0n their picks for the outcome of the World Cup games . Those tokens are generated as part of the Ethereum blockchain , which means they will hold a certain value on cryptocurrency trading networks based on the current price of Ethereum itself . That value can — and likely will — fluctuate up and down throughout the month-long World Cup tournament .
While that tournament is taking place , the token will gain points based on the number of games that its owner has picked correctly . Those who accurately predict the outcome of the games will shoot up the Cryptocup leaderboards , putting them in position to take home a slice of the prize money . The goal is to be in the top 10 percent when the tournament ends , as those players will split the purse , which will have its value determined by the number of players who have entered the contest and the current value of Ethereum .
The organizers of the Cryptocup tournament say that roughly 25 percent of the money collected will go toward paying the website 's overhead throughout the tournament . The remainder will be split among the top 10 percent of the players , with the exception of a small consolation payout going to the player who finishes in last place overall .
But there is another element to the Cryptocup game that makes it even more intriguing . In addition to the token gaining points based on how well the owner predicts the outcome of the World Cup games , that same token can be bought and sold on a secondary trading market that will spring up around the website . This gives players the opportunity to sell their token and cash out early should they find someone interested in buying it . Similarly , would-be buyers can look to cash in on a potentially valuable token by making an offer to its owner . All transactions of this type will be subject to a five percent commission , which will also be added to the prize money .
Currently , the pot is valued at 19.5 ETH , which equates to about $ 11,150 . The current buy-in for those who want to take part in the Cryptocup tournament is .075 ETH or approximately $ 42 . That price will increase as we near the start of the World Cup , potentially fueling an even bigger purse and payout down the line .
To find out more and join in on the fun , visit the Cryptocup website .
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what 's going on around Wales .
Oluwo Of Iwoland Shows Off His Multimillion Naira New Lamborghini
The traditional ruler of Iwo Kingdom in Osun State , Oba Abdul Rasheed Akanbi has bought a new expensive and luxury lamborghini car . Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share Oluwo Of Iwoland Shows Off His Multimillion Naira New Lamborghini took to social media to show off his new ride . See more photo below :
The post Oluwo Of Iwoland Shows Off His Multimillion Naira New Lamborghini appeared first on Timeofgist.com .
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts discusses HB2
Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts steps down next week after two turbulent years in the job . She sat down to talk about her handling of the Keith Scott protests , HB2 and other issues .
Nigeria can not survive without the Igbo – Femi Aribisala
Out of the three major ethnic groups in Nigeria , the Igbo have by far the worst politicians .
Among the different ethnic groups in Nigeria , the Igbo are without a doubt , one of the most remarkable . So remarkable , indeed , that some have even traced their ancestry to biblical Israel , as the far-flung descendants of Jacob , the Jewish patriarch .
Gad , Jacob 's seventh son , is said to have had three sons who settled in South-eastern Nigeria . These sons ; Eri , Arodi and Areli , are believed to have fathered clans in Igbo-land and to have founded such Igbo towns as Aguleri , Arochukwu , Owerri and Umuleri .
Igbo genius
Even the bitterest adversaries of the Igbo can not but admit that , as a people , they are very resourceful and ingenious . Indeed , this has often been the cause of their envy and dislike by others . However , more enlightened non-Igbo Nigerians see this as a cause for celebration . While today , the centre-point of Nigeria 's manufacturing is situated in the Lagos/Ogun axis , there is no doubt that the real locomotive of Nigeria 's indigenous industrialization lies farther afield in Aba and in the mushrooming cottage-industries of the Igbo heartland .
In one of the paradoxes of Nigerian history , the terrible civil war provoked homespun industrialization in the South-East . Military blockade left the Igbo with little alternative than to be inventive in a hurry . While Nigeria as a nation failed woefully to harness this profitably after the war , it has nevertheless ensured that the Igbo are at the forefront of Nigeria 's economic development today .
Indeed , the way we disregard “ made in Aba ” today is the same way we disregarded “ made in Japan ” yesterday . For those of us who believe against the odds that Nigeria is the China of tomorrow , we equally recognize that the ingenuity of the Igbo is an indelible part of the actualization of that manifest destiny .
Hall of fame
The Igbo have been a great credit to Nigeria . They have given us a great number of our favourite sons , including international statesman Nnamdi Azikiwe ; military leader Odumegwu Ojukwu ; regional leader Michael Okpara ; vice-president Alex Ekwueme ; mathematical genius Chike Obi ; literary icon Chinua Achebe ; world-class economist Pius Okigbo ; world boxing champion Dick Tiger ; international statesman Emeka Anyaoku ; and world-class artist Ben Enwonwu . Pemit me to include in this illustrious list even some of my very good Igbo friends : Pat Utomi , Ojo Madueke , Olisa Agbakoba , Joy Ogwu , and Stanley Macebuh .
Let us get one thing straight : Nigeria would be a much poorer country without the Igbo . Indeed , Nigeria would not be Nigeria without them . Can you imagine the Super Eagles without the Igbo ? Not likely ! Who can forget Nwankwo Kanu , Jay Jay Okocha and our very own Emmanuel Amuneke ? Can you imagine Nollywood without the Igbo ?
Impossible ! Just think of Stella Damascus-Aboderin ; Rita Dominic and Mike Ezuruonye . And then there are the diaspora Igbo who many are unaware are of Igbo descent , including concert singer and actor Paul Robeson ; Oscar award-winner Forest Whitaker ; mega-pastor T.D . Jakes ; Olympic champion Christine Ohuruogu ; and BAFTA actor award-winner Chiwetel Ejiofor .
You may well wonder why I have found it necessary to present this small litany of Igbo who-is-who . I think it is important to emphasise how the Igbo have been very vital to the Nigerian project . They have more than represented Nigeria creditably in virtually all walks of life . This makes it all the more absurd that this same people have been consistently denied the position of executive president of the country in all but six months of Nigeria 's 54 year history .
Civil-war legacy
Of course , a major reason for this was the 1967-1970 civil-war which had the Igbo on the losing side . But that was over 40 years ago . If there is really to be “ no victor , no vanquished ” in anything more than mere rhetoric , then the rehabilitation of the Igbo back into post civil-war Nigeria will not be complete until an Igbo man finally becomes president of the country .
That imperative should be of interest to every Nigerian nationalist , committed to the creation of one Nigeria where everyone has a deep sense of belonging . The problem , however , is that the Igbo themselves seem to be their own worst enemies in this regard . They appear to be doing their very best to ensure that this inevitable eventuality continues to be denied and delayed .
The Igbo need to forgive Nigerians . No one who lived through the horrors that precipitated the secession of Biafra and led to the civil-war can not but admit that the Igbo were abused and mal-treated in one of the worst pogroms ever . It was not just that they were senselessly massacred in their own country ; it was that they were butchered . I remember vividly gory pictures of scores and scores of the Igbo with hands chopped up and with legs amputated . And then there were the ravages of the three-year civil-war itself , resulting in the death of millions of Igbo ; much through starvation and attrition .
The end of the war brought no respite , as the Igbo were pauperized by fiscal decrees that wiped out their savings and their properties were blatantly sequestered by opportunists . All this is more than enough to destroy the spirit of any group of people .
But God has been on the side of the Igbo . It is a testament to their resilience that , in spite of this terrible affliction , they have survived , bounced back and have even triumphed in Nigeria . Forty years have now gone by . The Igbo may never forget what happened to them and , indeed , should never forget . But it is past time for them to forgive .
We are sorry
This is one voice in the Nigerian wilderness saying to the Igbo from the depth of his heart : we are sorry . We are sorry for the way we mistreated you . We are sorry for the way we abused you . We are sorry for starving your children to death . We are sorry for killing your loved ones . We are sorry for stealing your properties . We are sorry for making you feel unwanted in your own country . Please forgive us . It is time to forgive us . It is way past time for the Igbo to forgive Nigerians . We beg you in the name of God .
There was a civil war in the United States , but the defeated South rose from the ashes . Five of the last nine presidents of the United States have been from the South , including Jimmy Carter from Georgia , George Bush from Texas and Bill Clinton from Arkansas . The time is overdue for an Igbo president of Nigeria , but it is not going to happen as long as the Igbo continue to hold a grudge against Nigeria and Nigerians .
There is no question about it : the Ibos can not elect a president of Nigeria on their own . To do so , they have to join forces with others . They have to form alliances with people from other parts of Nigeria . That is not going to happen as long as the Igbo continue to bear a grudge against practically everybody else .
The Igbo have a gripe against virtually all the people they need . They have this tendency to antagonise their possible alliance partners . They keep dredging up the past , refusing to let sleeping dogs lie . Until they drop these gripes , they are not likely to realise their dreams .
Demonising Yorubas .
For example , the Igbo have this tendency to demonise the Yorubas . It is alarming when reading the Vanguard blogs today to see the animosity often expressed between Igbo and Yoruba contributors . The hatred is most unhealthy . Insults are traded with abandon . What is the point of this ? For how long will the Igbo demand emotional retribution from every Yoruba for the betrayal of Awolowo ? Most of the contributors were not even born when the civil-war took place more than a generation ago .
There is now even transferred aggression against Babatunde Fashola , who made the blunder of repatriating some destitute Igbo from Lagos back to their home-states . The man has apologised for the infraction . He should be forgiven . Blunders are not the exclusive preserve of the non-Igbo . The Igbo have made more than a few themselves and will yet make others .
Paradoxically , the redemption of the Igbos to prominent national office moved apace under President Obasanjo ; a Yoruba man . Recognising that Igbos are some of the most seasoned , competent and experienced public-servants , Obasanjo relied heavily on their expertise .
Thanks to him , we got Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala at Finance , Charles Soludo at Central Bank , Obiageli Ezekwesili at Education , Ndidi Okereke at the Stock Exchange , and Dora Akunyili at NAFDAC . Indeed , Igbo statesmen came into more prominence under Obasanjo than did Yoruba statesmen . But for some strange reason , this does not seem to have succeeded in assuaging the ill-feeling of the Igbos toward the Yorubas .
Bad politicians
Within the framework of Nigerian politics , the Igbo also have a fundamental problem . Out of the three major ethnic groups in Nigeria , the Igbo have by far the worst politicians . They have no recognizable leaders , and have no discernible strategy as to how to negotiate power at the centre . As a result , the Igbo have tended to be short-changed at the federal level . Traditionally , the inconsequential ministries , such as the Ministry of Information , have been zoned to them .
The Igbo need to work out a plan that will take them to Aso Rock . First , they need to choose and groom a de-tribalised leader of the Azikiwe mould who can be sold to non-Igbos . Then , they need to give him undiluted support . At the moment the internal politics of the Igbo militates against this .
The Igbo seem to hate themselves as much as they hate others . They seem to fight themselves with as much venom as they fight others . Every potential Igbo leader seems to have more enemies within than without . This must not be allowed to continue .
The Igbo need to help themselves in order that their friends can help them . In this centenary of Nigeria 's amalgamation , as we embark on the arduous process of crafting our future through a National Conference , we salute the Igbo for their fortitude and implore them to stake their claim in Nigeria . Nigeria can not survive without the Igbo .
The post Nigeria can not survive without the Igbo – Femi Aribisala appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
