Salisbury Steak with Mashed Potatoes , Gravy & Corn
The daily lunch special is only $ 7.25 and it includes beverage as well as a choice of soup or salad .
Pheasant Run Restaurant ~ famous for breakfast – fantastic for lunch .
Open 6a to 3p Daily .
If you want the best , Pheasant Run has it !
Pheasant Run Restaurant – 3201 Vine Street – Hays , Kansas
Photo : PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jonathan Davis is ready to go it alone .
The Korn frontman has detailed his forthcoming full-length solo debut , Black Labyrinth , set for release on May 25 .
Related : Korn 's Jonathan Davis Shares New Solo Song ‘ What It Is '
“ There 's a level of enlightenment I want to achieve , ” Davis explained in a press statement about the album , which was inspired by the Ganzfeld Experiment , a technique used in parapsychology which are used to test individuals for extrasensory perception .
“ With all of the bulls— going , everyone is stuck on their f—ing cell phones , ” Davis continued . “ This takes us way out of that . No matter how hard you try to fight bad things in your life , life will be what it is . It 's up to you to accept that , combat it , and move forward , or it 's up to you to be in denial . Then , it becomes a thorn in your side until you finally deal with it . This is it . Just deal with it . ”
See the album track list and a preview video featuring snippets from the album below .
Davis will support the new album with a tour , which launches April 6 in Portland , OR . See the full tour itinerary below .
Jonathan Davis – Black Labyrinth Track List
1 . “ Underneath My Skin ”
2 . “ Final Days ”
3 . “ Everyone ”
4 . “ Happiness ”
5 . “ Your God ”
6 . “ Walk On By ”
7 . “ The Secret ”
8 . “ Basic Needs ”
9 . “ Medicate ”
10 . “ Please Tell Me ”
11 . “ What You Believe ”
12 . “ Gender ”
13 . “ What It Is ”
Jonathan Davis Tour Dates
4/6 – Portland , OR @ Crystal Ballroom
4/7 – Seattle , WA @ Showbox
4/9 – Vancouver , BC @ Commodore
4/10 – Spokane WA @ Knitting Factory
4/12 – Sacramento , CA @ Ace Of Spades
4/13 – Los Angeles , CA @ Belasco
4/14 – Tucson , AZ @ KFMA Day 2018
4/16 – San Diego , CA @ House Of Blues
4/18 – San Francisco , CA @ Fillmore
4/20 – Tempe , AZ @ UFEST 2018
4/21 – Albuquerque , NM @ Sunshine Theater
4/22 – Denver , CO @ Ogden Theater
4/24 – Dallas , TX @ Gas Monkey Live
4/25 – Houston , TX @ Warehouse Live
4/26 – Oklahoma City , OK @ Diamond Ballroom
5/1 – Kansas City , MO @ Truman Theater
5/4 – Milwaukee , WI @ The Rave
5/5 – Detroit , MI @ The Majestic
5/6 : Chicago , IL @ House Of Blues
5/8 – Cincinnati , OH @ Bogart 's
5/9 – Cleveland , OH @ House Of Blues
5/11 – Portland , ME @ Aura
5/12 – New York , NY @ Irving Plaza
5/14 – Orlando , FL @ The Plaza Live
5/15 – Atlanta , GA @ Variety Playhouse
5/17 – Silver Spring , MD @ Fillmore
5/18 – Boston , MA @ House Of Blues
URGENT – WEATHER MESSAGE
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE DODGE CITY KS
855 PM CST SUN JAN 1 2017
KSZ030-031-043 > 045-021100-
/O.NEW.KDDC.FG.Y.0001.170102T0700Z-170102T1600Z/
TREGO-ELLIS-SCOTT-LANE-NESS-
INCLUDING THE CITIES OF…WAKEENEY…PFEIFER…HAYS…
SCOTT CITY…SCOTT STATE LAKE…DIGHTON…NESS CITY
855 PM CST SUN JAN 1 2017
…DENSE FOG ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM 1 AM TO 10 AM CST MONDAY…
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN DODGE CITY HAS ISSUED A DENSE FOG
ADVISORY…WHICH IS IN EFFECT FROM 1 AM TO 10 AM CST MONDAY .
* VISIBILITY…DOWN TO A QUARTER OF A MILE OR LESS
* IMPACTS…HAZARDOUS TRAVEL DUE TO LIMITED VISIBILITY . PATCHY
FREEZING DRIZZLE WILL ALSO BE POSSIBLE DURING THIS TIME FRAME
CREATING SLICK SPOTS ON THE ROADS .
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS…
A DENSE FOG ADVISORY MEANS VISIBILITIES WILL FREQUENTLY BE
REDUCED TO LESS THAN ONE QUARTER MILE . IF DRIVING…SLOW DOWN…
USE YOUR HEADLIGHTS…AND LEAVE PLENTY OF DISTANCE AHEAD OF YOU .
Residents of the town of Neryungri in Russia 's Sakha Republic are used to close encounters with their furry forest neighbors . However , the last few days have seen an uptick in brown bear sightings in urban areas , prompting the authorities to take action .
On Wednesday , local news portal Yakutia 24 reported that wild bears came to visit the hospital in Neryungri for the second day in a row . `` For two years we have not seen such a case , but yesterday , one bear came and scattered garbage cans about . Today the number of bears that came grew to three . I sent a letter to the Neryungri Committee for Nature Protection , '' the hospital 's head doctor explained .
Фото : Юрий Коковин
Уже второй день на территорию больничного комплекса города Нерюнгри Нерюнгринского района Якутии приходят в гости дикие медведи . Об этом телеканалу « Якутия 24 » сообщил главный врач Нерюнгринской ЦРБ Нюргун Степанов.https : //t.co/KGMrcvLlo7 pic.twitter.com/W2SsWS6DYb — ЯКУТИЯ_24 ( @ NbcSakha ) 4 июля 2018 г .
`` For the second day in a row wild bears came to visit the hospital complex in Neryungri in Yakutia . This was reported to Yakutia 24 by Central Regional Hospital head doctor Nyurun Stepanov . ''
Sputnik got in touch with Neryungri nature service head Vladimir Innokentiev , who explained that measures would be taken . `` Information was received about several bears walking around the territory of the hospital . Today , a team of hunters along with our officers will set off to ambush the bears , '' he said .
© Sputnik / Evgenya Novozhenina Vuvuzela-Wielding Bear Cruising Through Moscow Under Investigation - Report
Innokentiev had not clarified whether the bears would be shot with a tranquilizer and moved to a safe location or killed . But Russian social media users fearing the worst urged authorities not to harm the bears . `` A bear in the taiga is its native resident , and is n't just a mushroom picker , '' one user wrote . `` Did they cut down their habitat ? '' another inquired . `` It means there is a reason for this ; it 's necessary to trace this phenomenon to its roots . Of course it 's easier to just grab a gun and kill animals , '' another tweeted
Bear sightings are a common occurrence in Neryungri , taking place near residential areas , trash pickup areas and landfills . According to the Sakha Republic 's hunting department , there has been an uptick in bear sightings in human settlements in recent years . This has been attributed to a growth in the brown bear population , their migration patterns , and forest fires , which plague the region during the summer .
The Bonneville Power Administration will be upgrading its infrastructure serving Central Oregon . A study recently completed details the need for more power for the area to meet the growing residential , commercial and industrial demands . While the power grid as it sits right now is large enough to meet current needs , that wo n't be the case in the future . Requests from Pacific Power , Midstate Electric and Central Electric Cooperatives for increased power will result in a boost to the interconnection capability of 315 megawatts by June of 2019 .
POLICE in East Yorkshire said emergency services were “ stretched ” after more than 30 collisions on roads across the area .
The Humberside force sent a series of tweets about the icy roads in the county and neighbouring and North Lincolnshire .
A spokesman tweeted : “ Motorists please take extra care today . The freezing overnight temperatures have left us with very icy roads and they still have n't thawed .
“ More than 30 collisions across the force area this morning . Emergency services are stretched . Please drive to the conditions .
“ Rural areas across North Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire are especially icy . What looks like puddles on the road are actually black ice . ”
A “ yellow ” weather warning for ice has been issued for Scotland , Northern Ireland , the North and the East Midlands .
Icy patches are likely to form on roads and pavements as temperatures dip below freezing on Monday .
Showers of rain , sleet and snow are expected and higher ground in the affected areas could accumulate between 2-5cm of snow .
The warning extends until 11am on Monday , with people being warned they could experience “ difficult driving conditions and slippery pavements ” .
Met Office forecaster Emma Boorman said it was a cold start to the year that could see large parts of the UK wake up to frost .
Temperatures in parts of Scotland and the North could “ quite easily ” reach as low as minus 4 or 5C ( 23-25F ) , she said , due to a large area of high pressure allowing northerly winds to bring cold air into the UK .
Warning motorists to be aware of icy spots , she said : “ Take extra caution on the roads , leave extra time . There could be a few icy patches on untreated surfaces , and the showers could be quite nasty too .
“ If you do run into a shower , particularly in the northern third of Scotland , there could be a wintry element of sleet and snow particularly up on the hills .
“ Because the breeze is coming in from the north , we tend to see the showers mostly affecting the coasts of Scotland , England and Northern Ireland , ” she added .
Towards the south of the country , she said : “ There 's been an awful lot of cloud and rain through the course of the day so overnight that 's going to be finally making its clearance and the temperatures will be falling away accordingly , so not quite as cold as it will be further north , but still a chilly night . ”
Large swathes of England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland could wake up to a light frost on Monday morning , she added .
The South East was the only place that could be immune because it was the area which had held on to the cloud and rain the longest on Sunday , with temperatures of around 2-3C ( 36-37F ) .
Jessica Alba used to suffer sexual harassment `` all the time '' in her career .
The 37-year-old actress - who shot into the limelight as a teenager - has revealed she just `` accepted '' that she was going to be mistreated while growing up in the industry because she thought she 'd miss out on opportunities if she had said anything .
Speaking on CNN 's 'Talk Asia ' , she said when asked if she had experienced sexual harassment : `` Oh yeah , of course I have . Yeah . All the time along the way . I do n't know , I guess you should n't have accepted it , but , as a young actress growing up in the business , you just accepted that that 's the way you were going to be treated .
`` You could either go this way or that way with it , and do I think I could 've gotten some opportunities if I would 've done this versus that ? Sure .
`` But for me , that 's just not something I was comfortable with , frankly ... I mean , I 've been doing this since I was 12 . Imagine , imagine what that 's like . ''
And , although she brushed off the sexual harassment she suffered as a youngster , Jessica believes it was `` time '' for the # MeToo movement , which was launched earlier this year to encourage women in the entertainment industry come forward about their own experiences after Harvey Weinstein was accused of sexual misconduct .
She explained : `` I think things have been imbalanced for way too long and I think it 's about time . No-one gave me a handout . No-one gave me an opportunity . I had to fight for it , but it would be nice if I had some people who helped me along the way and I did n't have to fall on my face so much , and it would 've been also nice to have more women mentor me and help me along the way . ''
And , being a mother of three children - Honor , 10 , Haven , six , and Hayes , six months - the brunette beauty wants to encourage them to take control of their own bodies .
She said : `` There are warning signs and there 's that feeling in your stomach and you have to listen to that feeling . ''
Whether you 've been hopping from terminal to terminal for work , just came back from a whirlwind vacation , or have felt like you 've been buried underneath long work hours , chances are your skin is feeling ( and showing ) the stress of all that work . If you feel like your skin needs a little TLC , there 's a new face mask hitting store shelves that promises to give your face a break and restore it back to its healthy , glowing self . Summer Fridays ' new Jet Lag Mask is here to fix all of your problems .
Created by two Los Angeles-based lifestyle bloggers and real life friends , Marianna Hewitt and Lauren Gores Ireland , the two started Summer Fridays together after years of skincare-sampling-experience .
`` We ca n't begin to count how many beauty products we 've tried , '' they explained on their brand 's site . `` Thanks to our blogs— Life With Me and You & Lu — we 've been sent pretty much everything out there . Even with cabinets , bins and boxes full of every type of treatment , we were still searching for something with good-for-you ingredients that gave our skin an immediate selfie-worthy glow . ''
The two collaborated with a team of industry experts to create their first product , `` a simple mask that would leave skin looking gorgeous whether you 're hopping off a plane or just running out the door . ''
The name `` Summer Fridays '' pertains to those shorter Friday work hours some people get during the summer , and their products give `` your skin some time off . '' You get to de-stress like it 's a Friday , and bring your complexion back to its healthy , rested glow . And that 's exactly what the Jet Lag Mask does . It drenches your skin with radiance-boosting moisture that buffs away any dullness with natural ingredients that come packaged in a pretty tube .
The product is cruelty-free , paraben-free , sulfate-free , vegan , uses no synthetic dyes or fragrances , and is made in the U.S. To apply it , you smear the thick formula onto dry skin , and it immediately starts soaking into your pores , bringing your dewiness back . You do n't wash it off — rather , you go to bed and wake up with a replenished look .
The formula is jam-packed with good-for-you ingredients , like chestnut extract that exfoliates away dullness , vitamin C that is an antioxidant and brightens your skin tone , and green tea which soothes angry complexions and reduces puffiness and redness .
As Hewitt and Gores Ireland explained on their Instagram , this mask was created directly out of necessity , where the two founders needed to not look as tired as they felt , but could n't find a product that showed the kind of visible results that they were after . And so they created their own .
While the product launched only earlier this month on March 8 , it already has nearly 9600 likes on Sephora and a 4.4/5-star rating with 57 reviews . A lot of people are loving the results of this jet lag mask , claiming it 's the best mask they have ever used .
Jet Lag Mask , $ 48 , Sephora
You can get the mask for $ 48 either at Summer Friday 's website or at Sephora . If you want to splurge a little and see if it 's worth the hype , it 's a fun option to check out . Who knows , this just might be the answer to all of your jet lag woes .
ENTERTAINMENT
The opening ceremony of the Asia Song Festival in 2016 . ( Busan-Yonhap )
The 2017 Asia Song Festival , an annual Asian pop music festival , will take place in September , featuring a star-studded lineup of artists , according to its organizer Monday.Under the theme of “ Asia is One , ” the festival will be held from Sept. 22-24 at venues across Busan.On its first day , music industry officials from 10 countries will gather for a conference at Nurimaru APEC house in Haeundae to discuss issues related to intellectual property.On Sept. 23 , Korean singers including San E , BewhY , Vanilla Acoustic , Eddy Kim and other Asian singers as well as Indonesian group Mocca and Vietnamese singer Erik will perform under the theme of “ Fall in Music ” at Sajik Arena.The main concert on the last day will feature a stellar lineup of singers . Leading K-pop artists such as EXO , Mamamoo , Taeyeon of Girls ' Generation , Dynamic Duo and The East Light will perform at a night-time extravaganza , alongside seven foreign groups including Swedish Zara Larsson and Japanese Mika Nakashima.Ticket sales will open on Aug. 28 for the Sept. 23 concert and Aug. 30 for the main concert on Sept. 24.By Kim So-yeon ( syk19372 @ heraldcorp.com
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rumours of a coup to oust embattled Theresa May continued to swirl around the PM tonight – despite her insistence she has the “ full support ” of her Cabinet .
The Prime Minister desperately tried to brush off mounting speculation over her future , saying : “ Now , what the country needs is calm leadership and that 's exactly what I am providing , with the full support of my Cabinet . ”
But Mrs May faces unprecedented challenges to her leadership following her disastrous party conference speech – with up to five ex-Cabinet ministers said to be plotting to topple her .
Here , we assess the options .
How safe is Theresa May ?
The general consensus is the coup will fizzle out . Shapps is a discredited figure and unpopular with his Tory colleagues .
Much will depend on this weekend , when MPs return to constituencies and sound out activists and voters . If they find the mood has turned against Mrs May , the plotting could quickly flare up again .
( Image : Andy Stenning/Daily Mirror )
Can she lead the party into the next general election ?
The Prime Minister says she intends to fight the 2022 election but few believe this is likely . This June 's election exposed her limitations as a campaigner .
There is common agreement within the Tory ranks that defeating Jeremy Corbyn will require a new leader with fresh ideas .
( Image : Getty )
So when will they get rid of her ?
The Conservatives now appear to accept Mrs May will have to go but there is no collective opinion on when .
Until her conference nightmare , the unwritten plan was for her to see through the Brexit negotiations and then stand down . Now there are doubts about her having the clout to handle the negotiations .
Some Tories believe the only way to save the talks is to get a new leader but Brexiteers fear this would install a Remainer PM .
What else is stopping the Tories from plunging the knife in ?
Primarily , there is no consensus on who should take over . All of the candidates have flaws . Amber Rudd is a Remainer with a slender majority in her seat . Boris Johnson is loved by the party rank and file but distrusted by MPs .
David Davis is not seen as sufficiently serious . Ruth Davidson does not want to leave Scotland and Jacob Rees-Mogg belongs in an antique shop .
( Image : REUTERS )
Is n't this the worst of all worlds ?
Yes . The Tories have a leader whose tenure lasts until she completes Brexit but she does not have the authority to deliver it .
They do n't dare risk moving against her because they can not agree on who will succeed her and fear it could end the DUP deal – and cause another general election .
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder .
Minassian , 25 , dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit , showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court .
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10 .
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he 's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack .
His father , Vahe Minassian , was escorted out of the court by police officers .
GIRL BONDS : Hennes & Mauritz AB is turning to female power and solidarity to bolster its image following a series of public relations blunders , with a spring campaign film featuring actresses Winona Ryder and Elizabeth Olsen and singer Andrea Valle .
The campaign features a series of women dancing through the streets of Buenos Aires . The print campaign – also shot on site – stars Andreea Diaconu , Anna Ewers and Imaan Hammam .
“ I love the way that the campaign really celebrates women in a very authentic way . I found that to be really refreshing and much needed right now in this culture . They are celebrating themselves and each other , ” Ryder said in a statement .
H & M last week sparked criticism for a recent advertising campaign featuring graffiti by artist Jason Williams , known as Revok , who said his artwork was featured without his permission or knowledge . After artists called to boycott the company , the Swedish retailer withdrew a legal filing claiming copyright law did not apply and said it should have acted differently .
The company also ignited a social media storm earlier this year for an image that sparked accusations of racism , for which it apologized .
H & M has been under intense scrutiny from investors and analysts as it struggles to find its footing due to shifts in consumption to online avenues and following missteps in product assortments .
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site . By continuing to use this website , you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Ongoing drought and wildfires have cattle ranchers in at least five Southwestern U.S. states scrambling for hay or pastureland , while others are selling off some of their herds .
Extreme and exceptional drought conditions have contributed to wildfires in Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , Texas and New Mexico , delaying the growth of or destroying grass and wheat used to feed cattle in spring .
`` Finding hay out here in this part of the state is next to impossible , '' according to rancher Darrel Shepherd of Custer , Oklahoma , about 80 miles ( 129 kilometers ) west of Oklahoma City . `` Pastureland is really hard to find right now ... the wheat , with the drought and all , the wheat is no good . ''
Northwestern Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Panhandle — nearly 20 percent of the state — are rated in exceptional drought , the most severe category . Exceptional drought is also reported in parts of the Texas Panhandle , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico and in Utah and Arizona .
Federal agriculture officials in New Mexico said ranchers may not have feed to maintain their herd sizes and that some are already trimming their herds , while farmers along the Rio Grande are bracing for less water to irrigate their crops .
In northwestern Oklahoma , two large wildfires that burned about 545 square miles ( 1412 sq . kilometers ) destroyed pastures , but rains this past weekend helped firefighters bring the flames under control and began the process of restoring grassland .
`` This last weekend was a godsend ... not enough to erase the drought , '' said Oklahoma State University agricultural economist Derrell Peel . `` But it 's a first step and the time of year is right for the grass to green up in the next few weeks . ''
Rains are needed to continue through at least the beginning of June in order to prevent Oklahoma ranchers from being faced with downsizing herds , Peel said , but even if that happens , he does n't expect any impact on the price of beef .
`` I do n't think this area is big enough , '' Peel said . `` We 're still seeing an increase in beef production '' nationwide .
Both Shepherd and Woods County Extension Agent Greg Highfill said ranchers in surrounding states are donating as much hay as possible to help keep livestock fed .
`` Because of the drought there is n't as much extra hay to be donated as in other years , '' according to Shepherd . `` People are being very generous and giving what extra hay they have . ''
Shepherd said he does n't know where the hay is coming from , but is thankful for what has been provided .
`` There 's a lot of hay from out of state being shipped in . We do n't have all we need but we 're getting more in each day , '' he said . `` You just ca n't thank those people enough . ''
Three days of voting will come to an end this evening and we 'll find out who will be the new BC Liberal leader .
Around 60,000 people are eligible to vote on who will be replacing the old liberal leader and former premier Christy Clark .
“ I 've always been an Andrew Wilkinson right from the get go , I think he has got what it takes to be there , ” says Liberal MLA Mike Morris . “ But having said that , all the members , Michael Lee , Mike de Jong , Todd Stone , everyone who 's running is fully capable of doing the job . ”
Going with his gut feeling , Morris Believes Wilkinson will pull through tonight .
“ He 's been going fairly steady throughout the whole thing , and he 's got the majority of the currently serving MLA 's on board with him and all of us have a lot of supports within our own riding that support Andrew as well . I 'm leaning in that direction and I look forward to serving under him . ”
Wilkinson has some tough competition as two others who are running also served under Clark 's cabinet ( Todd Stone , Mike de Jong ) , as well as two former mayors ( Sam Sullivan , Dianne Watts ) , and a first time runner from Vancouver ( Michael Lee ) .
Voting closes tonight at 5pm .
NORTH FERRIBY UNITED manager Steve Housham admitted his frustration after a 3-1 defeat at Barrow confirmed the club 's relegation back to National League North after just one season .
Reece Thompson gave the visitors a fourth-minute lead , but the hosts were soon level through Jordan Williams .
The players have developed as individuals and as a team over the season . North Ferriby boss , Steve Housham
Two goals in as many minutes shortly before the break seemed to knock the stuffing out of Ferriby , Richie Bennett quickly following up Shaun Beeley 's 41st-minute strike .
“ I 've told the players that I 'm proud of everyone of them for their performances this season , ” said Housham . “ We 've competed well in most games .
“ The players have developed as individuals and as a team over the season . The loss of the experienced players through injury has placed a lot on the shoulders of very young players , but they have responded magnificently . ”
Guiseley suffered a 2-1 loss despite being ahead against Tranmere Rovers , leaving them just a point above the bottom four .
The hosts took the lead in the 33rd minute through Derek Asamoah 's looping effort from 25 yards .
Tranmere were unable to draw level before the break despite several chances , but they equalised early in the second half through James Norwood .
The winner came in the 58th minute through Andy Cook .
“ Performance-wise I can not criticise the lads , we gave it everything , but we just could n't get the result we wanted , ” said Guiseley boss Adam Lockwood . “ We know how important Bromley on Saturday is and we will be going in with the intention of repeating the good things from this loss . ”
Dec. 28
Bail Jumper : Deputies arrested a 35-year-old man on misdemeanor and felony counts of bail-jumping from a home on the 5300 block of County Trunk T at 12:21 AM .
Trespassing….Well , Maybe Not : A 48-year-old man called deputies to report two other people , a 49-year-old man and 51-year-old woman , were trespassing on the 5500 block of Jacks Dr. in Plover . It turned out to be public land and the duo were n't trespassing .
Helpin ' Out Grandma : A Portage Co. deputy stopped to assist a 67-year-old woman on the 1600 block of County Trunk I in Custer after the woman accidentally locked a sleeping child , and her car keys , inside the vehicle , at 11:34 AM . The deputy unlocked the car without incident .
Fleet Farm Thief : Police arrested a 48-year-old man for taking two pairs of shoes from Fleet Farm at 10:31 AM without payment . One pair of Skechers men 's gel-infused memory foam shoes , and one pair of men 's brown and plaid canvas shoes , totaling over $ 80 in value , were recovered .
But What Would You Use It For ? A 32-year-old woman called police at 6:50 PM to report a 35-year-old man was suspected of stealing a vein viewing system — a piece of medical lab equipment — valued at over $ 8,000 from Ministry St. Michael 's Hospital on Illinois Ave. No further information was immediately available .
Dec. 29
Busted for Drugs , Fake Money : Police arrested a 55-year-old man on charges of drug possession , forgery and felonious bail-jumping from a business on the 2200 block of Division St. at 12:01 PM . When searched , police confiscated counterfeit three $ 100 bills ; one counterfeit $ 50 bill ; two small plastic bottles containing a liquid substance ; an envelope containing marijuana “ shake ” ; and a pair of plastic gloves .
Pay Attention : Police cited a 23-year-old woman for inattentive driving near Hwy . 66 and West Gates Dr. at 6:13 PM .
Second OWI : A 28-year-old man was arrested for his second OWI charge after a traffic stop near Fifth Ave. and Second St. at 7:37 PM . The man was also cited for operating left of center and operating after suspension . A search of his vehicle uncovered legal blood kit , a part of rubber gloves , sanitizer and a rubber tie off , and a small chunk of a white sleeping pill .
Dec. 30
Intoxicated Ex : A 40-year-old woman called deputies to report her intoxicated ex-husband was creating a disturbance on the 3200 block of Campsite Rd . at 2:47 AM . The man was taken to a local motel for the night .
Bumblebee colonies are at risk of extinction after pesticide exposure says study
Pesticide puts bumblebee colonies at risk
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction , a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests .
Nigel Raine , an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph , discovered that thiamethoxam , a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world , reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter .
The results were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution .
“ Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony , ” Raine said of the research conducted in his lab with researchers from Royal Holloway , University of London .
“ It was a bigger impact than I was expecting . And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct . ”
Bees are crucial to agriculture . Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination , with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure .
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why . Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines .
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids , while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use .
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees , dandelions and clover .
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen 's ability to set up a colony , a crucial part of a bee 's life cycle .
Bumblebee queens , he explained , are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony , from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over .
While there has been much study of the honeybee , not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee , Raine said .
In his lab , Raine infected half the bumblebee queens he was studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold , dark room to force an artificial hibernation . Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups , one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “ field realistic ” levels found in the wild , he said .
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying .
“ There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment , ” Raine said .
But he did find a substantial impact on egg laying .
“ We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms , ” Raine said .
He took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time .
“ We 're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that 's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals . ”
If anything , Raine said , his study is conservative , considering he only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite , whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee 's health , including disease and habitat destruction .
Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
TUNKHANNOCK — A service for the third victim of last week 's shooting at the Weis Market in Eaton Twp . will take place late Saturday morning .
Friends and family of Brian Hayes will gather at the Tunkhannock Assembly of God Church , 181 Bridge St. , for an 11 a.m. celebration of Hayes ' life . Attendees may pay respects from 10 a.m. until the service . Pastor Rick Womer will officiate .
Remembered by friends , family and neighbors as a tough person with a warm smile and great sense of humor , Hayes leaves behind a wife , daughter , stepdaughter , father and several brothers and sisters .
His obituary appears on Page B8 .
— JEFF HORVATH
Total income of Bajaj Hindusthan Sugar increased to Rs1,798.06 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal from Rs 1,379.35 crore in the year-ago period . Photo : iStock
New Delhi : Bajaj Hindusthan Sugar Ltd on Monday reported a net loss of Rs25.08 crore for the quarter ended June on higher expenses .
Its net loss stood at Rs77.38 crore in the year-ago period . Total income increased to Rs1,798.06 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal from Rs 1,379.35 crore in the year-ago period , the company said in a regulatory filing .
Bajaj Hindusthan has 14 sugar mills with cane crushing capacity of 1.36 lakh tonnes per day and alcohol distillation capacity of 800 kilo litres per day .
Besides sugar , the Shishir Bajaj-led Bajaj group has interests in power , ethanol , real estate , personal care products and infrastructure .
The murdered half brother of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un seems to have shown his support for victims of the terrorist attacks in France in November 2015 , according to a profile image on a Facebook account presumed to be his on Wednesday .
On the Facebook account opened under the name of Kim Chol , the most recently created profile photo visible to the public is an image of an animal uploaded on Nov. 16 , 2015 . The photo was run through a filter that overlaid the colors of France 's national flag .
( Facebook )
At that time , Facebook allowed its users to apply the filter symbolizing France 's three-colored flag to their profile images to show solidarity with the victims of the deadly terrorist attacks in Paris.Kim Chol is the name on a passport held by Kim Jong-nam , who was killed on Monday at an airport in Malaysia after being poisoned in an attack by two unidentified women.Only 13 photos can be publicly seen , including some featuring Kim Jong-nam in front of a hotel or casino in what could be in the Chinese enclave of Macau.He has 164 friends on his Facebook account , but the name of his son Han-sol can not be found.The son , who is believed to be staying in Macau , came into the spotlight in 2012 following an interview with a Finnish television station.He said he hopes for the unification of the two divided Koreas and wants to improve the livelihoods of ordinary people in North Korea which is controlled by his young uncle Kim Jong-un.A list of Kim Jong-nam 's favorite musicians includes late French singer Serge Gainsbourg and Japanese singer Hiroshi Itsuki , according to the account.Seoul 's spy agency said Wednesday that Kim 's murder was a `` standing order '' issued by the North 's current leader since he inherited power in late 2011 following the sudden death of his father Kim Jong-il . ( Yonhap )
MAGNITOGORSK , Russia — Alexis Lafreniere continued his impressive showing at the world men 's under-18 hockey championship , scoring in overtime and adding an assist as Canada beat Sweden 3-2 on Tuesday .
Canada finished the preliminary round on top of Group A with 11 points from three regulation wins and one overtime victory . The Canadians will face the Czech Republic , the fourth-place finisher in Group B , in a quarterfinal game Thursday at Magnitogorsk 's Arena Metallurg .
Lafreniere , a 16-year-old star of the Rimouski Oceanic in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League , has four goals and two assists in four games at the tournament , held in the Russian cities of Magnitogorsk and Chelyabinsk .
Raphael Lavoie and Chase Wouters also scored for Canada in Tuesday 's win over previously unbeaten Sweden , which finished second in Group A with 10 points . Olivier Rodrigue made 29 saves .
Orlando Pirates are not the finished product , as displayed by a nervous last period of Saturday night 's 2-1 Absa Premiership victory against Maritzburg United at Orlando Stadium .
But Bucs are increasingly more scintillating for longer periods .
It 's the intelligence of coaches and teams in the PSL , and cleverness with which they find each other out , then respond to that , that detractors of the league – and South Africans do like to knock all things their own – are not quite seeing .
We would all like to see more goals . But this is a close , competitive and , as it enters its final third , at times explosive and wildly unpredictable league .
And so many of the goals scored in the second half of the season have been of a rare quality .
Following Percy Tau 's spectacular run and flick for Khama Billiat to finish and Mamelodi Sundowns to preserve their lead with a big win against Cape Town City on Friday night , Thabiso Kutumela in the 30th minute at Orlando produced a technically exquisite free-kick to give Pirates hope of keeping in touch with the Brazilians .
Happy Jele headed a second in the 48th . Siyanda Xulu pulled one back in the 74th .
Bucs coach Milutin Sredojevic might have looked as if he was responding to Thursday 's 3-0 shock to Ajax Cape Town with a defensive three-centreback ( Gladwin Shitolo , Happy Jele , Ntsikelelo Nyauza ) formation .
But a 3-4-3 that had wingbacks Innocent Maela and Mthokizisi Dube pressing the line like wingers to create a five-man frontline when Bucs had the ball was not conservative .
With Marshall Munetsi and Musa Nyatama in central midfield , Pirates had the cover to absorb one of the league 's quickest counterattacks , while the adaptable system allowed Bucs , with a high workrate , to press United and pin them back .
Electricity crackled through this game . Fadlu Davids 's superbly conditioned young Maritzburg , after some early breakouts , were pushed back .
Bucs earned a free-kick 24 metres out , to the right , that Kutumela curled with power and precision round the outside of the wall for the lead .
Maritzburg goalkeeper Richard Ofori was unsighted by an innovative , never-seen-before linking of arms then three quick steps back by three Bucs players shielding the ball .
Pirates kept control . Luvuyo Memela 's cross was not cleanly volleyed by Kutumela , Ofori still having to react quickly .
Bucs hammered their second nail as a clinical corner just after the restart , by Memela , found Jele at the near post to glance past Ofori .
Memela struck the upright from the tightest of angles . The contest , though , was far from over . United committed numbers forward and Bandile Shandu struck Jackson Mabokgwane 's left pole with a cracking drive .
Mabokgwane palmed an awkward free-kick by Mxolisi Kunene onto the same upright .
Xulu got up high to Deolin Mekoa 's free-kick to head home for a nervous last 15 minutes for Pirates .
Pink has kicked off the new year by sharing the first photo of her new baby with his big sister .
The 37-year-old singer , whose real name is Alecia Moore , posted a picture of her daughter Willow holding baby Jameson on Instagram Sunday . The 5-year-old looks thrilled and has a big smile on her face . She 's also showing off some pink highlights in her hair .
Moore wrote in the caption that she and husband Carey Hart “ thank you for your love and we send it back to you in spades . ”
Jameson Moon Hart was born on Dec. 26 .
Moore and Hart were married in 2006 .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A convoy of travellers who set up camp on green space in north Bristol have been ordered to move on .
The group have been parked on Horfield Common , at the junction of Gloucester Road and Kellayway Avenue overlooking the point where the former becomes Filton Road .
Bristol Live understands the travellers arrived at the site at some point on Saturday , April 21 .
( Image : Heather Pickstock )
The convoy is believed to be made up of about six caravans , parked on a site which is popular with families and community groups in the area .
The common is home to tennis courts , a bowling green , a children 's play area , a community cafe and a number of walking and running routes .
The space is also close to the Dorian Road entrance of Southmead Hospital and is also overlooked by Horfield Leisure Centre .
( Image : Google )
Although volunteers put in time to maintain Horfield Common , it is managed by Bristol City Council and the local authority has moved swiftly to serve a trespass notice while a welfare assessment will also be carried out .
A Bristol City Council spokesperson said : “ The traveller sites officer visited the group yesterday and served a trespass notice . They will be returning today to complete a welfare assessment . ”
On Monday , the organizers of the California succession ballot initiative formally withdrew their petition , less that three weeks after getting approval to start gathering the 585,407 valid signatures needed to qualify for the November 2018 ballot . Marcus Ruiz Evans , the ballot initiative 's official proponent , made the request to the California secretary of state , explaining to the Los Angeles Times that `` the biggest obstacle to Calexit is having a professional grassroots administration , '' but petition organizer Louis Marinelli had already pulled the plug on the current effort in a statement emailed from Russia , where he lives with his Russian wife .
Marinelli , who gained attention in December for opening an `` embassy '' in Moscow for the Independent Republic of California , said Monday he now intends to make Russia his home , `` if the people of Russia would be so kind as to welcome me here on a permanent basis , '' given his `` frustration , disappointment , and disillusionment with the United States . '' It 's `` only proper , given my intention to seek permanent residence in Russia and not return to California in the foreseeable future , to withdraw that petition from circulation , '' he wrote , so others could start a new petition `` free from ties to me . ''
Martinelli said his big beef with Washington was immigration , specifically the trouble he had getting a green card for his wife , but now he no longer wants to `` live under the American flag . '' He held out the possibility that he might `` eventually return to occupied California and struggle for her independence from the United States so we could build the kind of country that reflects our progressive values , '' but said that in Russia he 'd found `` a future detached from the partisan divisions and animosity that has thus far engulfed my entire adult life . '' Martinelli campaigned for Bernie Sanders in 2016 but said he eventually voted for President Trump .
The Calexit 's failure to launch puts it in good company , the Los Angeles Times reports , adding to the more than 200 earlier attempts to declare independence for California or split it into multiple states . It 's not clear that succession would be constitutional . Peter Weber
Montreal 's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather .
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal , with officials expected to provide an update later today .
Meanwhile , the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency .
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend .
From the WWE Rumor Mill : Ric Flair is in a medically induced coma
Get well soon , Naitch !
by Anirudh Balasubramaniam News 14 Aug 2017 , 22:50 IST
Ric Flair is suffering from serious medical issues
Jimmy Van , the owner of Fightful.com , recently reported that Ric Flair was in a medically induced coma .
@ FightfulOnline I 'm told from sources close to the situation , as of this morning Ric Flair was in a medically induced coma . — Jimmy Van ( @ jimmyvan74 ) August 14 , 2017
On August 18 , 2017 , Melinda Morris Zanoni , CEO of Legacy Talent LLC and representative of the Nature Boy , tweeted that Flair was in the hospital for routine health checks and that there was no reason to panic .
Yes , Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes , many thx2his fiancé & hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style ! — MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 13 , 2017
She later stated that the former WCW Champion needed the positive energy of his fans because he was dealing with serious health issues . WWE also reported this story on its website .
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair ? If so , we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? — MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 14 , 2017
In his autobiography To Be The Man , Ric Flair stated that he had been diagnosed with alcoholic cardiomyopathy — the weakening of the heart muscle caused by immoderate consumption of alcohol .
There has been no official word about Flair 's health after Jimmy Van 's report , but several personalities from the world of professional wrestling have sent the former NWA Champion their best wishes on Twitter . Our thoughts and prayers are with Ric Flair and his loved ones during these diffic times .
Sending lots of love to @ RicFlairNatrBoy and his family today . We 're thinking of you Naitch ❤️ — Renee Young ( @ ReneeYoungWWE ) August 14 , 2017
Sending positive energy and prayers out to you Ric . We need The Nature Boy around for a long time ! @ LegacyTalentCEO @ MsCharlotteWWE https : //t.co/BFbz6YvB0D — Mick Foley ( @ RealMickFoley ) August 14 , 2017
I saw @ RicFlairNatrBoy before I flew to Boston yesterday
I can assure that he needs everyone 's prayers and positive vibes . Thx in advance ! ! — Michael PS Hayes ( @ MichaelPSHayes1 ) August 14 , 2017
Thoughts , prayers , and positive thoughts up for @ RicFlairNatrBoy . Time to kick-out and make another comeback my friend . — Eric Bischoff ( @ EBischoff ) August 14 , 2017
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
WORLD
Brent crude traded near $ 70 a barrel as the specter of expanding U.S. supply was weighed against Wall Street banks ' growing faith in a price rally .
The benchmark grade is on course to end the week lower , after being whipsawed by concern about rising American production and optimism over rosy outlooks painted by forecasters including Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
Brent has held at these levels since mid-January , after being driven higher by shrinking U.S. stockpiles and a weaker dollar earlier in the year . Goldman Sachs hiked its price forecast Thursday , saying the market is now likely balanced and strong global growth will buoy demand in emerging economies . Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. also raised their outlook last month . Higher prices are an incentive for American drillers to pump more .
“ There 's no doubt shale players will respond to higher prices , ” says Jan Edelmann , commodity analyst at HSH Nordbank AG . “ Given the momentum of the world economy though , the risks are skewed to the upside for oil demand . ”
Brent for April settlement was at $ 69.38 a barrel as of 12:27 p.m. on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange , down 27 cents . The contract rose 0.8 percent to $ 69.65 a barrel on Thursday . Total volume traded was about 31 percent below the 100-day average .
West Texas Intermediate for March delivery fell 0.2 percent to $ 65.70 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , and is down about 0.7 percent this week . The April contract traded at a discount of $ 3.95 to Brent for the same month . ( Bloomberg )
Former Republican reporter Fred Contrada was never one to sit still , remaining active via biking and karate into his early 60s .
And even today , as a degenerative disease robs him of his ability to move about , he still has the itch to keep going -- somewhere , anywhere .
`` He 's always trying to get up and go , '' his son , Rio Contrada said . `` Sometimes we 'll ask him what he wants , and he 'll just tell us , 'It 's time to go . ' This was inspiring for me because it 's indicative of his lifelong sense of wanderlust . My grandma told me even when he was a young man returning home for the holidays , he was always itching to get back on the road . ''
Rio said he used the phrase `` Time to Go '' as the title of his new movie inspired by his father 's battle `` because his never-ending desire 'to go ' has become the main theme of the film and the attribute he still has today that reminds me the most of the person he has always been . ''
The film centers on Contrada 's past few years after he was involved in a serious bicycle accident in 2016 . The crash did n't cripple his body , but rather manifested itself in an initial diagnosis of a concussion , which then led to a diagnosis of Parkinson 's disease .
Now , doctors , who believe the accident triggered an underlying condition , have diagnosed Contrada , 65 , with progessive supernuclear palsy , a rare degenerative condition that causes symptoms such as loss of balance , slurring of speech , and dementia .
Rio Contrada , 27 , was working as a producer of a reality show in Los Angeles when his father suffered the initial injury . He decided to return home to assist with his father 's care . As he witnessed his dad 's condition worsen , he decided he needed to document his dad 's life before it was too late . This led to a series of interviews between father and son .
`` I saw pieces of my dad falling away that used to be there , and now they 're no longer there , '' Rio said . `` He is such a great storyteller . ''
But as the interviews progressed , Rio started thinking along different lines .
`` At a certain point , I started to think about all the people who have this degenerative disease and that they get treated like nonentities and get brushed aside , '' he said . `` So I wanted to make this film to remind myself , and to connect those spaces where you 're seeing not only the sick phase of him , but also the other phases of his life . ''
Because one of the symptoms of these diseases is a tendency to want to escape , the film , which is fictional but based on Contrada 's story , uses that in contrast with Fred 's adventurous spirit when he was healthy . Although it is set in the present , the film employs flashbacks to draw parallels between the main character when he was healthy and his current state .
`` It shows him as a young man just out of college with a soul-sucking job . And his father wants him to pay rent , and he just wants out , which is like the modern-day storyline , where he is trying to get out of house , '' Rio said . `` Those two storylines culminate with a modern-day attempt to escape : He tries to get into his car and drive away . ''
Doing the interviews with his father also gave Rio some new insights into his parents , like how he almost may not have been born because his parents might have never ended up together .
`` My parents ' meeting easily could have gone in a different direction . They had some serious disagreements right off the bat , '' he said . `` My mom was pretty much done with him after the first date . They had this big argument over Buddhism , and my dad was saying that 'life is suffering ' and my mom was really turned off by that . But my dad stayed persistent and kept after her . ''
Making the film also created some difficult exchanges for his family , which includes his mother , Joan Axelrod-Contrada and his sister Amanda . Rio said the screenplay itself started some conversations about their family dynamic . And casting the film also had its poignant moments .
`` The first audition we had was for the ( current-day ) sick version of main character , '' Rio said . `` He did a monologue of things my dad has said , and he performed them so well that at the end of the audition , my mom burst into tears . ''
So what started out as a personal project to document his father 's rich life experiences has now turned into somewhat of a cause to educate people about these types of degenerative diseases .
`` I did n't start out to do that , but meeting other people that have these conditions ... a lot of these people are in their 60s and it really is heartbreaking to watch , '' Rio said . `` I think the word needs to get out about degenerative illnesses . ''
And what does his dad , who is now living in an assisted living home , think about the project ? After all , reporters are used to telling stories , not being the subject of one .
`` The past few months , I 've showed him the project and the actors , but it 's hard to know what his emotional state is because he does n't emote . He has what is called the Parkinson 's mask , which means he does really have any facial expressions , '' Rio said . `` But he 's always been very supportive of my writing , and in some ways , I think he thinks it 's kind of funny . ''
To contribute to the indiegogo campaign for the film , go to indiegogo.com/projects/time-to-go-film-family/x/18216485 # /
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A dad of three today reveals how he ended up on the brink of death – through downing too many energy drinks .
Nick Mitchell suffered a brain haemorrhage after gulping 25 cans of Monster and Red Bull over the space of six hours while running a karaoke evening in a hot club .
He woke up later that night with a blinding headache so bad he called 999 and was rushed to hospital .
Doctors diagnosed a severe caffeine overdose and a CT scan revealed a brain bleed .
The frightened mechanic was rushed into surgery and warned 60 % of victims had another haemorrhage within the next 12 hours – many fatal .
( Image : PA )
It was the beginning of weeks of hell in which survivor Nick , 56 , went on to suffer a series of terrifying mini-strokes that left him numb and unable to speak because of lack of oxygen to his brain .
“ I had three in the space of a week , ” said Nick . “ These drinks nearly killed me . I was so close to death and thought I might not make it through surgery .
“ They should not be sold . They are as bad as drugs and should be banned . ”
A single can of an energy drink can contain as much as 160mg of caffeine – more than a double espresso – and up to 14 teaspoons of sugar .
( Image : Matthew Pover )
Nick is still suffering fallout from his ordeal eight years ago . His strokes left him with word blindness – and he is speaking out to warn others addicted to the buzz from the seemingly innocent drinks whose sales continue to rise .
He said : “ There 's a reason these drinks give you wings – but I nearly flew off the Earth and never came back . ”
At the time , heavy-duty plant mechanic Nick was running his own karaoke machine business in his spare time and working up to six late nights a week in clubs and pubs .
He said : “ For about nine months I had been drinking about three or four cans an evening . I could n't have alcohol as I was working and driving , so I 'd have Red Bull instead .
“ I found they kept me going until I 'd finished work . But as soon as I had one , I craved another . I did n't realise at the time how addictive they were . But on the days I did n't have them , I would go onto a downer , and would be grumpy . ”
( Image : PA )
On the fateful night in June , 2010 , divorced Nick – dad to Joshua , 22 , Joanna , 27 and James , 30 – was rushing to get his equipment ready at a local rugby club . “ It was the first hot night of the summer . Roasting , I drank two large cans of Monster on the way to work , ” he said . “ As soon as I arrived I started drinking Red Bull . Only later did the manager tell me I 'd supped 23 75cl cans by midnight and a pal told me I was like a coiled spring . I was jumping around all over the place . He said he 'd never seen me so hyper . ”
Within five minutes of getting into bed that night , Nick woke up with severe pains in his head . He recalled : “ It felt like someone had cracked my head open with a sledgehammer . I could hear my heartbeat in my ears .
“ I 'd had with migraines in the past , but this did n't compare . The pain was off the scale . I called an ambulance , but I was so worried I 'd pass out I opened my windows in case I could n't get to the door when the paramedics arrived . ”
Nick , of Wakefield , West Yorks , was rushed to Dewsbury and District Hospital where doctors confirmed he 'd had a brain bleed . He said : “ I was absolutely terrified . I had no idea if I would still be alive the following day .
“ By then my three children had arrived at the high dependency unit . I was so frightened they were about to watch their dad die before their very eyes. ” Nick was taken to theatre to repair the burst blood vessel , but surgeons could n't locate it so he had to stay in a further five days . When discharged he was warned he would probably suffer a bout of transient ischemic attacks – TIAs or mini-strokes . “ I suffered three in the space of a week , ” said Nick . “ They were so frightening . My whole body went numb . I could n't move or speak for up to half an hour at a time .
( Image : Huddersfield Examiner )
“ It took me months to fully recover . The severe headaches seemed to take forever to stop . Even now , I get word blindness where I ca n't get out what I 'm trying to say . But I realise I 'm one of the lucky ones . It could have been so much worse . I shudder to think teenagers ca n't buy alcohol yet they can buy these drinks that are equally if not more dangerous . It 's ridiculous . They are so addictive . With hindsight it was foolish to drink that many , but I had no idea they were that dangerous . I 'm just glad I 'm still here to tell the tale . I 've never had once since . ”
A Red Bull spokesman said : “ One 250ml can of Red Bull contains 80mg of caffeine , about the same as a cup of home-brewed coffee . The European Food Safety Authority has stated that caffeine intake of up to 400mg per day ( five 250 ml cans or five cups of coffee ) does not raise safety concerns for the general healthy adult population . ”
Monster Energy failed to comment .
Danger of caffeine overload
A consultant neurologist confirmed downing energy drinks one after the other can have dangerous consequences .
Dr Mohammed Dashti said : “ Caffeine can cause a hyper activity episode in the brain . Too many of these in a short space of time can lead to a rapid surge of blood flow and the narrowing of vessels . This is a very dangerous combination and can cause the rupture of a blood vessel that can led to a bleed on the brain or a heart attack . ”
Dr Dashti , of Spire Parkway Hospital in Solihull , added : “ Each individual 's tolerance levels are different . But 25 cans of an energy drink in one evening is an excessive amount . ”
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season .
Connor McDavid , Alex Ovechkin , Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team 's season opener . It 's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years , since the NHL 's first two games back in 1917 .
Ovechkin 's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of his career , most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time . Reigning MVP McDavid picked up his second already at age 20 .
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first , respectively , in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener . Saad 's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kanye West has had a series of explosive arguments with a concerned Kris Jenner , it 's been claimed .
This week the rapper cut off a number of people who have been part of his inner circle since his 2006 meltdown .
And it 's since been reported that the `` erratic '' 40-year-old has also rowed with his mum-in-law , who manages all of her children 's careers .
“ He 's had huge blow-ups with Kris . She sees how erratic he 's acting and is most concerned about her daughter 's brand .
`` She 's also trying to be a good mother-in-law , so he 's having explosive issues with her too , ” a source told PEOPLE .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Getty )
They added : “ Everyone is really , really worried . ”
However , a source close to the rapper said that not everyone is concerned about his behaviour , explaining that `` this is just Kanye '' .
They added to the publication : `` He 's always been like that . He stirs the pot . ”
The revelation comes after it was reported that the rapper had given his management team a dramatic all-or-nothing ultimatum .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
Kanye is said to have told his team they had to work with him full-time or not at all .
According to TMZ , the star was 'erratic ' when he gave his team , including his lawyers and manager Scooter Braun , the ultimatum .
But with a number of big stars under his management , including the likes of Ariana Grande , it 's said that Scooter told Kanye working full-time with him was n't an option .
( Image : Instagram )
Kanye , who once said he wants to be 'bigger than Apple ' , reportedly plans to do everything in-house when it comes to his music career .
The website says Kanye and Scooter are still on good terms and that they 'll continue to do business together in the future .
The site also reports that their sources were quick to point out that Kanye was n't having the sort of meltdown he had in November 2016 .
BEAUMONT , Texas — Zjori Bosha scored 18 points with 10 rebounds and two steals and Lamar clobbered Stephen F. Austin 76-54 on Saturday to break a 10-game losing streak to the Lumberjacks , dating back to 2012 .
Bosha drained a 3-pointer to put Lamar ahead 11-9 about five minutes in . The Cardinals ( 14-10 , 6-5 Southland Conference ) never trailed again and soon pushed the lead to double digits . Josh Nkeazor added 16 points , three steals and 11 boards . James Harrison and Nick Garth tossed in 13 and 11 points , respectively .
Stephen F. Austin got within nine points twice early in the second half . After the second time , Lamar took off on a 27-13 run and pushed the lead to 23 points . Bosha scored 10 in that span and Stephen F. Austin suffered six turnovers .
TJ Holyfield and Shannon Bogues each scored 12 points but the Lumberjacks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) were held to 37 per cent shooting ( 18 of 49 ) and were outrebounded 43-25 . Lamar had more rebounds off the defensive boards ( 27 ) than Stephen F. Austin had total .
The FBI 's case to the FISA ( the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ) Court was based almost entirely upon a partisan hit-job bought and paid for by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign . Christopher Steele , the source of the dossier , had `` financial and ideological motivations '' to undermine Donald Trump according to the Nunes memo . In fact , the FBI 's file records that Steele told Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr that `` he was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president . '' Ohr 's wife was one of just seven employees at FusionGPS , the firm that was paying Christopher Steele . The personal financial relationship between the Ohrs and the dossier was concealed from the court . The FBI could not corroborate the information in the Steele dossier , calling it only `` minimally corroborated '' but did not disclose this fact to the FISA Court thus leading it to believe that the information in the dossier was either FBI work-product or that it had been independently corroborated by the FBI . Neither was true . The FBI did not disclose that the source of the information which formed the basis of their FISA application was a paid political operative of the Clinton campaign and the DNC . The FBI and the Department of Justice intentionally misled the FISA court in their applications to obtain authority to spy on Trump campaign advisor Carter Page . They did this not once , but on four separate occasions over the course of a year , including after Donald Trump was in office . The misleading applications were signed off by James Comey ( three times ) , Andrew McCabe , Sally Yates , Dana Boente , and Rosenstein . This certainly casts the actions of each of them in a much different light . Recall that Yates was briefly the acting attorney general under Trump before the president fired her when she refused to defend the administration 's travel moratorium in court . At the time she was lionized in the media and claimed that she had to defend `` this institution 's solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right . '' Likewise , Rosenstein 's nearly yearlong failure to fulfill his legal obligation to produce a lawful charter as a predicate for the Mueller investigation which now appears , in context , to be nothing more than the continuation of the Democrat 's campaign against Trump using the FBI as willing collaborators . Comey lied to the president about the investigation while he was FBI director . FBI agent Peter Strozk and his mistress FBI attorney Lisa Page met with Deputy Director Andrew McCabe to discuss an `` insurance policy '' against Trump being elected president . We do n't yet know the names of all of those who attended the meeting . The texts between Peter Strozk and Lisa Page contain , `` extensive discussions about the investigation , orchestrating leaks to the media , and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an 'insurance policy ' against Trump 's election . '' The Nunes memo is just the beginning . There is more to come .
What role did Hillary Clinton play ? Was Attorney General Loretta Lynch involved with these efforts to surveil associates of the Trump campaign and , if so , to what extent ? We know that Susan Rice and Samantha Power were both involved in unmasking the names of U.S. citizens who were being targeted in this surveillance . Were they coordinating with elements within the FBI and/or the Justice Department ? Were they coordinating with the DNC and Clinton campaign to give Hillary an electoral advantage ? What did Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton really discuss during their tarmac meeting in Phoenix on June 27 , 2016 . Did Barack Obama know about and/or participate in a conspiracy to use the police and surveillance powers of the federal government to undermine Donald Trump and rig the presidential election ? Senator Ron Johnson ( R-Wis. ) wants to see Obama and Clinton 's emails . Who else was at the meeting attended by McCabe , Strozk , and Page where they discussed an `` insurance policy '' against Trump 's election ? How often did they meet , where did they meet , and what did they discuss ? Why could n't the FBI , which touts its forensic expertise , locate the Strozk-Page texts but the Inspector General did it in two days ? What is the `` insurance policy '' Strozk and Page discussed ? Is that a reference to the conspiracy itself ? To whom in the media did the FBI leak information about their Trump spying ? How long and how extensive was this disinformation campaign . What discussions took place among Justice Department resisters about refusing to obey Trump 's direction as president ?
The FISA Abuse Memo is out and now we know why the Democrats were desperate to keep its contents hidden from the public : it confirms the worst fears not just of President Trump 's supporters but of everyone concerned about the abuse of police power , government corruption , and the sanctity of our elections.The memo shows interference in the 2016 presidential election by hostile elements within a United States intelligence agency . It was n't the Russians we had to worry about-it was rogue actors at the highest levels of the FBI and Department of Justice . Left unanswered is to what extent the West Wing knew about or was complicit in this gross abuse of power.What we now know : What we do n't know yet : Among other things , it has become clear that Rod Rosenstein must resign . He was either complicit in the conspiracy to mislead the FISA Court or he was too dumb to see what was happening . Either way , he 's demonstrated criminality , incompetence , or both and needs to go.Based on what we know now , the conspiracy to undermine candidate Trump and later to destroy President Trump may have been limited to the Justice Department and FBI . That would be bad enough - and a serious threat to representative government striking , as it does , at the efficacy of our elections - but it may also have extended to the West Wing where U.N . Ambassador Samantha Power and National Security Adviser Susan Rice , at a minimum , used `` national security '' as a rationale to insert themselves into the election . This must also be the subject of investigation . And what of Ben Rhodes and his vaunted media echo chamber ? It seems to have played a role as well.Nearly 50 years ago , the Watergate scandal forced a president from office . The Left thought it could do it again . But the Nunes memo - and the millions of documents and hundreds of hours of interviews behind it - makes clear that rogue elements within the FBI and Justice Department broke the law in an attempt to use the police power of the United States government first to throw the election to Hillary Clinton and then to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump.This can not stand . There must be consequences . And they must be swift , public , and severe.Chris is the Publisher and Editor of American Greatness and the host of The Seth & Chris Show . He was a Publius Fellow at the Claremont Institute . and received a Fellowship from the Earhart Foundation . Chris is a serial entrepreneur who has built and sold businesses in financial services and digital marketing . He is a frequent guest on NPR 's Morning Edition . His writing has appeared in The Washington Post , The Hill , and elsewhere . Connect with Chris on Twitter at @ TheChrisBuskirk
International Convention Center Jeju ( ICC Jeju )
As the fifth-largest stakeholder of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , South Korea is ramping up efforts on multiple fronts in a bid to contribute to the improvement of Asia 's infrastructure.As part of the efforts , Korea became the second country to host the 2017 annual meetings of the Beijing-led multicultural financial organization representing Asian nations on Jeju Island , outside of China for the first time , from Friday to Saturday this week.The relatively new AIIB held its first annual meetings last year in Beijing to mark its establishment . In 1 1/2 year since its foundation , the institution attracted a total of 77 members , exceeding 67 members of Asian Development Bank.As of May , the AIIB offered a total of $ 2.18 billion loans for 13 infrastructure projects across Asia.According to forecasts by ADB , new demand for constructing or improving infrastructure in Asia is estimated to be worth $ 1.3 trillion each year by 2030 . The total investments in infrastructure in the region stood at $ 881 billion in 2015 . Based on an assumption that the amount would be kept similar to the 2015 figure , about $ 459 billion is forecast to be a yearly shortfall.The Korean government believes one of the easiest ways to make a contribution to improving the quality of infrastructure across the Asian region is to expand its presence within the AIIB and make more room for Korean businesses with outstanding technologies to participate in infrastructure projects financed by the institution.To exert greater influence within the AIIB , the Ministry of Strategy and Finance is formulating a series of strategies to make a greater contribution to the multinational institution , said Choi Ji-young , director of international organization department at the ministry. “ The strategies will largely focus on increasing Korea 's participation in the AIIB meetings and programs proactively and build cooperative relations with member countries , ” Choi sad.The fourth-biggest Asian economy holds a 4.06 percent stake in AIIB worth about 4 trillion won ( $ 3.4 billion ) . It is too early to raise the stake in the organization , but if special requests are made , the Korean government would consider a larger stake in the long run , according to the director.Yoon Tae-sik , head of preparation team for the upcoming meetings agreed and said , “ Korea has already secured a significant say at the AIIB with the stake. “ We will provide opportunities for delegates of AIIB member countries and business from each country to meet Korean businesses at the event and help them establish effective business networks. ” According to a recent report by the Bank of Korea , Korean businesses will have a competitive edge over their peers from the other continents in securing project orders taking place in the region. “ Within the bloc , the scope of companies that can execute large infrastructure projects is limited to Korean players and a few others , due to deep knowledge about geographical features , ” the report said.AIIB members are paying attention to the capabilities of Korean companies after an announcement was made that Korea Water Resources Corporation will take part in construction of a $ 1 billion worth hydro power plant complex in Georgia , the first project financed by the AIIB for up to $ 87 million. “ In particular , Korean builders can take advantage of their abundant experience in various construction projects in Asia based on their long-held relations with local partners there , ” it pointed out.To give Korean business opportunities to participate in AIIB-financed projects , the Finance Ministry is also trying to send more Korean officials to the organization.Currently , Kim Yoon-kyung , director general of international financial cooperation is serving as a director at AIIB with five working-level officials.The Georgia project could be successfully financed by the AIIB owing to efforts of the Korean officials at the institution , who introduced K-Water 's technologies and capabilities to the Georgian government and related businesses there , the Finance Ministry said.State-run financial institutions -- Korea Development Bank , Export and Import Bank of Korea , Korea Trade Insurance Corporation -- are also preparing measures to set up effective measures to finance in order to support Korean firms to win overseas projects.KDB was the first public financier to co-fund the Georgia project with the AIIB . The Korean state-run bank was credited for convincing the AIIB about profitability of the hydro power plant project to get the fund. “ KDB plans to provide a so-called ‘ Korea Package ' support by the government , financial institutions and businesses to help pave ways for overseas expansion of Korean businesses , ” a bank official said.The public institutions are also planning to create funds also in cooperation with commercial banks to funnel ample amount of financial resources into Korean firms.By Song Su-hyun ( song @ heraldcorp.com )
Ruthless burglars smashed their way into a family 's home then threatened to hurt a newborn baby in a bid to uncover cash and valuables .
Police revealed the tactic was employed by just one of several unconnected groups of thieves who have stolen tens of thousands of pounds in jewellery in recent weeks .
During the same raid in Balsall Heath , Birmingham , on November 8 , knives were held to the throats of women in the home , although no one was seriously injured .
In another incident in the Small Heath area of the city , a gang armed with screwdrivers stole a male victim 's jewellery and sprayed his hands with cleaning fluid .
West Midlands Police has set up a dedicated task force in a bid to trace individuals behind 28 separate offences in recent weeks .
Groups of thieves have been targeting people in their own homes , punching some victims and in one case hitting another with a metal bar .
The spate of thefts is causing detectives `` real concern '' , with one arrest to date .
Warning householders to be on their guard , Detective Inspector Dave Keen said : `` The spate we have seen recently is a real concern for me and we are doing everything we can to identify the criminals responsible .
`` We 've got a dedicated taskforce which is working on this literally 24 hours a day . ''
He added : `` It 's also very important that residents do as much as possible to protect their property .
`` Asian traditions have always placed a strong emphasis on jewellery it plays an important role in many religious festivals as well as significant family occasions , with many items handed down through generations .
`` These are not just highly valuable possessions ; they are also of great sentimental worth and are a huge loss to their owners if such jewellery is taken .
`` We 're issuing a warning to people owning valuable gold jewellery and urging them to take simple steps to protect it .
`` We believe these criminals scope areas for homes that could be potential targets , I ask people to be aware of individuals or vehicles in their area acting suspiciously .
`` If you are in any doubt , call police . ''
PEORIA , Ill. — Reed Timmer made all six of his free throws in the final 66 seconds and matched his season high with 32 points to guide Drake to 78-68 victory over Bradley on Saturday night .
Timmer hit four 3-pointers and sank 12 of his 14 free throws to help the Bulldogs ( 13-12 , 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference ) hand the Braves ( 17-8 , 7-5 ) their first home loss of the season in conference play . Nick McGlynn had 14 points , Jalen Gibbs scored 10 and C.J . Rivers snared 10 rebounds for Drake . Timmer 's 32 points also marks his career high .
Darrell Brown scored 20 and added eight assists , for a fourth straight game , for Bradley . Donte Thomas had 16 points and 12 rebounds for his fourth double-double of the season and Elijah Childs picked up his third double-double with 10 points and 10 boards .
Drake led 36-33 at halftime , but the Braves pulled even on Brown 's 3-pointer on the first shot of the second half . Koch Bar 's layup put the Braves on top 50-48 midway through the second half , but two Noah Thomas free throws knotted the score and Timmer 's layup and a 3 from Graham Woodward put the Bulldogs up 55-50 with just under 11 minutes to play . Timmer scored the first five in a 9-2 run to put the game out of reach .
Have your say
Deeping Rangers manager Michael Goode is expecting a positive bounce back from his side in tonight 's top United Counties League Premier Division match ( August 15 , 7.45pm ) .
Deeping is at Yaxley FC for a game between two teams expected to challenge for the title .
Dan Smith on the ball for Peterborough Northern Star at Harborough . Photo : Chantelle McDonald . @ cmcdphotos
But Goode 's men received a jolt on Saturday ( August 12 ) when losing at early-season surprise package Wellingborough Whitworth .
“ We did n't play well on Saturday , ” Goode admitted . “ But if we beat Yaxley we wo n't be far away from the target we set ourselves for the first few matches .
“ We wo n't be panicking after one defeat . I 'm expecting a much better performance at Yaxley . ”
Deeping have three points from their first two matches . Yaxley drew 0-0 in their opening game of the season at Leicester Nirvana last weekend .
Zak Munton equalises for Peterborough Northern Star at Harborough from the penalty spot . Photo : Chantelle McDonald . @ cmcdphotos .
Wisbech Town are also in Premier Division action tonight at home to Sleaford .
Current top-flight leaders Holbeach United host Peterborough Northern Star tomorrow ( August 16 ) . Star drew 1-1 at Harborough at the weekend thanks to an equaliser from the penalty spot from summer signing Zak Munton .
Spalding United ( v Corby ) and Stamford AFC ( v Carlton ) play their first home games in Division One South of the Evo Stik Northern Premier League tonight .
Peterborough Sports are at Lincoln United tomorrow .
There are a couple of big Peterborough Premier Division matches tonight as leaders Moulton Harrox entertain unbeaten Leverington and title fancies Netherton United travel to Sawtry , a team who won 10-1 at the weekend to make it three wins in three matches .
FIXTURES
Tuesday , August 15
EVO-STIK LEAGUE
Division One South : Spalding v Corby Town , Stamford v Carlton Town .
CHROMASPORT & TROPHIES UNITED COUNTIES LEAGUE
Premier Division : Wisbech Town v Sleaford Town , Yaxley v Deeping Rangers .
CHROMASPORT & TROPHIES PETERBOROUGH LEAGUE
Premier Division : Ketton v Langtoft United , Moulton Harrox v Leverington Sports , Peterborough Sports Res v Warboys Town , Sawtry v Netherton United .
Wednesday August 16
EVO-STIK LEAGUE
Division One South : Lincoln United v Peterborough Sports .
CHROMASPORT & TROPHIES UNITED COUNTIES LEAGUE
Premier Division : Holbeach United v Peterborough Northern Star .
Division One : Pinchbeck United v Bourne Town .
CHROMASPORT & TROPHIES PETERBOROUGH LEAGUE
Premier Division : AFC Stanground Sports v ICA Sports , Deeping Rangers Res v Stamford Lions .
Division One : Crowland Town v Long Sutton Athletic , Kings Cliffe v Oundle Town , Oakham United Res v Stamford Belvedere , Peterborough Polonia v AFC Stanground Sports Res , Tydd St Mary v Moulton Harrox Res , Wittering Harriers v Uppingham Town .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Serena Williams runs along a beach in a multicoloured bodysuit in a new shoot for Harper 's Bazaar – just days after winning her first grand slam since giving birth .
Speaking about her body shape , Serena , 36 , describes herself as “ strong and muscular – and beautiful ” .
She adds : “ This is me , and this is my weapon and machine . ”
The tennis ace also spoke about her emotional struggles following the birth of her daughter , Olympia , in September , telling the magazine : “ Honestly , sometimes I think I still have to deal with it .
( Image : Courtesy of Harper 's Bazaar UK/Richard Phibbs )
“ I think people have to talk about it more because it 's almost like the fourth trimester , it 's part of the pregnancy .
“ I remember one day , I could n't find Olympia 's bottle and I got so upset I started crying ... because I wanted to be perfect for her . ”
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Courtesy of Harper 's Bazaar UK/Richard Phibbs )
Serena celebrated winning her first round match at the French Open championship this week .
The full interview appears in the July issue of Harper 's Bazaar UK , on sale 31 May .
A corner of the sports media world has been obsessed with the story that Mike Francesa is returning to do afternoon drive at WFAN . At this point in the day you 've either consumed every morsel of it or you 're really sick of everyone talking about it and just want to hear about the NBA playoffs and NFL Draft .
Anyways , Chris Russo devoted the second segment of his SiriusXM show ( yes , he made everyone wait for it ) today and had some pretty interesting thoughts :
Russo said he learned some lessons about when he knows it 's time to go he should bow out quickly instead of with a prolonged retirement . He also crushed WFAN management for doing a three-person afternoon drive show in New York in which Bart Scott knows nothing about baseball .
Related Sports Talk Radio Expert Jason Barrett Breaks Down the Situation With Mike Francesa and WFAN
Finally , Russo revealed that Chris Carlin was not happy when he and Francesa made a joke on MLB Network 's High Heat about how pretty soon nobody would be left at WFAN . In fact , Russo said , Carlin sent the two of them a text message that said , “ Blank my you know what . ”
“ You 're 45 years of age , let it roll off your back , ” Russo said of Carlin . “ That 's completely out of line . I do n't care . It did n't bother me … Mike did n't feel that way . ”
This is obviously different from the public high road Carlin and his co-hosts took to open their show this afternoon .
Top Stories : Nobel Peace Prize ; Las Vegas Shooter 's Motive Still Unknown
Good morning , here are our early stories :
— International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize .
— Las Vegas Shooter 's Life Comes Into Focus , But Not His Motive .
— Speaking Freely , Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP He Could Oppose Tax Plan .
And here are more early headlines :
Trump 's Cryptic Reference To `` Calm Before The Storm '' . ( NBC )
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane . ( NHC )
U.K. Leader Says She Has Support After Speech With Mishaps . ( BBC )
Questions About Catalonia 's Independence Effort . ( New York Times )
Announcing The 2018 Tiny Desk Contest Winner
YouTube
Nearly 5,000 entries from all 50 states and we had to pick just one ! The competition rose to a new level this year and the decision was harder than ever . Our judges looked at a vast array of music from every genre — and lots of music that could n't be categorized . The creative community these days is bursting , and the diversity of sounds and people who sent us entries made for many magical `` wow '' moments .
So , when it came time to pick a winner , we have to admit : It was tough . We debated , deliberated , championed and celebrated the entries that impressed us . In the end , it was a soft-spoken , soulful guitarist who captured our hearts . We 're proud to announce this year 's Tiny Desk Contest winner is Naia Izumi !
Naia is a 34-year-old musician from Georgia who regularly busks on the streets of Los Angeles , where he now lives . He impressed the judges with his intricate , complex guitar playing and his sweet , emotive voice . The video he submitted for `` Soft Spoken , '' recorded in the home studio he has built in his garage , showcases the incredible skillfulness and gentle spirit he brings to his music .
Talia Schlanger , host of WXPN 's World Cafe , said it this way : `` The fact that Naia Izumi 's solo performance captivated the judging panel , out of a sea of big bands and flashy videos , says something powerful about what a singular talent we have on our hands . Naia 's remarkable creativity on the guitar , solid songwriting and gentle yet powerful charisma make me proud to root for him as our winner ! ''
Gaby Moreno , another of our Tiny Desk Contest judges , agrees , calling Naia an `` undeniable talent . ''
`` I was captivated by Naia 's soulful voice , and the way he takes the unique approach to his virtuosic level of talent on guitar , '' she says .
In the fourth year of the Contest , we were simply overwhelmed by the energy , spirit and enthusiasm artists brought to their entry videos . And though there 's only one winner , what makes this Contest special is the way it gathers a community of artists , fans and friends together around a shared love of music . We 're so grateful to everyone who shared a song , a story or a moment with us .
The story of this year 's Tiny Desk Contest does n't end now that we 've picked a winner , of course . Next , Naia will come to Washington , D.C. to play his very own Tiny Desk concert . Then , we 'll head out on the road with Lagunitas Brewing Company for a national tour featuring Naia and local Contest entrants we loved . Stay tuned for dates and more information . We 're looking forward to seeing you in person . I 'll be spending some time celebrating the newest member of the Tiny Desk Contest family , and getting lost down the rabbit hole of all sorts of amazing entries to this year 's Contest . I hope this Contest has brought you the joy of discovery like it has done for me .
Hedland parents are being encouraged never to close the book on children 's bedtime stories in a new initiative being rolled out in public schools .
Never Stop Reading ! ambassador Sarah McGowan visited South Hedland Library last week to launch the initiative and talk with children and parents about the importance of reading .
Mrs McGowan , a primary school teacher and mother of three , said reading aloud was vital for children .
“ I am very pleased and excited to be the ambassador of Never Stop Reading ! , ” she said .
“ As a school teacher , reading is something I do every day and it is wonderful to have the opportunity to share some of the benefits of reading with many more children and their families across WA through this new initiative . ”
The initiative began after research showed parents were giving up on daily reading too early . Curtin University literacy researcher Dr Margaret Merga interviewed children from Years 4-6 for the study and said more than half did not have anyone reading to them at home .
“ Research strongly suggests that reading aloud regularly has a significant and positive effect on children 's language , phonological awareness , print concepts , comprehension and vocabulary outcomes , as well as noteworthy psychological benefits , ” she said
HOLYOKE -- - Police are seeking the public 's help as they investigate the assault of a 16-year-old female Holyoke High School student Thursday morning .
The assault occurred about 8 a.m. as the female passed between the high school and Peck Full Service Community School in an area known as `` the dingle , '' according to a release put out by Lt. James Albert .
She was approached and physically assaulted by a dark-skinned male , skinny , with a scruffy beard and wearing a dark T-shirt and gray sweatpants .
The student was able to break away from the male and run into the high school where she reported the incident to staff . She was not injured .
Albert said `` out of an abundance of caution , '' Peck School was placed in `` shelter-in-place '' status for a short period of time but no other schools were affected .
No Holyoke schools were placed in `` lockdown '' status , he said .
Shelter-in-place means that the students are not allowed to leave the school , Albert said . Others , however , may come and go as needed .
A lockdown is a higher level of alert in which the school is completely secured , with doors that are locked and monitored .
Detectives have located various surveillance videos which are being reviewed and they have developed several leads . The police and school department are working together in this investigation which is ongoing .
Those with information are asked to call the Holyoke Police Criminal Investigations Bureau at 413-322-6940 .
The Donald Trump administration is said to be considering wide-ranging tariffs on everything from consumer electronics to shoes and clothing made in China . Photo : Reuters
Washington : US companies from Walmart Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. are warning President Donald Trump that any sweeping trade action against China could raise consumer prices , increase costs for businesses and hurt stock prices .
Broad-based tariffs on Chinese goods would “ trigger a chain reaction of negative consequences for the US economy , ” a coalition of more than 40 business groups led by the Information Technology Industry Council said Sunday in a letter to the president . The coalition includes groups representing retailers and makers of everything from toys to wine , while the council represents companies including Amazon , Alphabet Inc. 's Google , Facebook Inc. and Microsoft Corp .
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is leading an investigation into China 's treatment of American intellectual property , and is expected in the coming weeks to hand over its recommendations to address any unfair practices to President Donald Trump . The administration is said to be considering wide-ranging tariffs on everything from consumer electronics to shoes and clothing made in China , according to people familiar with the matter . The administration is said to be considering targeting at least $ 30 billion of Chinese imports .
After Bloomberg News earlier this month reported the options being considered , Trump tweeted that “ the US is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft . We can not allow this to happen as it has for many years ! ”
Amid the warnings from business leaders , the Washington Post reported on Monday afternoon that Trump had instructed his staff to double the $ 30 billion in annual tariffs they had proposed on Chinese products . The report , which cited unnamed administration officials , added that a final decision had not been made and that the president could still change his mind .
Electronics , clothing
Tariffs on electronics , clothing and other products would raise prices for consumers and businesses , negating gains from the tax cuts passed by Congress late last year , the business coalition said . Such measures could also hurt US companies that sell components of products exported from China , as well as raising input costs for American manufacturers , the coalition said .
“ The administration is right to focus on the negative economic impact of China 's industrial policies and unfair trade practices , but the US Chamber would strongly disagree with a decision to impose sweeping tariffs , ” US Chamber of Commerce chief executive officer Thomas Donohue said in a statement . “ Simply put , tariffs are damaging taxes on American consumers . ”
Slapping tariffs on imports of information and communications technology products from China would reduce US investment in innovation and lower productivity growth , according to a report by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation . Tariffs of 10 % would reduce US output by $ 163 billion over the next decade , while a 25 % penalty would curb output by $ 332 billion over the same period , according to the foundation .
“ I 'm glad they think it 's a big problem , because we 've been saying this for years , ” Robert Atkinson , president of the ITIF , said of USTR 's focus on China 's alleged disregard for US IP . “ With the tariff approach , I worry that the Chinese could effectively retaliate , for example by going after some key US exports to China , like aviation . ”
USTR has argued that China uses a range of practices to force companies to transfer IP , and Chinese entities engage in widespread theft of US trade secrets , as it seeks to become a leader in advanced manufacturing and artificial intelligence . US businesses in China have long complained about being forced to hand over technology as the price of gaining access to the market . Bloomberg
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Beyoncé is a singular person , both in talent and in style . So it 's no wonder that last night she arrived to the Tidal x 1017 concert in Brooklyn with the extremely limited-edition money clutch by Alexander Wang . There are only 20 in existence , and naturally Queen Bey has one .
The bag was designed in collaboration with Judith Leiber , who is known for small , crystal encrusted bags often in fun renditions . Wang , who personally signed the interiors of each , added in a bit of edge in the silhouette—a fat stack of cash . The clutch retails for $ 4,995 , and is already sold out ( congrats to the lucky 19 of you who had the funds and the quick shopping skills to nab one ) .
Alexander Wang
But lest we get lost in the retail plot , it is worth mentioning the Tidal event was in support of victims of hurricanes Harvey and Irma , the former of which deeply affected the singer 's home state of Texas . Last month she and her family went to help the victims , and the concert last night shows her continuing efforts to support those in need .
If Bey wants to get glammed up for charity , we support it .
New Telltale IP may be built for streaming services Acclaimed studio may also develop something for VR , but warns it has more immediate projects
James Batchelor UK Editor Thursday 15th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Telltale Games
Telltale has confirmed it is still working on a new IP , and hints that it might come to platforms the developer has not previously dabbled in .
In an interview with Gamespot , head of communications Job Stauffer promised that the studio known for episodic adventures based on films and TV series does still intend to produce a non-licensed outing . But it might not take the same format as Telltale 's current catalogue .
`` I think the landscape of what 's possible in digital interactive media , particularly the streaming environment , and quite frankly the VR space , is very exciting , '' he said .
`` And while there is nothing to announce right now , I think you can look forward [ to a Telltale new IP ] further on in the future . Yes , it 's still something we very much have in our minds . ''
It goes without saying that virtual reality would be an interesting direction for Telltale , particularly given that the studio 's games are primarily third-person and switch between multiple perspectives - something which could be jarring for VR players .
However , it 's the mention of streaming that piques our interest . At the risk of speculating , streaming platforms have been finding new ways for developers to introduce interactivity for viewers into their games - and Telltale 's titles could be a smart fit .
Leading service Twitch has close ties with the team behind the Lumberyard engine - with both firms owned by Amazon - with tools like ChatPlay enabling games where livestream audiences can spawn power-ups or trigger changes in the game environment . Microsoft has promised similar interactivity from its new streaming service Mixer . With Telltale 's titles , this could translate to audiences working through an adventure co-operatively .
Meanwhile , Sony announced its new PlayLink range earlier this week : PS4 titles that require smartphone input and are designed to be played in groups . Supermassive Games is currently building a crime thriller Hidden Agenda , which will see multiple players voting on the action the characters should take next - something that would also translate well to Telltale 's particularly brand of choice-driven gameplay .
Notions such as this also bring to mind a partnership Telltale entered with film and TV production firm Lionsgate back in 2015 . The two firms announced they were working on a new IP that would be developed into both a video game and TV series , with CEO Kevin Bruner referring this as a new `` super show '' format .
At the time , Bruner told GamesIndustry.biz that Telltale 's new IP was `` probably the most ambitious thing the company has ever done . ''
It 's not clear whether the new IP Stauffer is referring to is the same project , but he warns that Telltale is unlikely to announce anything or give more details any time soon .
`` An original , new IP is definitely still in our future , '' he told GameSpot . `` It may not be as immediate as the next few things we have coming up . We have n't been able to say a lot about it in the last few years . ''
Telltale is currently working on a number of episodic adventure games including Guardians of the Galaxy and the second seasons of Minecraft : Story Mode and Game of Thrones . Rumours also persist of a James Bond adventure , entitled Solstice .
From : Bryan Burgess , Birch Drive , Willerby , Hull .
ENOCH Powell may have been many things to many men but I would not have expected him to be prescient when addressing Conservatives at a meeting in Rugeley , Staffs , 45 years ago .
In December 1972 , he stressed that the public hold power on the EEC when he urged the British people to face the Government with a “ continuous referendum ” on Common Market membership by asserting their attitude to EEC laws .
“ There can rarely have been a time when the electorate had so much power to shape events as they can have during the next two years , ” he said . Can you believe he was an anti-Marketeer and probably the first ‘ Brexiteer ' ?
From : Mrs PZ Frankland , Hull Road , Dunnington , York .
I FIND the remarks of the new Country Land and Business Association president patronising , high handed , and insulting . I have been a member for 53 years . Tim Breitmeyer says “ we wo n't have the luxury of carrying on as we are ” . What luxury ? The last five years proves this . Ask any bank manager and accountant , they paint a poor picture of our finances . Our outgoings have never been so high . We can not farm with our hands tied . Our incomings do not allow us to waste on chemicals etc . His statements are full of contradictions too . Does he think we are unaware of Brexit 's consequences ? What puzzles me is why did so many farmers voted “ out ” at the referendum ? I am very disappointed by his attitude .
From : Andrew Mercer , Guiseley .
LIKE the Northern Ireland peace process which required John Major , and then Tony Blair , to sign off each and every decision , the same is true of Brexit – only Theresa May is in a position to take decisions on behalf of the Government and the country .
It 's why she needs a strong number two to take charge of domestic policy , just as Winston Churchill relied upon Clement Attlee during the war . A Northern Powerhouse Minister in the Cabinet would give more focus to the social mobility agenda . If these things are obvious to onlookers , why is the Government so blind to common sense ?
From : Henry Cobden , Ilkley .
Leave were quick to accuse Theresa May of selling out to the EU over Brexit . Do n't they realise the PM has a duty to the whole country – and not just the 52 per cent who backed Leave . Mrs May is trying to secure what a majority of people want – a pragmatic deal . Give her a break .
Good afternoon and welcome to The Point !
Daily Point To the videotape Jay Jacobs ' blistering attack Monday morning on Republican-turned-Democrat George Maragos , who wants the Democratic Party 's nomination for Nassau County executive , is only the opening salvo , the county party chairman told The Point . Jacobs said there is “ evidence of who he is on videotape , ” a harsh tone from someone who stood behind Maragos at a news conference last fall when the Nassau County comptroller announced his change of party . The evidence is Maragos answering a question during a candidate forum Wednesday night about which presidential candidate he voted for in November . Maragos ' answer : He skipped over the top line of the ballot in November 's election . In an email blast to county Democrats , Jacobs essentially called Maragos a fraud . Dismissing Maragos ' claims that he has evolved from his anti-abortion , climate-change-denying , Obamacare-denouncing positions , Jacobs wrote , “ He has morphed opportunistically into what he needed to become to seek our nomination. ” The party has officially endorsed Legis . Laura Curran . State Assemb . Charles Lavine is also seeking the party 's nod . Jacobs is concerned that Maragos ' aggressive pitch to black and Latino voters — the comptroller says Democrats have ignored their issues — might gain traction with core primary voters . “ We 'll hit him on his record , ” Jacobs said . Maragos , who has bashed Jacobs and Curran on Twitter , does n't seem too intimidated . “ . . . He wanted a hand-picked unqualified PUPPET , ” Maragos tweeted at 10:20 a.m. Rita Ciolli
Talking Point NYPD commissioner gets political The Friday tweet from President Donald Trump 's @ POTUS account was n't surprising : The account said , “ Thank you & congratulations ” to a freshly minted NYPD officer whose father was a police sergeant killed on 9/11 . But NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill 's viral Twitter response a day later drew more attention for its subtle jab about the NYPD 's mission of diversity : “ her 473 fellow recruits hail from 43 countries , speak 27 languages. ” O'Neill has been judged less of a political operator than predecessor William Bratton , the guru of broken-windows policing who tended to make national headlines . O'Neill , by contrast , is a New York native who rose through the ranks . But in his first months as commissioner , he has often lent political cover to his boss , Mayor Bill de Blasio — first by quickly saying the department “ failed ” in the October death of a Bronx woman at the hands of police . Since Trump 's election , O'Neill has argued along with de Blasio against federal budget cuts . He has held de Blasio 's line about the NYPD 's limited cooperation with federal immigration authorities . And he has recently spoken out against a bill in Congress that would allow people permitted to carry concealed weapons in other states to do so in places like New York . O'Neill wrote on Twitter earlier this month that opposing the bill is “ common sense. ” But it 's also an example of political savvy and maneuvering . Mark Chiusano
Points to us We have winners Congratulations to Matt Davies and Michael Dobie , winners of National Headliner Awards ! Davies took first place in editorial cartooning for a portfolio of cartoons centering on the 2016 election . Dobie won second place in the editorial writing category for editorials on how public officials betray our trust , with a focus on corruption in Albany . Rita Ciolli
20 hottest football prospects to look out for in 2017 - Part 3 ( 10 - 6 )
Part three of the four-part series that highlights the hottest prospects that will emerge in 2017 .
by Ayaz Moez Ali Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017 , 13:42 IST
Can Gerson fulfil his potential at Roma ?
The aim of this article , part of a four-part series is to determine the top 20 prospects that are primed to either have a breakthrough 2017 and/or have a year that will determine their future . To do so , a few criteria have been considered . Firstly , there are no specific age criteria but all are young players .
Secondly , all the players that have already been in the limelight in the past or are already at a good level with their club with no transfer on the cards that will evolve their careers . Some of these players are – Leon Goretzka , Max Meyer , Bernardo Silva , Ante Coric , Youri Tielemans , Marko Pjaca and Piotr Zielinski . Following the list of the 20 hottest prospects to look out for in 2017 – Part 2 ( 15 – 11 ) , here 's the list from 10 to 6 .
# 10 Gerson
Normally when a Brazilian youngster gets snapped up by a big European club for a large sum , the world takes notice and watch YouTube clips to determine how skilful they are - especially in attack . For example , Gabriel Jesus and Gabriel Barbosa are just two of the recently transferred Brazilians and the entire world was abuzz with their transfer rumours .
Compared to the duo mentioned above , Gerson 's transfer from Fluminense to AS Roma for a sum of €16 million has somewhat gone under the radar .
If a conversation focuses on Brazilian defensive midfielders like Casemiro or Fernandinho , they are perceived to be doing just the defensive work . And if it 's an attacking player , he 's only attacking and has no defensive duties .
Gerson , however , falls under the category of neither . He 's a pure central midfielder who is excellent at both ends of the pitch .
A manager could expect Gerson to break down the opposition 's run of play and even attack the other end of the pitch . Box to box midfielders like Yaya Toure or Ander Herrera under Jose Mourinho usually has a favoured side of the pitch . Gerson , though , does not .
The left-footed midfielder was purchased by Roma from under the nose of FC Barcelona who had acquired first option on any sale of Gerson . But ever since his transfer to Roma , he has not had the minutes he might have expected to receive .
400 minutes in 11 games this season have not given him the stage to display his consistency . But the 19-year-old is in good company and in the current stage of his life , he should be and must be learning around players like Francesco Totti .
And with esteemed professionals like Radja Nainggolan , Kevin Strootman and Daniele De Rossi in front of him in the first team , his chances might be limited but will come gradually .
2017 can be a breakthrough year for Gerson primarily due to the possibility of receiving more chances if Nainggolan , who is being chased by Chelsea since half a year exits the club and the gradual decline of the club stalwart , De Rossi .
Russia is , of course , a politically charged issue for Trump , with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016 .
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia , including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news .
`` What we decided ... was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations , whether it 's cyberwar , whether it 's disinformation , assassination attempts , whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out , '' Johnson said .
`` Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters . We think there 's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity . ''
Freeland said she and her fellow ministers talked about `` democracy being under attack , and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies . ''
Sullivan did n't mention the Russia initiative in his summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin 's use disinformation , but he said the U.S. remains committed to the G7 's endeavour .
He called on Russia to be a `` constructive partner '' in Syria , where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad . He blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in the British town of Salisbury . And he called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region .
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary , including fighting terrorism `` but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that 's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7 . ''
Afterwards , a senior State Department official , speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter , added additional comment : `` The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries . This remains a priority . ''
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time , with Russia as the West 's main foe on that front .
She said all citizens in democratic countries , as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption . She said one of her fellow ministers `` pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring '' and do n't always lead to an interesting narrative .
`` Lurid conspiracy theories , on the other hand , are lurid , and exciting . Part of our job , I think , is a collective one of being aware of that fact . ''
Kim Kardashian , center , arrives with her attorney Shawn Chapman Holley at the security entrance of the White House in Washington , Wednesday , May 30 .
Pablo Martinez Monsivais , AP
Kim Kardashian West made waves at the White House Wednesday .
The reality TV star personally met with President Trump , who tweeted out a smiling photo with Kardashian West in the Oval Office .
`` Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , '' wrote the president .
Dressed in all black with bright yellow pumps , Kardashian West arrived at a security entrance with her lawyer , attorney Shawn Chapman Holley , late Wednesday afternoon .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
During the meeting , which was set to include senior advisor Jared Kushner , Kardashian West was expected to advocate for the release of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson , who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , nonviolent drug offense . She has shared her support of Johnson on social media , calling the sentencing `` so unfair '' on Twitter in October .
Kardashian West tweeted a birthday message for Johnson Wednesday .
`` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson , '' she wrote . `` Today is for you . ''
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
Johnson 's story went viral thanks in part to a Mic video interview that reached over 4.1 million views . A change.org petition asking President Trump to grant Johnson clemency has also almost reached it 's goal of 300,000 supporter signatures as of Wednesday .
Kardashian West , who cites Mic 's video as how she discovered Johnson , has also helped the case reach a wider audience .
Kushner has focused on prison reform since joining the administration . He was involved with the First Step Act , which plans to expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement . The act was approved by the House of Representatives earlier this month .
A pardon or commutation for Johnson is unlikely today , though the president has not made a decision .
Kardashian West supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race , but recently , her husband Kanye West has tweeted his support for Trump .
The rapper met with Trump in December 2016 during a visit to the Trump Tower in New York . Trump posed with West after their meeting , calling him a `` good man '' with whom he talked about `` life . ''
Kanye had previously declared his allegiance to Trump onstage the month prior .
'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' : The family through the years Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and her wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49 Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and her wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49
Contributing : Andrea Mandell
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The founder of South Korean retail giant Lotte Group is expected to lose his seat in the boardroom of a crucial affiliate in the conglomerate 's governance structure , media reports said Thursday .
The board of directors of Tokyo-based Lotte Holdings Co. is known to have decided not to propose the extension of Shin Kyuk-ho 's tenure as a board member for their meeting later this week , according to local media reports .
In this file photo taken March 20 , 2017 , Shin Kyuk-ho , founder of South Korea 's fifth-largest business group Lotte , arrives at a court in a wheelchair for questioning in Seoul . The trial began on the day for Shin and his family members who are accused of embezzlement and breach of trust . The conglomerate is also implicated in a graft scandal , suspected of giving bribes to former President Park Geun-hye 's close friend for business favors . ( Yonhap )
The company is at the top of Lotte 's Japanese affiliates via a cobweb-like ownership structure and holds 19 percent stake in Hotel Lotte Co. , a de facto holding firm of the group 's Korean units.If the board decides not to extend Shin 's term , the 94-year-old will likely be removed from his post following the shareholders meeting slated for later this month.Earlier this month , the country 's top court confirmed the designation of a nonprofit subsidiary of a law firm as the guardian of Shin , efficiently backing his second son and group Chairman Shin Dong-bin 's argument that his father lacks the mental capacity to make meaningful decisions.The petition seeking guardianship over Shin was filed in December 2015 by the group founder 's younger sister amid a bitter feud between his two sons over the managerial control of the group.While the elder son , Shin Dong-joo , claimed that the founder handpicked him as the successor for the retail group , Dong-bin insisted that his father was unable to make reasonable judgments due to mental health problems.The family feud virtually came to an end after the incumbent chairman won shareholder support in March last year to tighten his grip on the group.While Chairman Shin was caught up in the leadership battle , his whole family , including the founder , was put on trial on multiple corporate crime allegations . The conglomerate is also implicated in a graft scandal involving former President Park Geun-hye and her friend.The 94-year-old Shin has lost his board seats at Lotte 's key affiliates as his tenure ended . The only company where he works as director now is Lotte Aluminium , but the tenure is also slated to end in August unless it is extended . `` We do have a shareholder meeting scheduled , but the results can be confirmed only after all the procedures are completed , '' a Lotte official said . ( Yonhap )
Inez Thomas McCain , 88 , of Cleveland died peacefully on December 30 , 2016 , at North Sunflower Medical Center in Ruleville .
Family will receive friends for a celebration of Inez 's life on Wednesday , January 4 , 2017 , at the Cleveland First Baptist Church . Visitation begins at noon with services to follow at 2 p.m. Burial will take place at the New Cleveland Cemetery . Dr. Macklyn Hubble and Rev . Milton Burd will officiate the services .
Inez worked for the Department of the Navy during World War II and later became Bolivar County 's first Justice Court Clerk . She was a charter member of Cleveland 's VFW Auxiliary and served proudly in the American Legion Auxiliary at the local , state , and national levels . She loved her cats , cooked the best chicken dressing , and reveled in her family . She was patriotic and adventurous ; always kind and generous . Inez never met a stranger and greeted everyone with a smile . She was dearly loved and will be sorely missed .
Inez was preceded in death by her parents ; James Henry and Virginia Joseph Thomas , husband ; Joe Powell McCain and one son , Jackie .
Inez is survived by her three children , Mike ( Darlene ) , Joey , and Sweetie Bea ( Charles ) . Inez also has four grandchildren , Michael ( Jenifer ) , Stuart ( Chris ) , Lexie ( Katie ) , and Doug ; and four great-grandchildren , Ella , Cullen , Milo , and Clay .
Pallbearers will be Leroy Beamon , Dan Bell , Lance Johnson , Tom Steele , Rodney Lamb and Bill Havens .
Honorary pallbearers are Dr. Don Blackwood , Cecil Jennings , Bill Parks , Robert Kittrell , Bill Aycock , Paul Lindsey , Jason Geary , Dr. John Arnold , Frank Michael , Tommy Naron and Veterans , Sam Toliver , Mack Grimmett , Tommy Taylor , Wayne Vick , Don Cabrol , Ottis Hill , Sam Byrd .
Memorials may be made to the American Legion Auxiliary P O Box 1382 Jackson , MS 39215
Cleveland Funeral home is charge of arrangements . The on-line guest register may be signed at www.clevelandfuneralhome.net .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If there 's one thing we 've all established in 2017 , it 's that Bristol loves a burger .
Before the start of this year , we already had a pretty booming burger scene , but this year it has fully exploded , and we are not complaining .
As well as the independent heavyweights that have been firm favourites in the city for years , we 've seen some incredible new places open and they really have all brought their A Game .
So , we thought it was time we decided once and for all where to find Bristol 's absolute best burger , and if there 's one man qualified for the job , it 's Bristol Post food critic Mark Taylor .
Without further ado , here is a rundown of the best burgers you can find in our fair city…
10 . SQUEEZED
( Image : Natalie Brereton )
Its mights be tiny , but Squeezed certainly packs a big bunch when it comes to its patties . Messy , delicious and full of flavour , Squeezed certainly knows how to pull in the crowds . Its St Werghburger has become the stuff of legend on Bristol 's burger scene .
Where is it ? Cargo 2 , Wapping Wharf , Bristol , BS1 4RW . www.spuntino.co.uk
10 . GRILLSTOCK SMOKEHOUSE
Best known for the barbecue and music festival it hosts in Harbourside every summer , Grillstock serves a range of smoked BBQ meat and ribs , but also half a dozen excellent burgers , including the Smokestack burger ( 5oz beef burger topped with pulled pork , melted cheese , house pickles and juke sauce ) .
Where is it ? 41 Triangle West , Clifton , BS8 1ER . Tel : 0117 927 3200 , www.grillstock.co.uk
9 . ATOMIC BURGER
( Image : Dan Regan )
This retro-themed restaurant serves hot dogs and burgers , as well as milkshakes and craft ales . Often named after films or icons , you could order The Dead Elvis ( topped with USA cheese , Swiss cheese , fried onions and bacon ) or go for The Johnny B Bad with its USA cheese , BBQ onions , hash brown , Cajun bacon and buffalo sauce .
Where is it ? 189 Gloucester Rd , BS7 8BG Tel : 0117 942 8600 and 63 Union Street , Broadmead , BS1 2DU . Tel : 0117 316 9666 , www.atomicburger.co.uk
8 . THE HOBGOBLIN
Popular with students , The Hobgoblin has gained a reputation for its hearty burgers such as The Squealer but also its spicy fries loaded with smoked BBQ pulled pork , blue cheese and Cheddar cheese , which are regarded by some as the ‘ dirtiest fries in Bristol ' .
Where is it ? 69-71 Gloucester Road , BS7 8AS , Tel : 0117 330 2997
7 . THE BURGER JOINT
( Image : Dan Regan )
Opened in 2009 by Bristol University graduate Dan Bekhradnia , Burger Joint offers beef and lamb burgers as well as two vegetarian options , which can be teamed up with more than 20 different toppings and sources . The popular Welsh lamb and mint is one way to go .
Where is it ? : 83 Whiteladies Road , BS8 2NT . Tel : 0117 329 0887 . Also at 240 North Street , Southville ( tel : 0117 329 2790 ) and 773 Fishponds Road ( tel : 0117 9657690 )
www.theburgerjoint.co.uk
6 . HUBBOX
This Cornish business offers 18 different burgers - beef , chicken , veggie or fish - ranging from the ‘ classic beef ' to the double bacon cheese burger comprising two 6oz beef patties , Warren 's smoked bacon , American cheese , shredded lettuce and BBQ sauce .
Where is it ? Hubbox , 113 Whiteladies Road , Bristol , BS8 2PB . www.hubbox.co.uk
5 . BURGER THEORY
A very new kid on the block in terms of having its own restaurant , but Burger Theory has been serving patties to the city for years at festivals and at pop-ups in restaurants , and has built up a huge following . As well as classic beef patties , they have a host of signature patties and five vegetarian burgers on offer , and they even offer a slider and craft beer flight .
Where is it ? Burger Theory , 37-38 St Stephen 's St , Bristol BS1 1JX . Tel : 0117 929 7818 www.burgertheory.co.uk
4 . THREE BROTHERS
( Image : A.Pattenden )
They sell hot dogs , sticky chicken wings , shakes , floats , sundaes and craft beer , but this semi-floating venue , formerly known as Spyglass , has made its name on a range of award-winning burgers such as the buttermilk chicken burger and the Triple Bro .
Where is it ? Welsh Back , Harbourside , BS1 4SB . Tel : 0117 927 7050 , www . threebrothersburgers.co.uk
3 . OOWEE DINER
This former kebab joint has been transformed into an American-style diner by Charlie Watson and Verity Foss and they are knocking out some of the juiciest , dirtiest burgers in town . There are seven types of burger , from The Single ( beef patty and cheese with pickles , mustard and relish ) to The Big Cheese ( double beef patty , Swiss , Jack and American cheese , pickles and baconnaise ) - served with a dozen different types of dirty fries .
Where is it ? 54a Picton Street , Montpelier , Bristol , BS6 5QA .
2 . CHOMP
What started out as a mobile burger van in a converted horse box is now the first permanent site for Jake Black 's popular Chomp brand . Locally sourced beef gets star billing in burgers , which start at £11 for The House Classic with fries and slaw . Vegetarians get their own meat-free alternatives such as The Bloody Veggie burger . Wash them down with one of the craft beers or bourbons .
Where is it ? : 10 St Nicholas St , BS1 1UQ . Tel : 07872 354375 , www.chompgrill.co.uk
1 . ASADO
Currently serving the best in Bristol , according to some of the city 's burger buffs , Asado serves just four burgers - two using dry-aged organic Devon beef , one chicken and one vegetarian . Try the beefy El Don topped with Cheddar cheese , pancetta , BBQ onions , confit garlic mayo , lettuce and tomato .
Where is it ? 90 Colston Street , Bristol , BS1 5BB . Tel : 0117 927 9276. www . asadobristol.com
You may also like - The history of the burger
POLICE have come up with a sketch of one of four armed persons who allegedly arrived in Cordova , following the clash between government forces and suspected Abu Sayyaf members in Inabanga , Bohol last week .
Cebu Provincial Police Office Director Eric Noble said they are not yet releasing the sketch to the public , as they are still investigating the matter .
He will give the sketch to the intelligence unit to check if it matches one of the eight fugitives , whose pictures had been released .
Noble had deployed a team to Nalusuan Island off Mactan , which is near the eastern part of Bohol , before reports about armed men circulated .
The police official , however , urged the public not to believe reports about the armed men circulating on social media , saying these are not verified .
“ Sa ating mga kababayan sa Cebu , huwag kayong mabahala , continue doing things , huwag kayong magpa-disturbo sa mga threat na ito ( Continue with what your doing , do n't let these reports disturb your routine ) , ” Noble said .
He ordered police station chiefs to monitor coastal barangays in their jurisdictions . Cebu 's 44 municipalities and six component cities all have barangays on the coast .
Police Regional Office 7 Director Noli Taliño had said there are no armed men in Cebu .
Taliño and Noble , though , have asked the public to report any suspicious-looking individuals in their community .
The manhunt is still ongoing for the eight suspected Abu Sayyaf members who survived last Tuesday 's encounter .
A military source , who asked not to be named , said their troops are still going after them , with Joselito Melloria as a priority .
The Abu Sayyafs reportedly moved through the town 's dense forest at night and hid during the day .
In a related development , the South Korean consulate in Cebu has issued a temporary travel advisory to its citizens , recommending that they cancel or postpone any travel plans to Bohol until April 23 .
It said its citizens should refrain from visiting the neighboring province unless it 's of utmost importance .
The Korean population in Cebu is estimated to reach 25,000 with thousands more coming during Korean 's summer season .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CARROLL State Rep. Kevin Haggerty * * Use this Image * *
State Rep. Kevin Haggerty 's days of skipping votes in Harrisburg without consequences could soon end .
Using a rare tactic , Rep. Mike Carroll , D-118 , Avoca , objected Monday to listing Haggerty 's chronic absence as excused .
If Haggerty does n't appear for votes and Carroll or another legislator objects to his absence on four more consecutive legislative voting days , the House could find Haggerty in contempt , according to House rules .
Though the rules do n't prescribe a specific penalty for a contempt finding for chronic absenteeism , one part of House rules says a member who is present and refusing to vote could lose member “ privileges ” until he or she starts to vote , according to House rules , which do not define “ privileges. ” In an email , House Democratic spokesman Bill Patton said he could not speculate on how the House might penalize someone found in contempt .
“ It ( declaring a member in contempt ) has never been done in the House as far as we know . We are trying to determine the steps , ” House Republican spokesman Steve Miskin said in an email .
Attempts to reach Haggerty , a Dunmore resident who represents to the 112th House district , were unsuccessful .
“ Since July 22 , the people of the 112th district have not had a voice or a vote in Harrisburg , ” Carroll said in a statement . “ While I understand family responsibilities are of utmost concern , an absence from representing over 60,000 people for nearly five months has serious consequences for our region and state . I 'm hopeful today 's action will result in careful examination of next steps for Rep. Haggerty . ”
The base legislative salary is $ 87,180.27 a year through next Nov. 30 .
Haggerty last voted on July 22 . The House did not meet in August . It reconvened Sept. 11 , and Haggerty missed every session day since , more than 200 votes in all . At Haggerty 's request , the House granted him excused leave each day he missed — an automatic approval that does not require a lawmaker to explain the absence . No one objected until Carroll did .
House Speaker Mike Turzai , an Allegheny County Republican , agreed the leave would no longer be excused , Patton said .
Haggerty has defended his absence by saying he needs to stay near his two young children because they are struggling with his and his wife 's divorce .
The earliest the House could seek a contempt citation is January . Haggerty would have to miss a total of five consecutive legislative session days before anything could happen , according to the House absenteeism rule . The House is scheduled to meet today and possibly Wednesday , and then not again until next month .
If Haggerty misses five consecutive legislative days and Carroll or someone else successfully objects each time , it would take at least five House members to move to have the Household Haggerty in contempt . The full House would have to vote on a contempt citation .
“ I 'm hoping it does n't come to that , ” Carroll said in a telephone interview from Harrisburg . “ I 'm hoping this exercise will result in him finding a way to get down here . ”
Carroll , who also represents part of Lackawanna County , said Haggerty 's absence matters less on final passages of bills , noting Republicans ' 31-vote majority , but could make a difference as the House votes on bill amendments . The success or failure of amendments sometimes comes down to one or two votes , he said .
Many people encounter family problems , but five months is more than enough time to square them away and carry out legislative duties , Carroll said .
Carroll said he did not consult with House leaders about his objection , but did let them know he planned to do it .
“ I did n't seek permission to do this , ” he said .
Contact the writer : bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9147 ; @ BorysBlogTT on Twitter .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of emergency bed spaces will be made available this weekend as temperatures fall below freezing .
The Severe Weather Emergency Protocol ( SWEP ) has been activated by the homelessness charities and council as temperatures fall to freezing on Sunday night , February 4 .
And with negative-degree weather forecasted by the Met Office for Monday and Tuesday night as well , the protocol will see night shelters open up more beds for rough sleepers in Bristol .
More than 100 extra bed spaces will be available from Sunday night when the cold weather hits . Volunteers and staff will be working over this weekend to prepare the extra provision .
A statement from the Julian Trust , which runs one of the night shelters , read : “ Severe Weather Emergency Protocol activated from Sunday night in Bristol .
“ It is likely that we will have a longer period of cold weather beginning on Sunday night .
“ The Compass Centre will be open from 3pm until 6pm on Sunday for rough sleepers to attend and be allocated placements .
“ If you are concerned about a person rough sleeping please direct them to the Compass Centre on Sunday . ”
Crisis Centre Ministries , which runs the Wild Goose Café in Stapleton Road , added : “ The Met office are forecasting a spell of cold weather from this Sunday for more than three nights , so the Severe Weather EmergencyProtocol will be activated in Bristol .
“ Please direct rough sleepers on Sunday to the Compass Centre . ”
The SWEP is activated when there are three consecutive nights of extreme weather forecasted .
It will be coordinated from the Compass Centre in 1 Jamaica Street , Bristol , which is run by St Mungo 's .
Bristol City Council said priority for access to SWEP spaces will be decided by the Outreach team . People will be allocated bed spaces from the Compass Centre and advised on how to reach the hostel bed spaces .
The night shelters are run by St Mungo 's , The Julian Trust , Caring in Bristol and Crisis Centre Ministries , who are all part of the Rough Sleeping Partnership , set up by Bristol City Council .
Mayor Marvin Rees said : “ Homelessness remains one of the biggest problems we face in the city . It is a complex problem without a single , clear solution .
“ While these shelter beds provide a vital lifeline in the short term , we are working hard to get organisations across the city to come together to progress towards long term change .
“ With the cold weather setting in , it remains our priority to get people off the streets and find sustainable solutions and safe , supportive environments for some of the city 's most vulnerable people . ”
( Image : Dave Betts/ Freelance )
David Ingerslev , project manager at St Mungo 's and Rough Sleeping Partnership lead , said : “ It is free for people to stay at our night shelters but we rely heavily on fundraising and volunteers .
“ The donation stations are helping bring new support to the original # SOSBristol fundraising campaign .
“ It is vital we connect with people rough sleeping and offer them a safer life away from the streets . It is dangerous for anyone to be sleeping rough , dangerous to their physical and mental health . ”
How you can help
Streetlink
If you are concerned about someone who is rough sleeping ANYONE can make a street referral via Streetlink.org.uk giving the following information :
the rough sleeper 's name ( if known )
physical description
any distinguishing characteristics ( e.g . colour of distinctive clothing/possessions/sleeping bag or distinctive accent )
specific location where the person is sleeping
Time they were seen
Donations
Safer off the Streets ( # SOSBristol ) : The four charities that provide night shelters to support rough sleepers have come together to set up a single , online crowdfunding appeal that offers people the chance to donate a specific sum - £17 – to provide one bed for one night to a homeless person . https : //www.fundsurfer.com/project/bristol-rough-sleeping-partnership
Volunteering
None of our night shelters can operate without the dedication of volunteers , and in Bristol , helping the homeless by giving up a night a week or a night a month is the best way . You can contact the charities directly :
THE Danish palace has released a stunning new family portrait to celebrate Crown Prince Frederik 's 50th birthday .
The heir to the throne is pictured alongside his Australian-born wife Princess Mary and their four children inside their lavish palace Amalienborg in Copenhagen .
The family of six were colour-coordinated for the photos - Prince Frederik in a crisp white shirt and blue blazer , Princess Mary in a blue blouse , and the children all in similar colours .
We assume this colour-matching was intentional . Picture : Franne Voigt
The pictures were taken by Danish royal photographer Franne Voigt , and were released on the royal family 's official Instagram account .
The images were captioned : `` It is a pleasure for the Crown Prince couple to share a new picture of the whole family on the occasion of the Royal Highness Crown Prince 's 50th birthday . ''
Gone are the baby-faced princes and princesses we 've become used to seeing over the years - Prince Frederik and Princess Mary 's eldest child , Prince Christian , is now 12 , while Princess Isabella is 11 and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent are seven years old .
Prince Christian in Hobart in 2008 .
A very young Princess Isabella and her big brother Prince Christian celebrate Prince Frederik 's 40th birthday in 2008. Credit : AFP PHOTO/Scanpix Denmark/Keld Navntoft
Princess Isabella holds onto her mum during a photo call in Sydney back in 2008 .
Prince Christian and a very cute Prince Vincent are pictured during the 2012 Danish Royal family photo call . Picture : AFP PHOTO/Henning Bagger/Scanpix
Camera shy ? The twins in 2015 . Picture : Picture Media
Prince Vincent however , had a teary first day of school .
We 're honestly just here for Josephine 's facial expressions . Picture : Splash News
Earlier this week , Princess Mary brought her husband of 14 years to tears with her incredibly romantic speech at his birthday dinner .
`` You invited me into your world and the world of the Danes , after we had only known each other for a short time . And there were , indeed , many unsure steps when we started our common journey , side-by-side and separated at one and the same time , '' she said .
`` We dared to lose that part of our heart , which we allowed the other to hold in their hands .
`` It takes courage to dare , but without daring we lose what could have been . I am so happy that you swept me off my feet and that we dared to fall for each other - not for a moment , but for life . ''
Toronto police say a 26-year-old man who was fatally shot while walking to his car last week was the victim of a `` cowardly '' attack meant to strike fear in a west end community .
Det . Jason Shankaran says Nnamdi Ogba was walking toward his parked car in a Toronto Community Housing complex shortly after 11 p.m. Friday after visiting friends when two men approached him from behind and began shooting .
Police say the two men ran off into an SUV waiting nearby .
Shankaran says Ogba , who was pronounced dead at the scene , did not live in the complex and did not know his attackers .
He says police believe the assailants were looking to kill someone in the neighbourhood in order to seek some sort of vengeance in the community , but he did not elaborate what may have provoked such retaliation .
The community has seen its share of violence in the past , Shankaran says , adding that police believe the suspects came from another area of the city .
`` I know that the community of Scarlettwood Court has received its share of tragedy and also violence , '' Shankaran told reporters Monday . `` I believe those suspects may harbour some sort of animosity toward the neighbourhood ... and those residents who reside in it . ''
Nnamdi , an electrical engineer who was engaged , was `` an innocent man '' who had no criminal record or known gang affiliation , Shankaran said .
He said that while fears of safety in the community are justified , co-operation from residents will help investigators find those responsible for Ogba death .
`` Mr. Ogba did nothing to bring this upon himself . The evidence we have in front of us tells us that Mr. Ogba 's lifestyle , his activities , anything he did prior did not lead to this particular incident , '' he said , `` The only thing that led to his death was simply walking out of that building at that particular time and place . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mum and her young son are feared dead after reportedly being told to stay inside their Grenfell Tower flat as fire engulfed the building .
Zainab Dean , who lived on the 14th floor with her son Jeremiah , two , not been heard from since the blaze in the early hours of Wednesday morning .
When her brother Francis Dean , 47 , spoke with her on the phone , she said she had been told to remain in her flat .
Mr Dean said : “ My sister called me to say there was a fire in the tower .
“ I told her to leave by the stairs but she said she had been told to stay inside her flat . That was in the early hours of today and I 've not heard from her since . I fear the worst . ”
( Photo : Facebook )
He added a firefighter had borrowed his phone during the blaze to speak to Zainab .
Mr Dean said : “ He told her to keep calm and that they were coming to get her . He kept saying that to her again and again . But then he handed me the phone and said , ‘ Tell her you love her ' .
“ I knew then to fear the worst . The phone went dead and I could not talk to her . ”
( Photo : Facebook )
Three generations of the same family are feared to have died inside their flat during the horror blaze in west London .
The daughter of teaching assistant Nadia Choucair rang her best friend in the early hours and said : “ We 're not going to make it . I love you . ”
Hers was among a number of families unaccounted for tonight as relatives and friends frantically sought news of loved ones living in the tower .
Police said 12 people died in the inferno , but witnesses reported seeing “ many more ” bodies at the scene .
Nadia , her husband , their three daughters and the girls ' grandmother have all been missing since the fire .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One local , who gave her name as Hulya , 42 , said : “ It 's just awful , absolutely devastating . One of the daughters rang her friend saying they were n't going to make it and that she loved her . She 's about 13 . Nobody has been able to contact any of them since .
Doctor who treated Grenfell Tower fire victims reveals hidden home danger that could prove fatal in a blaze
“ There are three daughters . One is about two , [ another ] is at primary school , the other at secondary school . The mum is a teaching assistant at my children 's school , everybody loves her . ”
A family of seven living on the 18th floor were also missing . Amina Hassan , 48 , said the relatives had been trapped inside their flat .
( Photo : /Twitter )
She added bodies were gathered in an area behind her own flat , and claimed there were “ far more ” victims than police had confirmed .
Hana Wahabi , 39 , had lost contact with her brother Aziz El Wahabi , his wife Fouzia and their three children Nurhouda , Yassin and Mehdi .
She said : “ They live on the 21st floor . I rang him and the fire had not reached the top of the block at that point . He said he had been told to stay inside , stay in one room together and put towels under the door .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : Twitter )
“ I told him to leave . He said he was going to come . Then I called him and he said there was too much smoke .
“ The last time I saw him they were waving out the window . The last time I spoke to his wife , he was on the phone to the fire brigade . ”
Ahmed Chellat , 60 , was also desperately waiting for news of the El Wahabi family . He has not heard from his sister-in-law , brother-in-law or their three children since the blaze .
( Photo : Twitter )
'Lessons learned ? Obviously not ' : Dad whose daughter died in 2009 tower blaze says Grenfell tragedy brings back nightmare
Mr Chellat said : “ I was on the phone to her saying , ‘ get out ' . But she said they had been told to stick towels under the door , stay inside and wait to be rescued .
“ She said , ‘ Smoke is coming under the doors ' , then I got cut off . That is the last time I heard from her . ”
Locals feared a couple and three of their four children had perished in their flat on the top floor of the 24-storey building .
( Photo : Twitter )
Yasmin Bayoudi , 17 , said the surviving brother was injured escaping and had tried desperately to contact the rest of his family . She said : “ His whole family was on the top floor and nobody could get hold of them . His mum , dad , two brothers and sister . ”
Mum-of-two Ranya Ibrahim , who was trapped at the top of the tower , sent a friend a harrowing Snapchat message in the early hours as the fire spread .
The 30-year-old also wrote : “ Forgive me everyone . Goodbye . ”
( Photo : PA )
Her friend Maseen said : “ She lives on the top floor with her two children , who are just three and five . I received a Snapchat video from Ranya at 3am , just after the fire started . I have n't heard from her since . ”
Genet Shawo was yesterday searching for five-year-old son Isaac Paulos after they became separated .
The mum of two said : “ We were on the 18th floor . The smoke was so thick , we could n't see . A neighbour took Isaac 's hand and I had my other son Lucas ; he 's three .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Distraught mother searching for 12-year-old daughter after accidentally letting go of her hand while escaping down pitch black Grenfell Tower stairwell
“ We went downstairs , but when we got outside Isaac was n't there . I saw the neighbour and said , ‘ Where 's my son ? ' . He said he 'd left him . ”
Relatives were concerned about 12-year-old Jessica Urbano , who lived on the 20th floor with her mum and older sister . Aunt Sandra Ruiz said : “ She was with a group of people in the fire escape , in the fire stairs .
“ My sister-in-law was just coming back from work , as was my older niece . Jessica called her to say this has happened . She was a few minutes away That 's the last they heard of her . We 're desperately worried . ”
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Mariem Elgwahry , 27 , and her mother Eslah , 64 , who lived on the 19th floor , were feared to be victims , as were Khadija Saye , 24 , and mum Mary , who lived on the 20th floor .
Artist Khadija had posted a terrifying message on Facebook at 3am . She wrote : “ Please pray for me , there 's a fire in my council block . I ca n't leave the flat . Please pray for me and my mum. ” Tottenham MP David Lammy , a family friend , posted a plea for information .
More residents unaccounted for last night included Saber Neda , who lived in a top-floor flat . He stayed behind after urging wife Shakila , 45 , and son Farhad , 24 , to flee .
His nephew Rashad Naqshbandi , 24 , said Mr Neda stopped answering his phone at around 6am yesterday .
Mr Naqshbandi said : “ He lived with his wife and son , who are both in a coma because of smoke .
New Grenfell Tower cladding which 'may have helped fire spread ' was added to improve view from nearby luxury houses
“ I 've already lost a friend , Yasin , and his whole family . I know they 're dead because they barricaded themselves in. ” He added : “ People were all calm . The only way there were all calms is that they were told everything is under control . Then when the fire came they were screaming , ‘ help , help ' . ”
Ali Yawar Jafari , 82 , had been in a lift with his wife and daughter , but they were separated when he got out early .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Jafari 's son Hamid Jafari said : “ He was with my mother and sister in the lift . She said the lift stopped on the 10th floor and he said there was too much smoke and he could n't breathe , and he got out of the lift . Then the doors shut and it did n't stop again till the ground floor . ”
Another pensioner , 75-year-old Abdel Salam , is feared to be among the victims after he rang his sons and told them : “ I ca n't breathe . ”
Nura Jamal , who lived on the 23rd floor , is feared to have perished with her two sons , aged six and 11 . She rang a friend at 2am and said : “ Forgive me , the fire is here , I 'm dying. ” A friend said : “ I just hope she escaped . I 've cried , everyone has cried . This will devastate everyone in the local area . ”
'It 's my duty to help ' : Nurse ran towards burning tower block to help victims 'spitting out black tar '
Friends of Steven Pile , who lived on the 12th floor , were also concerned . Elvis Burke , 50 , said : “ He rescued his niece but he stayed to save his dogs and nobody 's heard from him . ”
Italian couple Gloria Trevisan and Marco Gottardi , both 27 , were also missing . The pair , from Venice , had only been in London for three months and Gloria was due to return to Italy today . They lived on the 23rd floor .
Marco 's father Giannino said he called his son when he heard about the fire . He said : “ He played down the incident , I think to reassure us .
“ At the last contact , he informed us that their apartment was flooded by smoke and that the situation was an emergency . Then nothing . We only hope for a miracle . ”
Others who had not been heard from last night included Sheila Smith , 84 , Raymond Bernard , 65 , Mo Tucco and Hesham El-Raaman , 57 .
The woman , 47 , was rushed to the hospital with at least one otherwise unspecified gunshot wound . Another resident was treated at the scene for a minor shooting-related injury .
BJP MP also announced a donation of additional Rs5 crore which will be raised through donations from corporate social responsibility funding . File photo : HT
New Delhi : In the aftermath of the Gorakhpur tragedy which led to the death of over 60 children at a state-run hospital , senior Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader Varun Gandhi urged parliamentarians to work for the development of rural areas on Monday .
Gandhi , who is a member of Parliament ( MP ) from Sultanpur , donated Rs 5 crore from his MPLAD ( Members of Parliament Local Area Development ) fund to build a model hospital paediatric wing in the Baba Raghav Das ( BRD ) Medical College where the incident occurred .
“ It is my hope that other MPs who represent a rural constituency , also initiate something similar in their respective areas , to ensure our children care and protection , ” he said in an open letter .
He has also announced a donation of additional Rs5 crore which will be raised through donations from corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) funding .
The incident is said to have happened due to alleged discontinuation of oxygen supply by a private contractor due to non-payment of dues . The ruling BJP government in the state has been drawing flak for the incident with the opposition attacking it for negligence .
Meanwhile Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath has sought a report from the state health department and the central government has also sent a team of doctors to Gorakhpur .
COLUMBUS , Ga. — The House of Heroes celebrated “ Show a Veteran Some Love Day ” on Valentine 's Day .
Elizabeth Henley 's husband served in the military before his death . Volunteer couples spent their Valentine 's Day painting and cleaning Henley 's home .
“ I appreciate them so much . I could hug each and every one of them . I mean , I just love the work they 're doing , ” says Henley .
If you would like to volunteer or are in need of aid from House of Heroes , you can contact them at 706-569-7011 .
World Cup 2018 : A combined XI of the best players from the round of 16
Kris K FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 51 // 04 Jul 2018 , 20:14 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Neymar or Paulinho ?
One of the best World Cup tournaments ever somehow continues to get even better . With the defending champions Germany eliminated in the group stage , 16 teams continued on their quest to inherit the tag of World Champions .
As we have witnessed so far in this tournament , no team was going to give away the opportunity to progress further without putting up a fight . This made for some cracking encounters in the World Cup round of 16 .
Goals in every game mean that the group stage game between France and Denmark continues to be the only goalless tie of the tournament . Only one encounter was decided by more than one goal , Brazil 's 2-0 win against Mexico . Three matches went the distance and were decided on penalties . There were some underdog victories as well with the biggest one being the elimination of 2010 champions Spain by hosts Russia .
Aforementioned Brazil and Russia made it through along with France , Uruguay , Croatia , Belgium , Sweden and England to set up some mouth-watering quarterfinal clashes . We look at the best individual performers in the first knockout round in a 4-3-3 formation :
Goalkeeper : Igor Akinfeev ( Russia )
The Russian captain produced a heroic performance and his country beat the odds to progress against the much-favoured Spaniards . His man-of-the-match performance included 2 magnificent saves in the penalty shootout denying Koke and Iago Aspas .
There was nothing the 32-year-old could do about the own goal that his side conceded . He saved whatever else Spain threw at him over the course of the game . He registered nine saves over 120 minutes though very few really troubled him as Spain spent the game passing the ball around to little effect . Akinfeev then upstaged his much-fancied opposite number David de Gea in the penalty shootout to see his team though .
Snooker superstar Ronnie O'Sullivan is fast becoming regarded as the greatest player of them all and we 're giving you the chance to see the best in action at 2018 's Ladbrokes World Grand Prix .
We have tickets to be won to the showpiece final and the semi-final .
The tournament - at Preston Guild Hall , from February 19 to 25 - brings together the best 32 players from the season .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your tickets for the 2018 Ladbrokes World Grand Prix - see www.worldsnooker.com/tickets .
Barry Hawkins won the title last year and the tournament also featured top stars including Judd Trump , John Higgins , Mark Selby and Ronnie O'Sullivan , who is celebrating fresh from his UK Championship win .
O'Sullivan , 42 , equalled Steve Davis ' tally of six UK titles and Stephen Hendry 's record of 18 victories in 'Triple Crown ' events - the UK and World Championships , and Masters .
The Rocket beat Shaun Murphy 10-5 in York to claim his third ranking title of the season , hitting three centuries to take his career total to 916 .
Now all eyes will be on who can lift the trophy at the next major event in the UK - the Ladbrokes World Grand Prix at Preston Guild Hall .
WIN FINAL AND SEMI-FINAL TICKETS TO LADBROKES WORLD GRAND PRIX
We have teamed up with World Snooker to give one lucky winner the chance to win two tickets to both sessions of the final on Sunday , February 25 , 2018 .
Judd Trump
Three runners-up will also get two tickets each to the semi-final on Saturday , February 24 , 2018 .
For a chance to win enter our free prize draw . Simply provide your name and contact details on our online entry form - CLICK HERE .
Or enter via Twitter by following @ GW1962 and retweeting any of his tweets containing the hashtag # JPcompLWGP18
Deadline is noon on Monday , January 8 , 2018 .
2017 World Grand Prix winner Barry Hawkins
Usual Johnston Press terms , conditions and marketing rules apply . Transport not included . Full details at www.johnstonpress.co.uk/competition .
SPRINGFIELD -- A 20-year-old Ludlow woman on Monday denied four counts of rape of a child under 16 years old .
At her Hampden Superior Court arraignment , Kendall Chase also denied a count of indecent assault and battery on a person 14 years old or older .
The same victim is identified in the child rape and indecent assault counts .
Chase also denied one count each of assault with a dangerous weapon ( motor vehicle ) , posing or exhibiting a child in the nude and criminal harassment .
She was released on her own recognizance but was ordered to stay away from the victim .
The sexual assaults happened between October 2015 and February 2017 in Ludlow , according to the indictments .
Pickle people , first , a story : once upon a time , some beautiful genius created the Birds Right Activist Twitter account . Long viewed as yet another account producing strange , silly social commentary that has become inextricable from the platform , in July 2015 , Birds Rights Activist slated its status as a body positive icon after tweeting , `` I have been working on my summer bod : it is the same as my regular body , but this time more popsackles in it . '' Also in that moment , the most underappreciated summer treat finally received much-deserved recognition , and this year it comes full circle with the existence of pickle freeze pops .
There are two kinds of people in the world : those who recoil at the mention of a pickle-flavored popsicle and those excited by the prospect of cooling down with one this summer . If you identify with the latter , you have to check out Van Holten 's Pickle Ice Freeze Pops , which are not only available on Amazon Prime , but available in BULK .
Parent company Van Holten says the pickle-ice pops are made of the same juice used to make the pickles they sell . The only difference is the additional electrolytes added for performance-enhancing and recovery purposes .
Pickle Freeze Pop 48-Pack , 19.99 , Amazon
Per the product description on Amazon , the popsicles are made of REAL pickle juice , not the fake stuff you find in other products . Plus , something many people do n't realize is pickle juice is actually a better for you than a typical popsicle . Pickle juice `` is known to be loaded with essential minerals and electrolytes like sodium , potassium , calcium and magnesium that your body needs to perform at its peak , '' the product description explains . This is the same reason some sports drinks have added sodium — for some athletes , it 's important for restoring electrolytes .
Plus , people dig the Pickle-Ice . More than half the reviews on Amazon 's page are five stars . One reviewer even swears they helped relieve her post-exercise leg cramps .
Much like how millennial pink is the trendiest hue currently , pickles are bar none the `` it '' flavor of the summer . Fast food drive-in chain Sonic made headlines earlier this year after announcing the addition of a pickle slush to its legendary lineup of icy drinks . Marla Yagoda of Food and Wine reported the inventive slush may actually appeal to pickle and non-pickle lovers alike . She described the flavor as `` Sweet and tangy , the bright brine compensates for the over-savoriness you might have been worried about . '' So , in hindsight , unless you really dig the vinegary punch of a pickle , you may want to opt for Sonic 's take over the Pickle-Ice .
For a boozy take on brine , snag a six-pack of Gordy 's Fine Brine . Where the Pickle-Ice and Sonic 's slush may be ideal snacks for people of all ages , Gordy 's Fine Brine was designed to be paired with one thing and one thing only : booze . The tangy mixer is an artisan take on the salt water pickles come packaged in , and according to the website , encompasses a `` perfect balance of salty , tangy , and sweet . ''
Gordy 's
Candy pickles are also available for order on the internet , because of course they are . Life-sized versions of the vinegary vegetable do , in fact come in gummy candy form . They 're available for a few dollars from Vat19 , and called `` good-sized gherkin [ s ] made of gummy . '' Rolls off the tongue , no ? The candies are approximately four inches in length and weigh four and a half ounces ( that is more than a quarter of a pound , for reference ) . Plus , they do n't taste like lime or apple or some other generic green flavor ; they taste like pickles . The description on Vat19 's website pegs the flavor as both `` deliciously fruity , '' and `` deliciously realistic , '' possessing a `` ... distinctly dill flavor mixed with the sugary sweetness of gummy . ''
Vat 19
So , pickle lovers , you have your pick of a lot of pickly products . If you 're going for something that truly possesses a pungent pickle flavor , though , stick with the Pickle-Ice . Its only downside is how the folks at Van Holten passed up the opportunity to call it a pickle-sicle ( or pickle-sackle , if you 're Birds Rights Activist ) .
( Photo courtesy of Naver Corp. ) ( Yonhap )
Naver Corp. , South Korea 's top Internet portal operator , said Monday that it has added updated images of the Dokdo islets in the East Sea to its online map service just ahead of the 72nd anniversary of the country 's liberation from Japan 's colonial rule.South Korea celebrates Liberation Day -- a major holiday to mark the anniversary of Korea 's independence from Japan 's 1910-45 colonial rule -- on Tuesday.The new photos include a lot of fascinating underwater imagery and views of the rocky outcroppings around the islets , Naver said . The photos were taken last month . `` The photos were added so that users can feel the real scenic view of Dokdo and realize the true meaning of Liberation Day one more time , '' said a Naver official , who asked not to be named.The islets have been the subject of a territorial dispute with Japan for years . Earlier , Tokyo announced the publication of its defense white paper for 2017 in which they claimed Dokdo is part of its territory . It marks the 13th straight year Japan has laid claim to the rocky islets lying between the neighbors in their annual defense paper . ( Yonhap )
If A School Becomes A Shelter In Puerto Rico , Where Do Students Learn ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
A jittery group of middle schoolers are about to start their first day of classes since September , when Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico and totally disrupted the island 's school system .
The vast majority of the island 's public schools — more than 98 percent — are open for at least part of the day , according to Puerto Rico 's Department of Education .
But a small number of schools in Puerto Rico are still not holding classes . Before today , that included the students of Liberata Iraldo . The middle school building they usually attend is being used as a shelter for people who lost their homes in the storm .
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Because of that , these students , dressed in their pale yellow and blue school uniforms , are about to start class at a nearby high school — Pedro Falu Orellano— in the Rio Grande , east of San Juan . The relocation has upset some parents , but the plan is moving ahead because it 's not clear where the people living in the shelter will go next .
The last several weeks have been tough , with so many kids stuck at home until now . Many students say they 've been bored , reading and playing . The area is still without power . It 's not clear why it took more than two months to determine a relocation plan .
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Eleven-year-old Angelisbeth Maldonado says she hopes there will never be another hurricane . `` I do n't like going to new schools and learning lost material will be difficult , '' she says .
Her family learned she would be starting school at this new location just the day before . It 's supposed to be temporary . Nearly 500 students are being relocated from the middle school .
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Less than a mile from the high school , mother Nadgie De Jesus is rallying with several dozen other parents , students and teachers in front of the middle school-turned-shelter . She 's frustrated that her daughter 's school is one of just three on the island still being used to house storm refugees . And she refuses to send her to the high school because she thinks it 's unsafe .
`` We need our school back , that 's why we 're here , '' she says . Her daughter , Kaylani , says she feels sad and misses her science and music classes . `` I want to see my school again , '' she says .
Puerto Rico 's Secretary of Education , Julia Keleher , says that they are trying to find solutions for schools across the island that have not yet been able to open .
Keleher says she 's not completely happy with the quality of education some students are receiving , `` but , '' she says `` schools are open and there is teaching and learning that 's happening . ''
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
At this new location , the middle and high school students will not overlap in hours , in order to avoid conflict , says regional director Sol Iris Ortiz Bruno .
`` After carefully analyzing all factors to be considered , like adequate space , reasonable distance and school security , it is clear that Pedro Falu [ high school ] is the best choice , '' Bruno said in a statement . `` Once all the refugees at the Liberata Hiraldo School are removed , both schools will return to regular operations . ''
Middle school teacher Noelanie Fuentes says she keeps hearing different dates about when the school will stop functioning as a shelter – the latest word is Dec. 15 . She worries where the people sheltering there will go next .
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
`` I do n't want them to be thrown out on the street with nowhere to go , '' Fuentes says . In addition to three shelters-turned-schools , there are currently about three dozen other shelters operating in Puerto Rico .
The shelter at Liberata Iraldo middle school is hosting nearly 50 people — many sleeping in the classrooms . Stephanie Garcia is one of them , sheltering with her husband and four-year-old son .
The family came here after floodwaters destroyed their home , she says , and looters made off with their remaining possessions . They lost their car , too – which meant her husband lost his job .
`` We have coped with living in these conditions , for the moment at least , '' she says . Their clothing dries on a line stretching across the classroom , where desks sit in a corner . They pushed several cots together to make a bed .
Garcia says that as a mother , she understands why parents want their middle school reopened . She says her family is happy to relocate – they just do n't have anywhere to go .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United 's stars were handed three days off as a reward for beating Tottenham to reach the FA Cup final .
Alexis Sanchez and Ander Herrera both found the net to complete a comeback victory at Wembley - and keep United in the hunt for a piece of silverware this season .
And to thank his players for their hard work , boss Jose Mourinho granted Sanchez , Herrera and the rest of the Red Devils aces , as originally reported by the Manchester Evening News .
It is believed some players headed out to trendy Shoreditch in east London on Saturday evening , while Mourinho returned to his house in Knightsbridge , kept from his Chelsea days .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
United had spent the majority of last week in the capital as they prepared for their semi-final .
The squad stayed in Chelsea for three nights and trained at Fulham 's Craven Cottage stadium after fulfilling their league fixture at Bournemouth on Wednesday night .
Matchwinner Herrera headed to Disneyland Paris with his partner and child after the game , while Jesse Lingard and Eric Bailly were among the United players who stayed in London . Victor Lindelof flew to Barcelona and Daley Blind returned to Amsterdam .
( Image : Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty Images )
`` The attitude was good , the players were good , '' Mourinho said at Wembley . `` They were focused , they were ready , helping each other , they were ready , confident to play , I was really happy and pleased . The answer was good .
`` The fact we stayed together for five days was good , we stayed away from Manchester , away from home , we stayed in London , we stayed together , we spend our time , we spoke .
`` I had a chance to feel them and I had the chance to speak with some individually , everything was really good , I think the weather helped too . Fulham was fantastic to provide for us , fantastic conditions for our training session .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` I think the players deserve and when you deserve , especially against a team like Spurs , I think is even more important ''
Mourinho 's fixed days off policy quickly endeared him to United players last season . The United manager 's predecessors Louis van Gaal , David Moyes and Sir Alex Ferguson all reserved the right to haul United players in for training if they had they suffered a defeat .
Mourinho 's rationale was the players were bound to take defeats badly and , by summoning them in for an unscheduled training session , he would exacerbate their domestic climate .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid and Barcelona are set to battle it out for Mo Salah in a £200million transfer war , according to reports .
The two Spanish giants are leading the chase for the Liverpool sensation , who is the top goalscorer in Europe 's top leagues this season .
The Sun report that both clubs are plotting a world record transfer move which would be hard for Liverpool to reject .
Anfield chiefs played hardball over Philippe Coutinho 's move to Barcelona and could do the same with Salah .
Salah has 37 goals in his 43 matches for club and country this season .
( Image : AFP )
Firmino opens up on Coutinho departure impact
Roberto Firmino has opened up on how Phillipe Coutinho 's January departure affected Liverpool .
The 25-year-old attacking midfielder moved to Barcelona as part of a stunning £142million deal .
Coutinho was Liverpool 's technically the best player and a creative member of the team , but since his switch the Reds have only lost three times in 12 games , scoring plenty along the way .
Firmino is enjoying his best goalscoring season in a Liverpool shirt while Mohamed Salah has found the back of the net an astonishing 36 times .
( Image : AFP )
When asked how Coutinho 's move affected Liverpool , Firmino told GOAL : `` We changed the way we played after his exit . Which team in the world would not like to have a player of the quality of Coutinho ?
`` But he continued his life at Barcelona and Liverpool remained strong , as we always were .
`` I just worry about playing well and helping Liverpool go as far as possible in the Premier League . ''
Lovren and Keita out of internationals
( Image : REUTERS )
Dejan Lovren and Naby Keita have been forced to drop out of their international call-ups through injury .
Liverpool centre back Lovren has withdrawn from Croatia 's trip to the USA as they face Peru and Mexico in friendlies .
The 28-year-old missed Saturday 's 5-0 demolition of Watford - where Mo Salah bagged four goals - as Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk lined up together at Anfield .
Future Reds ace Keita has also decided to stay at his current club , RB Leipzig , rather than travel to homeland Guinea this week .
At a private event at the Newseum in downtown Washington , D.C , on Tuesday , Wawa CEO Chris Gheysens shared with a crowd of a few hundred the company 's plans for its first D.C. store , set to open in December .
The store will be located at 1111 19th Street NW , four blocks from the city 's downtown Farragut Square . It will be the retailer 's largest store to date and feature its latest food offer , including test items that may not be available at other locations . Gheysens said some of Wawa 's new food concepts include a hormone-free roasted chicken sandwich , custom salads , mac & cheese mash-ups and nitro coffee .
The new store also will feature Wawa 's first Wild Goose Café , including a bar , counter and table seating inside and outside the store . The outdoor patio seating will mesh with a neighborhood that includes lunch locations like Chop't Creative Salad Co. , Corner Bakery and Pret A Manger .
Gheysens said , within the next couple of years , Wawa plans to open five to 10 stores in D.C. neighborhoods , including Georgetown , West End , NOMA , Capitol Hill and Capitol Riverfront , as well as nearby Maryland and Virginia neighborhoods . By 2022 , Wawa expects to have 10-20 stores open in the Washington area , with an ultimate goal of 30-50 stores when at full density .
Wawa currently has 757 stores in Pennsylvania , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia and Florida , and is on pace to open one store per week across the East Coast and Florida .
Imagine a grandmother waiting for her daughter to get out of work to bring her prescription drugs because there is no effective public transportation and driving herself is not an option . Or a senior citizen feeling lonely for days at a time because they live far away from family or a community center .
Forty teams of middle school students from Miami-Dade and Broward counties addressed this growing issue , referred to as social exclusion or social isolation , at the annual South Florida Future City Competition .
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the U.S. Department of Commerce , 11 million people over age 65 live on their own . Living alone may not necessarily lead to social isolation , but the chances are greater . In search of solutions , this year 's theme was The Age-Friendly City , and students were tasked with designing a model of a future city where residents could be physically active and independent .
FIU 's College of Engineering & Computing hosted the event for the 16th year in a row .
“ This is an important STEM opportunity to encourage students at an early stage in their education to get involved in engineering-based projects . This may lead the students to pursue engineering as a career , ” said Osama Mohammed , associate dean of research for the College of Engineering & Computing and regional coordinator of the national competition .
The students were judged on the design and engineering of virtual and physical city models , an essay and a five-minute presentation . They were required to use recycled materials to create their models .
“ We used glass , industrial cardboard , perfume bottles and we even included a fidget spinner to act as a place where residents …can stand on to see a 360 [ degree ] view of the city , ” said Bella Pennekamp , a middle school student from St. Hugh Catholic School .
The future city Tandanya was the winning project and was presented by all-female speakers . The name “ Tandanya ” comes from “ Tarndanya , ” which is what the Kaurna Indigenous Australians referred to as the Adelaide Plains .
As part of their presentation , the contestants acted as a resident , a mayor and a voice-controlled database to describe all Tandanya has to offer : an eco-friendly transportation system with self-driving pods to prevent collisions ; solar panels installed on every building ; recreational centers ; and an underground waste management system with an airtight seal that prevents the odor from spreading throughout the city .
“ The students are so passionate and very composed when asked questions . They are dreamers . They have big ideas with no limits and it 's refreshing to see what they come up with , ” said Hassan Eldeeb , an electrical engineering doctoral student who has judged the competition for the last two years .
The second-place winners from Doral Academy designed a city with self-driving electric cars where senior citizens can request a car to pick them up through an app on their smartphones ; a delivery system to transport pharmaceutical drugs to seniors ; and a state-of-the art cultural center with theatrical productions and gym .
“ I was impressed by their articulation , complexity of their projects and by their excitement . They need these things to succeed not just in college , but in life . We look forward to having these students at FIU when it 's time for them to attend college , ” said John Volakis , dean of the College of Engineering & Computing .
The Future City Competition is a national competition that raises awareness of science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) . Middle school students have several months to research , design and build cities of the future .
The winning team will fly to Washington , D.C. , for the National Future City Competition taking place Feb. 17 – 20 .
Rajan Kohli has steered it to become a $ 2 billion business for Wipro , making the growth of the digital business one of the few success stories at the company . Photo : Mint
Bengaluru : Wipro Ltd has promoted Rajan Kohli , the head of its digital business , to the rank of president , a move analysts said underscores the significance of new solution offerings in the revenue portfolio of the Bengaluru-based company .
Wipro , while elevating Kohli late last month , promoted four other executives to the rank of senior vice-president , according to an executive familiar with the development .
“ Wipro Limited can confirm that Rajan Kohli has been promoted as president , digital , with immediate effect . He will continue to be the global head of Wipro Digital and report to chief executive officer Abidali Neemuchwala , ” said a spokesperson for Wipro .
Kohli is one of the eight presidents at the company , all of them reporting to Neemuchwala .
The company 's chief operating officer , Bhanumurthy Ballapuram ; chief human resources officer Saurabh Govil ; and the recently appointed head of strategic sales , Anand Padmanabhan , are presidents .
Shaji Farooq , the company 's head of banking and financial services unit ; N.S . Bala , the head of energy , natural resources and utilities division ; Srini Pallia , the head of consumer business unit ; and Milan Rao , the head of the communications business , are also presidents .
Kohli , who took over as head of Wipro Digital in March 2015 , has steered it to become a $ 2 billion business for the company , making the growth of the digital business one of the few success stories at the company .
“ Rajan has led the efforts to bring Wipro Digital from zero to $ 2 billion in a quick three years . We have seen him help clients bridge the gap in not only digital technology but also understanding the digital business models required for success , ” said Ray Wang , founder of Constellation Research , a technology research and advisory firm . “ This is recognition of not only Rajan 's efforts to grow $ 2 billion in Digital but also the importance of Digital in the revenue mix for Wipro , ” said Wang .
Over the last few years , Wipro , which ended with $ 8.06 billion in revenue last year , has struggled for growth and lagged behind its rivals . Noida-based HCL Technologies Ltd is poised to surpass Wipro to become India 's third-biggest software services provider in the current quarter , marking the first change in the pecking order of the country 's $ 167 billion IT outsourcing industry in six years .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer .
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer .
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens is resigning , marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president .
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens is resigning , marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president .
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens res ...
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens res ...
Even in surrender , Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender , Missouri governor goes out fighting
Republican Gov . Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school .
Republican Gov . Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school .
The head of Oregon 's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state 's third-largest city warning residents to `` Prepare for Action '' .
The head of Oregon 's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state 's third-largest city warning residents to `` Prepare for ...
( AP Photo/Tom James ) . Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem , Ore. , late Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom . The head of Oregon 's ...
( AP Photo/Tom James ) . Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem , Ore. , late Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom . The head of Oregon 's ...
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure .
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs . Now what ?
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs . Now what ?
Harvey Weinstein wo n't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges .
Harvey Weinstein wo n't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges .
Weinstein indicted in sex case ; lawyer says he 'll fight it
Weinstein indicted in sex case ; lawyer says he 'll fight it
The suspect in February 's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying `` you 're all going to die . `` .
The suspect in February 's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying `` you 're all going ...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the # MeToo movement began is running for office again .
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the # MeToo movement began is running for office again .
( AP Photo/Bob Christie , File ) . FILE - In this Feb. 14 , 2017 , file photo , state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix , Ariz. Shooter , who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o ...
( AP Photo/Bob Christie , File ) . FILE - In this Feb. 14 , 2017 , file photo , state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix , Ariz. Shooter , who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o ...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid , ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people .
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid , ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people .
By KIM CHANDLER
Associated Press
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) - A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release information about its lethal injection process .
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre on Wednesday ruled the `` public has a common law right of access '' to those records . Bowdre says the state can keep some information secret , such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions .
She ordered the state to tell her by June 7 if there is any sensitive identifying information in any of the records the court plans to make public .
The office of Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall says it 's reviewing the order .
The Associated Press and other news outlets had filed a motion seeking release of the information .
For years Alabama has refused to divulge details of its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Big Lead 's PM Sports Roundup , which has busted brackets just like everyone else .
Kendall and Blake official now ? : Kendall Jenner has finally answered questions about her relationship with Blake Griffin and it appears it 's actually a thing that 's still going on . So…good for them ?
Lue having health issues : Tyronn Lue is stepping away from coaching the Cleveland Cavaliers because of health issues . The 40-year-old head coach left Saturday night 's game , and it was the third time he 's stepped away mid-game during the season . Here 's hoping he 's OK .
Ranking the teams left in the tournament : Ranking the 16 teams remaining in the 2018 NCAA Tournament .
Tweet of the Day :
In Case You Missed It on The Big Lead :
Ranking the Sweet 16 Matchups From Best to Worst
Biggest Losers From The 2018 NCAA Tournament 's First Weekend
Tom Izzo , A Coaching Lion , Has Been Leaving March Like a Lamb
The 2018 South Region is Officially the Wildest , Wackiest Region Ever
Around the Sports Internet :
Duke is now the betting favorite to win the 2018 NCAA Tournament
The city of Cincinnati had a rough day of college basketball on Sunday
The latest stock assessments on the top 2018 NBA Draft prospects
A look at some great bargains still available in NFL free agency
Song of the Day :
The wait is finally over ... Whalley 's brand-new Co-op store will open today following a £630,000 investment – creating 16 jobs for local people .
Whalley stalwart and honorary president of the village 's chamber of trade , Joyce Holgate , will officially open the store at 10am .
The Whalley councillor will be accompanied by Ribble Valley Mayor Coun . Stuart Carefoot and his mayoress , Sarah Rainford .
Speaking about the opening , Coun . Holgate said : “ On behalf of the members , may I welcome the Co-op to Whalley and thank them for using the investment for the centre of the village .
“ Traders were initially really worried and I can understand why , but the roadworks had to take place and the scaffolding to the building was there for a reason as they had no alternative because the bulding was in a poor state of repair .
“ The store will come with a car park . For 25 years I have been trying to find somewhere for people to park and this is the best we have in the village . ”
The store , located on King Street – the former Whalley Arms pub – will have an in-store bakery and Costa coffee dispenser , alongside fresh , healthy foods , meal ideas , award-winning wines and essentials .
Whalley 's Co-op will also bring a funding boost to local good causes including Friends of Barrow School , Lancashire Women 's Centres BodyFit Programme and St Peter and St Paul 's School through its membership scheme .
Members receive a 5 % reward on the purchase of own-brand products and services , with the Co-op donating a further 1 % to local good causes .
Simon Douglas , store manager , said : “ We are delighted to have the opportunity to carry out such a significant investment in Whalley and we are really looking forward to serving the local community . Our ambition is to ensure the store is a local hub , a real asset for the community . ”
There will be offers and promotions in and around the store to mark its launch . And , students in the area holding a NUS extra card also receive a 10 % discount off their groceries at the Co-op to support them during their studies .
Whalley councillor Terry Hill said : “ I 'm really pleased that at long last the store is opening .
“ It will bring back into productive use a Grade II listed building , which had previously been left derelict for a number of years .
“ The opening of the store will also create car parking spaces for shoppers and that can only be good for the village as people will come into Whalley , find it easy to park and browse around the shops . It will bring boost for overall trade into the village . ”
In addition , Cosgroves are delighted that the Co-op have invested in the village .
Owner , Mr Paul Winckley , said : “ There are so many positive aspects of them opening – the car park will now be usable again and we are sure that the extra footfall created by the Co-op will be beneficial to all our local retailers .
“ We wish the Co-op every success in their new venture in Whalley . ”
Dozens of life-saving defibrillators including some in isolated rural communities are under threat after the region 's ambulance service announced it was stopping funding the equipment .
Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) has written to 100 parish councils and businesses that were given defibrillators , which can save lives in cases of sudden cardiac arrest , in 2014 .
A letter from the head of community resilience , Paul Stevens , to a business hosting a defibrillator in East Yorkshire said YAS expects parish councils or the local community to pick up responsibility and costs .
The letter states : “ There is no obligation for YAS to continue to maintain these devices and I must inform you that we are no longer in a position to do so .
“ We must standardise our arrangements across the county and with over 1,200 defibrillators logged into our Ambulance Control systems it is not feasible for YAS to maintain the cost of all these devices . ”
The letter said YAS would “ happily ” hand over ownership to parish councils or communities , adding : “ I know that you will be disappointed with this decision but I hope you can understand the significant cost implication with over 1,200 CPADs across Yorkshire . ”
The costs include replacing batteries for £198 and cabinets for £478 , while optional familiarisation sessions cost £200 .
Coun Jonathan Owen , the East Riding Health and Wellbeing Board 's chairman , and fellow board member Coun Jane Evison said they were “ very concerned ” .
Coun Owen said : “ Having been so supportive of providing this service to communities , I am amazed YAS are withdrawing their support for a service that must be perceived as a great life saving support to local communities when they have n't the resource to respond rapidly in our rural areas through the normal 999 service .
“ We will use whatever means we can to raise concerns and ask them to re-consider as this must be a false economy . ”
Coun Evison added : “ I have fought for many years to improve ambulance response times in our rural communities and hoped the provision of community defibrillators was a cost effective back up for the ambulance service , hence their willingness to provide and support .
“ It is difficult to understand how YAS can justify withdrawing a service to a rural community when response times are still not satisfactory .
“ I am extremely disappointed that they wish to withdraw their support and pass the responsibility to often small parish councils and local communities . ”
Defibrillators deliver an electrical current through the chest which aims to shock the heart back into a normal rhythm allowing it to pump again . The devices used in the community - automatic external defibrillators - are designed to be simple to use for the layperson .
YAS said the vast majority of community public access defibrillators were maintained by the local community .
Emma Scott , Community Resilience Manager said : `` Unfortunately , it is not feasible for us to cover the cost and maintain of all these devices .
“ The 100 communities affected by the transfer of responsibility have been offered a new cabinet , along with a new battery and new electrodes for their defibrillator , free of charge .
`` We also have a new CPAD co-ordinator who can provide guidance and ongoing support to communities whenever they need it . ”
What are defibrillators used for ?
The most common cause of a cardiac arrest is a life-threatening abnormal heart rhythm called ventricular fibrillation .
It causes the heart 's electrical activity to become so chaotic that it ceases to pump rhythmically and quivers or “ fibrillates ” instead .
Without immediate treatment to keep the circulation going , death occurs in minutes .
HARVARD – A Harvard family of three is displaced after an early Sunday morning house fire . The Harvard Volunteer Fire Department responded to a residence at 407 E. Maple St. at approximately 1 a.m. to a living room on fire . Chief Eric Cox said that a lightning strike in the area overloaded their electrical and shorted out the house , sparking a fire in the basement that then burned a hole in the living room .
The family was not home at the time , but pulled up to their house and noticed an orange glow and alerted the fire department . No one was injured . The house sustained heavy smoke and water damage . Cox said the fire was under control within 15 minutes . The family is currently receiving assistance from the American Red Cross .
High School Football Scores Week 7
Property owners quiz county on reassessment question Lackawanna County officials still have five weeks to educate voters about the reassessment question that will appear on the Nov. 7 ballot . It may not be enough . The first round of three informational sessions on the upcoming referendum Wednesday showed ma ( read more )
Steamtown National Historic Site eliminates $ 7 entrance fee Admission to Steamtown National Historic Site in Scranton is now free . The park eliminated its $ 7 daily entrance fee , park officials announced Wednesday . Since 2005 , the National Park Service has charged a $ 7 admission fee for each Steamtown visitor age 1 ( read more )
Cummings critical of county reassessment expert , video and timing of information sessions Lackawanna County Commissioner Laureen Cummings called a county-hired reassessment expert and a county-funded reassessment video biased Wednesday , shortly after the first of six public information meetings to inform voters about reassessment . A staunch op ( read more )
Chris Kelly blog - Marywood student 's vigilance an example for all Americans We do n't know the name of the Marywood University student who tipped authorities to the potential threat posed by Alex Barowski , a student who was caught on campus with a handgun , body armor , 200 rounds of ammunition and parts of an AR-15 in his truck on Wednesday ( read more )
Teenager sentenced to prison for knife-fight slaying Cathleen Boyer wrenched an apology through choked sobbing . Then the judge sealed her fate . “ I never meant for this to happen , ” she told the family of Kayla VanWert in a courtroom Wednesday in the Lackawanna County Courthouse . “ I 'm not a bad person . I was ( read more )
Longtime humane officer fired at Griffin Pond The Griffin Pond Animal Shelter board of directors fired the shelter 's humane officer this week , her attorney said Wednesday . Humane officer Sandy Scala was on paid suspension since September while a board committee investigates numerous accusations of mi ( read more )
“ Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time. ” Winston Churchill
“ Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof. ” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
TORONTO — U.S. markets sank deeply into the red Tuesday , while precious metals and the materials sector helped mitigate the fall at Canada 's main stock index .
The S & P/TSX composite index closed down 75.06 points to 15,477 .
In the U.S. , the Dow Jones industrial average plunged by 424.56 points to close at 24,024.13 . The S & P 500 index closed down 35.73 points to 2634.56 and the Nasdaq composite index closed down 121.25 points to 7,007.35 .
Underlying the selloff in U.S. markets was the benchmark U.S. 10-year Treasury yield touching the `` psychological level '' of three per cent , said Luc de la Durantaye , managing director of asset allocation and currency at CIBC Asset Management .
`` That probably unnerves the market a little bit , '' he said .
He added that concerns over U.S. interest rates were further compounded by investor concerns about specific companies , such as Google parent Alphabet , whose shares slid nearly five per cent on higher-than-expected capital spending .
In Canada , however , the materials and gold sector remained buoyant . Barrick Gold Corp. shares were up more than three per cent Tuesday on better-than-expected quarterly earnings and the Toronto-based miner 's announcement that it is no longer selling off assets to pay down debt .
`` Gold is up ... That 's certainly helping the market to stay afloat a bit better than in the U.S. , '' said de la Durantaye .
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.95 cents US , up from an average value of 77.92 cents US on Monday .
The June gold contract was up US $ 9 to US $ 1333 an ounce and the May copper contract was up three cents to US $ 3.14 a pound .
Uber ousted chief executive officer Travis Kalanick criticized Benchmark Capital 's action and said he was working with the board to identify a new CEO . Photo : AP
Venture capital firm Benchmark Capital said on Monday it gave Uber Technologies Inc and its ousted chief executive , Travis Kalanick , a month to review its recommendations before filing a lawsuit last week to force Kalanick off the board and rescind his ability to fill three board seats .
The lawsuit , filed on Thursday , also accused Kalanick of concealing a range of misdeeds from the board and scheming to retain power at Uber even after he was forced to resign as CEO in late June .
“ We know that many of you are asking why Benchmark filed a lawsuit against Travis last week . Perhaps the better question is why we did n't act sooner , ” Benchmark said in a letter to Uber employees on Monday .
Kalanick criticized Benchmark 's action and said he was working with the board to identify a new CEO . “ I am disappointed and baffled by Benchmark 's hostile actions , which clearly are not in the best interests of Uber and its employees on whose behalf they claim to be acting , ” Kalanick said in a statement .
Benchmark Capital said Kalanick was still involved in the day-to-day operations at Uber , which has created a sense of uncertainty and undermined the search for his replacement . “ Indeed , it has appeared at times as if the search was being manipulated to deter candidates and create a power vacuum in which Travis could return , ” Benchmark said in the letter .
The well-regarded venture firm was an early investor in Uber and said in the lawsuit that it owns 13 % of Uber and controls 20 % of the voting power .
Benchmark has explicitly said it would block any potential investment deal in Uber unless the three board seats added last year are eliminated , CNBC reported , citing sources . Uber and Benchmark were not immediately available for comment on the CNBC report outside regular business hours . Reuters
BY JESSIE SPANGLER AND KATHERINE BAUER
Nickey Jafari 's initial reaction to the Twitter account Drake Students for Justice was happiness .
“ I love this ! ” Jafari said as she scrolled through the anonymous Twitter account 's feed for the first time during a phone interview .
In a Facebook post in November , Jafari accused political science professor Mahmoud Hamad of sexual harassing her while she was a student at Drake . Since her public accusation , Drake has been silent on the investigation and accusations regarding Hamad .
In response to this silence , Drake Students for Justice was born . It first tweeted on April 9 , asking the administration to do more , such as releasing a statement about Hamad 's current status at Drake , increasing resources for sexual assault survivors , offering support and guidance for students whose education plans were disrupted and recurring mandatory sexual misconduct prevention trainings for faculty and staff members .
Jafari also expressed her disappointment with how Drake administration has handled things , with the exception of Katie Overberg , whom she said she has a good relationship with .
“ I 've felt kind of alone , and I also feel , as a survivor , personally , I feel pretty unsupported by Drake 's administration , outside of Kathryn Overberg and the Title IX office specifically , ” Jafari said . “ I would 've expected Drake to be in better contact with me and far more apologetic that I had this experience at their institution . ”
Jafari said that Drake making a statement would n't hurt anyone except for Hamad himself and that releasing a statement would only help Drake 's reputation .
“ Without a statement from Drake , the possibility that this man could attain another position at another academic institution is increased , ” Jafari said .
Drake Students for Justice said in a tweet that if the Drake administration would not release an official statement about the investigation into Hamad by April 16 , then “ … we will continue to directly address faculty and staff regarding our concerns . ”
At midnight on April 16 , Drake Students for Justice started tweeting their email correspondences with Drake Provost Sue Mattison . As of April 19 , Drake has yet to release a statement .
Mattison said in an email to the Times-Delphic , “ Professor Hamad has resigned from Drake effective June 1 . As you noted in the TD article last fall , he has no teaching assignments . He remains on a leave of absence through May . ”
Jafari said she is aware of the closing details of the investigation .
Because Drake is a private university , Mattison said she is unable to discuss whether or not Hamad remains on the Drake payroll .
Mattison has reached out to Drake Students for Justice through email to set up a meeting in person . Those running the account refused to meet in person .
“ I have offered multiple times to meet with the ‘ Drake Students for Justice ' to address concerns , but the individual ( s ) responsible for the request refused to meet with me , ” Mattison told the Times-Delphic in an email . “ The individual ( s ) running the Twitter account have not indicated any substantiated reason for not meeting with me . Title IX cases are bound by law to protect the confidentiality of the student who comes forward with a complaint , and not to share confidential and personal information to anonymous student demands . ”
A student representing the Twitter account told the Times-Delphic that those running the account wish to stay anonymous because they want to not only focus on this issue , but to continue to exist and keep holding the administration accountable .
Besides a statement , the Drake Students for Justice Twitter account requested “ resources for students whose safety and well-being have been compromised in result of their interactions with Professor Mahmoud Hamad . ”
“ Mental health resources and other support services are commonly extended to any student who is experiencing challenges , including students who file complaints against a Drake employee or a fellow student , ” Mattison said .
The Twitter account also asked for “ support and guidance for students whose academic plans have been disrupted by the absence of a qualified instructor. ” The Middle Eastern regional studies path within the international relations major was noted as an affected area of study .
“ I have not heard concerns from students about an impact on their academic careers , ” Mattison responded in another email to the Times-Delphic . “ If any student is having academic issues of any kind , they can talk with their advisor or the associate dean of the college , who are committed to serving all students and helping them get through their programs of study . ”
The final demand made by the Drake Students for Justice Twitter account is “ recurring mandatory sexual misconduct prevention trainings for faculty and staff using up-to-date and accurate resources. ” Mattison responded by saying faculty and staff receive online prevention training when they 're hired and that the Title IX Coordinator and Violence Prevention Coordinator provide education throughout the year .
Jafari said the demands made by this account are reasonable .
“ I would actually support this thread ( by ) adding a fifth demand , that if a professor found in violation of the sexual misconduct policy , that counseling is not an acceptable minimum punishment , and that will be consistent with a university that values the rights of its students , and protecting what is in the student body 's best interests , ” Jafari said .
Hannah Shell , another alumna , attended meetings with Jafari when she had to go see Hamad , who was Jafari 's advisor at the time .
“ They definitely need to apologize about how they handled it , because they have been unsupportive , unresponsive , ” she said . “ Certainly the way they 've handled it would discourage other students that might be in similar situations , so I think they need to make a statement about how they 're going to take things in the future . ”
Other students have expressed similar concerns about how the administration has communicated with students since the accusations against Hamad were made public .
“ It kind of just creates a little trepidation , ” said Emily Bauer , co-president of Student Activists for Gender Equity ( SAGE ) . “ As a woman or as somebody who is more likely to be subjected to this kind of situation , seeing the way that things are kind of handled under-wraps and without complete openness can make you kind of less trusting of people in power . I 've heard a little bit of that sentiment going around and wishing for honesty and openness . ”
Dissatisfaction with how administration has responded in this situation has motivated two students to coordinate a demonstration on campus this week . Sophomore Ren Culliney and junior Isabelle Barrett created the Facebook event “ It Could Be Any of Us . ”
“ We want to show the administration how their lack of a statement regarding sexual predators on campus leaves students feeling unsafe , and as if anyone can be a victim of violence on this campus by someone in a position of authority , ” the Facebook event says .
Those who want to get involved can message either Culliney or Barrett on Facebook to receive a black armband with “ It Could Be Any of Us ” printed on it . The organizers are asking participants to wear their armbands on April 28 .
“ I 'm hoping it 's an open conversation and that administration will see that sexual assaults on campus are not isolated incidents , ” Culliney aid . “ They 're a symptom of a larger culture that allows that to happen . And we need to address that … We definitely considered Relays in it in terms of it being a really big , energetic time and I think it 's a time where we can make a really big impact if people notice this . ”
Many students expressed surprise when they learned that Hamad had resigned , effective June 1 , in the emails between Mattison and the Twitter account that were posted online .
“ I was surprised because nothing had been said , ” Bauer said . “ We get so many emails from the University a day , you 'd think that maye they could 've addressed his status as a professor in some kind of capacity . So I was surprised when I read that . ”
Culliney said that some students feel they ca n't trust the administration .
“ ( The administration says ) , ‘ Well , you can come talk to us if you 're concerned . ' It 's like , ‘ Well , we 're concerned because we feel like we ca n't talk to you . ' So it 's a vicious sort of cycle , ” she said .
Culliney and Bauer said they understand that certain details can not be disclosed to campus for legal reasons , but that 's not what students are asking for .
“ Ultimately , I do n't want all of the little details , ” Culliney said . “ I just think it would be nice for the administration to say , ‘ This situation happened . We 're aware . We 're discussing it internally . ' Because we do n't even get that , and that concerns me . ”
China looking far and wide to fulfil 2020 Olympic vision
by Reuters 15 Jun 2017 , 12:02 IST
A worker walks at a construction site of New National Stadium for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics in Tokyo , Japan May 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato/Files
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Olympic powerhouse China has decided to tap into its diaspora with an eye on the 2020 Games in Tokyo , state news agency Xinhua has reported .
China topped the medal table when Beijing hosted the 2008 Games before dropping to second in London ( 2012 ) and third in Rio de Janeiro last year .
In an `` unprecedented reform '' , the country 's sports governing body had invited athletes based overseas to compete in the 13th National Games from Aug. 27 to Sept. 8 , the report said .
`` We decided to invite high-level athletes from the Chinese diaspora to take part in the all the 26 competitive sports events of the National Games , '' Li Yingchuan , vice minister of China 's State General Administration of Sport , said .
Liu Xiaonong , director of the Competitive Sports Department , said the athletes must prove they were competitive .
`` If we spot talent among the overseas Chinese athletes , and if they have Chinese citizenship , we will possibly recruit them in preparation for the 2020 Olympic Games , '' Liu said .
China has established an ice hockey team comprising overseas Chinese in Vancouver as it seeks to improve its Winter Olympics performance ahead of the 2022 Games in Beijing .
`` We formed this team to help out national team train and to compete with them regularly , so as to improve our players ' level of competency , '' minister Li said .
( Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
They blew their wealthy donors ' millions on private jets , make-up , five-star hotels - and a LOT of smoked salmon .
But even splurging £18.6million was n't enough to stop Theresa May losing her majority in last year 's snap general election .
Official figures today reveal the Tories spent 69 % more than Labour - only to end up 13 seats behind where they started .
Labour got the best deal , spending 85p per vote compared to £1.36 for the Tories and £2.86 for the Lib Dems .
Yet the 21,000 receipts and disclosures issued today show the Tories were not exactly alone as big spenders .
Neither were they the only ones in Westminster to put some weird and wonderful costs on the party account .
Here are 13 big points - or just weird ones - that we dug up from the official files .
1 . A quarter of a MILLION on private jets and helicopters
The Conservatives blew £262,799 on private jets and helicopters with VIP firm Starflight Aviation - who boast they have flown Sir Elton John and Sir Paul McCartney .
On the eve of the election alone they blew £31,688 on one flight for the PM , her husband Philip , staffers and journalists from Southampton to Norwich .
Theresa May slid into a beige leather seat for the half-hour flight at 19,000ft .
And the Tories started as they meant to go on , with Mrs May 's helicopter flight to launch the election campaign at a Bolton golf club costing £10,746 .
The bill on gas-guzzling air transport comes despite Theresa May rebranding the Tories as champions of the environment .
2 . Swanky rooms at plush five-star hotels
The Tories blew almost £5,000 on rooms and other costs at five-star , £240-a-night Conrad St James hotel in central London .
The hotel is said to be within hearing distance of the Commons Division Bell , which signals when MPs need to go and vote .
Labour said it was among £27,000 the Tories spent on four and five-star hotels .
Meanwhile , Ukip put an unnamed person up at London 's swanky Savile Club for six nights , at a cost of £1,626 .
The exclusive , members-only club is situated in an 18th Centrury house in the heart of Mayfair , overlooking Green Park .
3 . Millions of pounds on Facebook
( Image : AFP )
The Tories spent £2.1 million on Facebook ads during the campaign - more than Labour , who spent £577,270 and the Lib Dems , who spent £412,329 , combined .
Theresa May 's party also spent more than £500,000 on Google Ads , and £25,000 on Twitter ads - again , far outstripping any other party .
Labour meanwhile went for trendy new media firms .
It spent £94,009 with “ creative technology agency ” Tangent and £219,670 on “ Facebook marketing partner ” Alchemy Social for work on its digital campaigns .
4 . £4million to David Cameron 's favourite election guru
( Image : REUTERS )
Masterminding a disastrous election campaign does n't come cheap , and the Tories ' 2017 campaign was no exception .
CTF Partners , the firm headed by self-styled strategy wizard Lynton Crosby , was paid more than £4 million by the Tories for “ Marketing research and Canvassing . ”
Crosby was widely credited with delivering David Cameron his election victories , but the magic appeared to have worn off in 2017 .
The Tories also paid Barack Obama 's polling advisor Jim Messina a chunky £544,144 fee for his help with the campaign .
5 . Theresa May 's hair and make-up
( Image : PA )
The Tories blew £2,287 on hair and make-up firm InParlour , a lot of it seemingly for Theresa May in the last two days of the campaign .
Party chiefs brought the firm 's stylists Katrin and Rosie out on the road to Slough and Birmingham - both locations Mrs May visited .
6 . 99 ( billion ) red balloons
Labour spent £2,290 on balloons .
Clearly it tried to put the `` children 's birthday party '' in `` Labour Party '' .
7 . A leak inquiry at smelly Lib Dem HQ
The Liberal Democrats were p * * * ing their money up the wall - literally .
The party spent £576 calling out plumbers to their grand Westminster HQ just a week before the election to fix overflowing urinals in the gents ' toilets .
Ex-Tory donors ' firm Pimlico Plumbers ' report , published in glorious fullness on the Tories ' website , said : “ Blocked urinals overflowing out of butler sink in cleaning cupboard .
“ Recommendations : Have urinal wastes cleaned every six months to reduce risk of flooding . ”
A Lib Dem insider said : “ It 's always important to stop leaks . ''
8 . £13,000 in ONE sandwich shop - and £944 on Deliveroo
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The Tories spent nearly £13,000 in a single Westminster sandwich shop during the campaign .
And they blew another £944 on orders from Deliveroo .
£51 was spent in Wetherspoons - all of it by the Lib Dems .
9 . A LOT of the world 's finest smoked salmon
( Image : SWNS.com )
Nothing says metropolitan elite like quaffing thousands of pounds worth of smoked salmon .
And sure enough , the Tories ran up a £6,000 bill with `` the world 's finest smoked salmon '' firm H Forman and Son .
Curiously this invoice was missing from the final return . So we do n't know exactly what was bought - we only know it was run up on April 27 .
Curiously also , Michael Gove visited this firm weeks after the election to talk about Brexit .
10 . A weirdly regular McDonald 's habit
( Image : 2010 Bloomberg )
Tim Farron 's party was also fond of the odd Happy Meal .
The Lib Dems registered spending at McDonald 's almost every single day of the six-week campaign - a total of £335 .
11 . £2,795 for a Disney Caribbean cruise
The Lib Dems handed £2,795 to Disney for a Caribbean cruise .
Yes , that 's right - but it 's for a good reason .
An insider tells us the party had a policy of refunding anyone who had already booked a holiday during the snap election period .
That means one poor Tim Farron fan had most of the cost of their seven-night cruise from Port Canaveral reimbursed .
Another Lib Dem had their £819 flights and hotel to Mykonos refunded by the central party . And a third got £346 for cancelled Ryanair flights to Malaga .
12 . A VERY long chauffeured car journey
( Image : PA )
Tories were n't the only party blowing money .
The SNP also blew £1,410 on a 435-mile journey in a chauffeur-driven car on May 1 .
It 's not known where it when from and to , but that 's about the distance from London to Edinburgh . Fair to say they wo n't walk 500 miles .
The bill was among just over £6,000 spent by the SNP on chauffeur firm Little 's .
13 . And finally ... Labour DID trust the polls after all
( Image : PA )
When the chips were down , Jeremy Corbyn and his allies made a great boast of not being able to trust the polls .
But his officials ' behaviour behind the scenes was very different .
Labour blew £541,684 on polling firms BMG , ICM and YouGov - half the £1.1million spent by all parties .
On the day before the election Labour handed BMG £72,000 for “ pre-election polling ” .
Looks like perhaps Mr Corbyn did want to know what the pollsters were saying after all .
The Tories spent £214,452 on polling firms , not including its analysis Lynton Crosby or Jim Messina , while the Lib Dems spent £285,797 on polling firms Survation and Populus .
Does it all matter ?
All this spending is party funds , NOT taxpayers ' money .
So you decide .
But Labour claimed the Tories ' jet and hotel habit showed their priorities when trying to win over the country .
Ian Lavery , Chair of the Labour Party , said : `` The Conservatives ran a campaign in the interests of , and funded by , the privileged elite . ''
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON/SEOUL ( Yonhap ) – South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump spoke by phone Friday and resolved to work together to address human rights abuses in North Korea , the White House said .
`` The two leaders discussed the importance of improving the human rights situation in North Korea and underscored their commitment to work together on this issue , '' it said in a statement .
A file photo shows President Moon Jae-in speaking with US President Donald Trump on Jan. 10 . Cheong Wa Dae
Later in the day , Trump met with a group of North Korean defectors at the White House and discussed the abuses they endured under Pyongyang 's totalitarian regime , as well as their new lives outside of the North.He also invited a defector , Ji Seong-ho , to his State of the Union address Tuesday and called out the North Korean regime for its human rights abuses.Speaking with Moon , Trump wished him and the South Korean people a successful Winter Olympic Games , which kick off in PyeongChang this coming Friday , and `` reiterated his commitment to addressing the trade imbalance between the two countries , '' the statement said.Negotiations have been under way to amend a bilateral free trade agreement that took effect in 2012.Moon expressed hope that the inter-Korean reconciliatory mood from the Olympics will help build peace on the Korean Peninsula.Moon also thanked Trump for sending a US delegation led by Vice President Mike Pence to the Olympics , saying that he also hopes Pence 's Korea visit will help the peace-building process , according to senior presidential press secretary Yoon Young-chan . `` Many countries were afraid of joining the PyeongChang Olympics even three or four weeks ago and considered canceling their participation , but now they are not afraid of participation at all , '' Yoon quoted Trump as saying in the 30-minute telephone talks.Trump also said he will be `` 100 percent with South Korea '' over the Olympics.Moon again lauded Trump and his North Korea policy for helping set the tone for an `` Olympics of peace '' and bringing the North out to join the upcoming Olympics , the secretary said.In a separate statement , the White House said Trump also spoke with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and thanked him for Tokyo 's `` efforts to maintain international pressure on North Korea . `` The Trump administration has led a `` maximum pressure '' campaign with growing economic and diplomatic sanctions to compel Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs.The two leaders agreed on the need to intensify that campaign , and Trump noted Japan 's recent efforts to clamp down on North Korean attempts at sanctions evasion , according to the statement .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers have completely sold out their ticket allocation for the trip to Oxford United February 10 .
However , there is a way to watch the match live even if you were n't one of the lucky 1,8000 who grabbed a ticket .
Rovers will be operating a beam back at the Memorial Stadium on the day of the match , with tickets available until the day before the event .
The amazing support Bristol Rovers will be taking to Oxford United next weekend
While the bars at the Kassam Stadium will be closed on the day , those at the Mem will certainly be open .
( Image : Richard Heathcote/Getty Images )
Advance tickets for the beam back event are priced at £5 for adults and £3 for juveniles . Early bird tickets will be on sale until 5.00pm ( midday online ) on Friday , 9th February .
Admission prices increase to £7 ( Adults ) and £5 ( Under 18 's ) on the day for the fixture .
The doors will open at 11:00am , in time to watch Tottenham v Arsenal match beforehand ( 12:30 kick off ) .
There are 600 tickets available in total for the event .
On the day there will be drinks promotions on offer and Irene 's kitchen will be serving food .
Tickets on are now sale in person to visitors to The Memorial Stadium Club shop and the Kingswood Supporters Club Shop , or online
Top Stories : California Fires Spread ; Stunning Alabama Senate Race Ending : The Two-Way Also : Vice President Pence wo n't meet Palestinian leader Abbas on an upcoming visit ; Bitcoin futures trading surges ; and President Trump 's economic populism claims compared to the GOP tax plan .
A woman is warning about grill brush bristles after one of them impaled her tongue.Marlene Scrivani says she knew something was wrong the minute she bit into a burger she grilled . `` It felt like a sharp piece of glass pierced my tongue , '' she said.It turns out a bristle got stuck to her burger , and then in her tongue , deep in the back of her mouth.She had three surgeries to remove the tiny wire . `` The first surgery , they manipulated my mouth and tongue for four hours , so it 's left me with ulcers and no feeling in my tongue , '' Scrivani explained.Scrivani says she may need a fourth surgery in six weeks once the swelling goes down.There are alternatives to metal brushes.Doctors recommend using a brillo pad , stone or bristle-less brush to clean the grill before you cook .
Two of Ronaldo 's goals came in extra time in the second leg at Santiago Bernabeu Stadium , keeping Madrid on track to winning its third title in four seasons .
Bayern had players sent off in both matches — Javi Martinez in the first leg and Arturo Vidal in the second . The German team played the entire extra time in Madrid with 10 men .
2014 semifinals
Even with Pep Guardiola calling the shots for Bayern , Madrid eliminated the German team 5-0 on aggregate on its way to another title .
Karim Benzema scored the winner in the 1-0 victory in Madrid . The Spanish team then won 4-0 in Munich to hand Bayern its worst European home defeat .
Sergio Ramos and Ronaldo each scored twice for Madrid in the return match .
2012 semifinals
Coached by Jupp Heynckes , who is now back in charge at the German club , Bayern got the best of Madrid on penalties after each side recorded a 2-1 home victory .
An early goal by Franck Ribery and a late winner by Mario Gomez put Bayern ahead in the series , but Madrid rebounded with two goals by Ronaldo in the first 15 minutes of the second leg before Arjen Robben pulled one back for Bayern before halftime .
Neither team could score after regulation and Bayern eventually won the penalty shootout 3-1 as Ronaldo , Kaka and Ramos all missed their shots from the spot .
2007 last 16
Bayern eliminated Madrid on away goals after a 4-4 aggregate draw .
Madrid won 3-2 in the first leg at home , when Raul Gonzalez scored twice , but Bayern advanced with a 2-1 win in Munich after Roy Makaay scored 10 seconds into the match for what remains the fastest ever Champions League goal .
2004 last 16
Zinedine Zidane , the current Madrid coach , scored the decisive second-leg goal that allowed the Spanish team to advance .
Zidane beat goalkeeper Oliver Kahn with a shot from inside the area .
The first leg in Munich ended in a 1-1 draw with goals by Makaay in the 75th minute and Roberto Carlos in the 83rd .
Other meetings
The teams faced each other in three straight Champions Leagues between 2000-02 , with the winner going on to win the title each time .
Madrid won the 2000 semifinal series 3-2 on aggregate and advanced with the same score in the 2002 quarter-finals . Bayern won the 2001 semifinals 3-1 on aggregate , and also got the best of Madrid in the group stage in 2000 with a 4-2 victory in Madrid and a 4-1 win in Munich .
Bayern also won the teams ' first two matchups , in the semifinals in 1976 and 1987 . Madrid , however , won in the 1988 quarter-finals .
TRUE SKIN INSTANT WRINKLE FORMULA
Here are two belonging to the easiest things to spot in the ingredient list on makes use of package . You may notice either ingredient used a good anti aging skin care system product line , you already know not to invest any more and not always any of your money.Do n't be worried gaining weight IF in order to eat oils and fats , even real whipped products . Your body will simply use that needs and send discussions . right online !
Substances like alcohols , parabens , triclosans , phenol carbolic acid , and liquid paraffin can be harmful for your quality . They cause an associated with damage not just in your skin , but in order to your body organs . But since these substances are contained in almost all the skin care products in this market today , you wo n't find reviewers mentioning the harmful side regarding these things . Instead , they try to underplay the regarding these contents . Do n't ever fall for such reviews .
I have tried hundreds of Skin Care Review oil control foundations , from department store lines like Estee Lauder to special name brands like Mary Kay . Surely tried every budget brand in Walgreen 's , Target , and Walmart.Certain nuts are quite a little selenium which improves the elasticity of skin . Selenium battle skin from infections and neutralizes free radicals that can deteriorate the skin 's bovine collagen . These nuts contain zinc that prevents inflammatory skin burdens .
http : //skincaresfreetrial.com/true-skin-instant/
WWE Rumors : Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton still the plan for WrestleMania
Will we still see the Wyatt vs. Orton match we 've been anticipating ?
@ HJKettle by Harry Kettle News 15 Feb 2017 , 18:10 IST
Orton has refused the opportunity to face his master at WM33
What 's the story ?
As reported by Cageside Seats , Randy Orton challenging Bray Wyatt for the WWE Championship is apparently still the planned match for WrestleMania 33 . A spanner was supposedly thrown into the works on SmackDown Live when Orton said that he refuses to face his 'master ' Wyatt at the showcase of the immortals .
In case you did n't know ...
Orton vs. Wyatt in Orlando has been rumoured for a long time now ever since The Viper joined The Wyatt Family . Talks of the bout intensified to the point where people were expecting Orton to win the Royal Rumble with Wyatt winning the WWE Title in the Chamber , and of course , that has now come to fruition .
The heart of the matter
At the end of SmackDown Live this week , Orton came out to claim that he would n't be challenging Bray for the belt at the Citrus Bowl . However , if this rumour is to be believed then that , of course , would just be part of the storyline .
It 's unknown at this stage when Orton is expected to finally turn on the Eater of Worlds with just six SmackDown episodes remaining until the event .
Orton earned his title shot by winning the 2017 Royal Rumble match
What 's next ?
Daniel Bryan announced on Talking Smack that there will be a # 1 contenders battle royal next week in order to determine who faces Wyatt for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania . Some fans believe that Luke Harper will triumph in the match , eventually forcing Orton back into the bout , which will make it a triple threat contest .
Sportskeeda 's take
It seems odd that they 're delaying the turn , but we 've learned over the last few months that putting our trust in the blue brand is n't the worst idea in the world . This feels quite similar to Orton 's feud with Seth Rollins going into WrestleMania 31 when everyone pretty much knew where it was going and just wanted them to pull the trigger on the face turn .
Inserting Harper into the match would be smart , but alternatively , the bout could work just as well as a singles contest , with Harper instead being a part of the Andre The Giant Memorial Battle Royal . It certainly adds to the anticipation of the Road to WrestleMania , and WWE could yet throw a curve ball that catches us all off guard .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
FORT MYERS , Fla. — About a month ago , Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco learned he had tested positive for a performance-enhancing substance .
The news of his 80-game suspension , including ineligibility for post-season play , hit the Twins hard on Sunday after their exhibition game .
`` We do n't want it in our game . We want a clean game . It sometimes is disappointing in seeing guys still trying to use performance-enhancing drugs , '' second baseman Brian Dozier said on Monday as the Twins started their final full week of spring training . `` But at the same time , when it comes to a guy on my team , that 's my brother . He needs love right now . That 's the only thing I 'm really worried about . ''
Now the Twins must concern themselves with Polanco 's place in the lineup . He had a breakout second half of his first full season as the regular shortstop in 2017 , batting .316 with 10 home runs and 42 RBIs over his last 55 games from Aug. 1 on while taking over the No . 3 spot in the batting order and helping the Twins reach the AL wild-card game .
Twins chief baseball officer Derek Falvey said shortstop is one of the positions he felt the team entered the spring with depth at , including Eduardo Escobar , Ehire Adrianza and non-roster invitee Erick Aybar . The versatile Escobar , who played five different positions for the Twins last season including one inning at catcher , is likely to be the primary option . Nobody has played more shortstop for the Twins since 2014 than Escobar , who hit 21 homers with 73 RBIs in 457 at-bats , all career highs .
`` What Escobar did step up for us last season and we 're going to ask him again , which is to step up and be a big part of this , '' Falvey said . `` He 's worn that jersey and been fine with that before . I think Adrianza is somebody we really liked last year when we got him and was somebody who could continue to progress and grow . So , between those two guys internally who are on the roster , we feel like those guys are in a great spot to step up for us . ''
Aybar , who has begun his 12th major league season , was signed to a minor league contract last month , before the Twins knew about Polanco 's pending suspension . There 's also some uncertainty about the availability of third baseman Miguel Sano , though to a much lesser degree than the half-season Polanco will be absent for . Sano is being investigated by Major League Baseball for alleged harassment of a freelance photographer after an autograph signing in 2015 , and he 's also recovering from surgery on his shin .
Then there 's Nick Gordon , the fifth overall pick in the 2014 amateur draft who was at Double-A Chattanooga last season . He spent plenty of time at second base during spring training before being reassigned to minor league camp on Sunday shortly before news broke of Polanco 's suspension , and Falvey said Gordon would continue to work out shortstop , his original position .
As for Polanco , he decided to drop his appeal of the punishment on Sunday out of respect for the team so he 'd begin serving it as soon as possible . Polanco met with reporters briefly on Monday before he 'd had an opportunity to address his teammates . He 'll continue to work out at the team 's facility in Fort Myers when the team breaks camp and can play in extended spring training games with the minor leaguers .
`` I know how everything happened , '' Polanco said . `` I know the details , but today 's not a day to discuss those things . Today 's a day for me to be here in front of all of you guys and the Twins organization and my fans and just apologize . ''
Fox News reported that Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) was present at the Wednesday morning congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va . The practice was in preparation for the annual congressional bi-partisan baseball game to benefit Washington D.C. inner city . During the practice , House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and multiple others were shot .
Paul said a massacre could have unfolded if Scalise 's security team was not there . Scalise is the GOP third in command at the House of Representatives and therefore receives federal protection . The security detail were not in uniform according to Fox News .
Paul said he was in the right field batting cage area when the shooting started from near the third base dugout .
He said that he “ vaguely ” saw the gunman before the shots started .
Paul said just minutes earlier , he was in the area where the shots were coming from but walked to the batting cage area to hit .
He described hearing 50 to 60 shots go off . He said after several minutes , the Capitol Hill police , who were there as part of Scalise 's security detail , began returning fire .
“ I do believe that without the Capitol Hill police , it would have been a massacre , ” he said . “ We had no defense at all , ” reported Fox News .
South Korean Internet users have increasingly streamed content instead of downloading them though wireless services , government data showed Wednesday , mainly on the back of the introduction of a long-term evolution service based on fourth-generation wireless technology .
Internet traffic from video streaming services and video-on-demand , such as Youtube and Netflix , accounted for 56.1 percent of the total wireless data traffic in December 2016 , compared with 45.1 percent tallied in December 2013 , according to the data by the Ministry of Science , ICT and Future Planning .
( Yonhap )
Also , streaming content from social networking services , such as Facebook and Twitter , accounted for 16.5 percent of the total wireless data traffic , compared with 13.1 percent three years earlier , the data showed.Meanwhile , data consumption from downloading content from online data-sharing markets , such as P2P services and Internet portals , accounted for 3 percent and 16 percent of the total wireless traffic , respectively , the data showed . The comparative figures came to 7.9 percent and 19.3 percent , respectively , three years earlier.The ministry said it has analyzed the network traffic behaviors of the country 's 30 most popular websites over the past three years.The ministry said that LTE service enables smartphone users to access a stream of data faster than the previous third-generation network , and download and watch movies more quickly.A total of 46.31 million people subscribed to the 4G service in December 2012 , compared with 28.49 million in December 2013 , the data showed . ( Yonhap )
Photo : Courtesy Big Machine
By Anthony Donatelli
If you are n't in the holiday spirit quite yet , allow Brett Young to help you out .
Related : Brett Young Gets Over Heartbreak In ‘ Like I Loved You ' Video
The country crooner shared his version of “ O Holy Night ” and the accompanying music video .
Young spent a majority of 2017 on Lady Antebellum 's You Look Good Tour and is currently on the road on his own Caliville Tour .
Check out Brett 's take on the holiday classic below .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — Police investigating a marijuana odor at a city apartment arrested a man they say fought with officers .
Evaristo Ujque-Vega , 21 , 100 Colan Court , Apt . 2 , closed and locked the door of a Skyview Park apartment Saturday after opening the door to police investigating the smell . When a female occupant opened the door later , Mr. Ujque-Vega began to yell and scream , police said .
Police then attempted to detain Mr. Ujque-Vega , but he broke free and charged at the officers . He was arrested after a brief struggle , police said .
Mr. Ujque-Vega is charged with attempted simple assault , resisting arrest and related counts . He was released on $ 10,000 unsecured bail . His preliminary hearing is scheduled for Feb. 21 .
— JEFF HORVATH
The Boston Red Sox requested unconditional release waivers on Hanley Ramirez , as noted by the MLB.com transactions page . Ramirez , who was designated for assignment late last week in a surprise move , will not be traded and is now all but certain to hit free agency .
Ramirez is technically eligible to be claimed by any club within the next 48 hours , though he almost certainly wo n't be . Any claiming team would have to take on the remainder of Ramirez 's contract , which calls for more than $ 15 million in guaranteed money this season and includes a $ 22 million vesting option for 2019 . If no team claims Ramirez , he will simply become a free agent on Friday and will be immediately eligible to sign with any team for the major-league minimum ( with the option no longer part of the equation ) .
Ramirez , who got off to a torrid start in April before a May slump that ultimately played a major role in his release , has already been linked to a few clubs that could be in the market for a veteran bat .
Paul Sullivan of the Chicago Tribune argued that the White Sox should take a flier on Ramirez , while The Athletic 's Jim Bowden listed the Rockies , Indians and Twins as potential landing spots .
Ramirez , now 34 , will likely latch on with a club soon , likely by the end of next week . On the season , he 's hitting .254/.313/.395 with six homers in 44 games while seeing time at first base and designated hitter .
5 most expensive buys for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL auctions
Sunrisers Hyderabad are the defending champions
by Debdoot Das Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 17:56 IST
Sunrisers Hyderabad after winning the 2016 IPL
The Sunrisers Hyderabad were formed in 2012 as a result of the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) governing body terminating the contract of the Deccan Chargers . They , therefore , retained some 20 players for the 2013 edition of the tournament from the Charger 's squad and then brought in stars like Thisara Perera , Darren Sammy , Nathan McCullum , Quinton de Kock and Clint McKay to boost their squad further .
What was impressive was that the franchise made it to the playoffs in their very first edition of the tournament . But they lost the eliminator match against the now defunct Rajasthan Royals by 4 wickets .
The next two seasons , the Orange Army failed to get past the group stages and finished sixth both times . But in 2016 led by their captain David Warner the team bounced back in some style and took home the glittering trophy beating Royal Challenger 's Bangalore in the finals .
For the 2017 edition of the tourney , SRH have retained 17 players and released 6 from the previous season . Due to this effort , SRH Spent Rs.451 million ( US $ 6.7 million ) and kept a balance of Rs.209 million ( US $ 3.1 million ) .
However , surely the success would not have come their way if they did not spend the moolah . In this article , we will look at the five most expensive buys by the Sunrisers . We have not included top buys for Deccan Chargers whom the Sunrisers replaced .
# 5 Amit Mishra 47.5 million rupees ( US $ 710,125 )
Mishra for the Sunrisers
To boost their spin department Mishra was bought in the 2014 auction of the league . But during that period the legspinner was going through a rough patch and was not the fierce wicket-taker that he is usually .
Mishra , however , tried hard to impress the owners with his variations and skill set . But as luck would have it he only picked up 7 wickets in the edition from 10 outings . His average was 48.57 and had a high economy rate of 9.06 .
The team management was n't too impressed with his performances and decided to let him go in 2015 . His performance improved and he was lapped up by Delhi Daredevils once again .
After almost 40 years and 4,000 shows , Joe Keithley is still fighting the good fight against injustice .
The lead singer , guitarist , and sole remaining founding member of Vancouver punk icons D.O.A . will lead `` the godfathers of hardcore '' into The Boathouse in Kitchener Oct. 11 on the group 's `` Fight Back Tour , '' which the band 's Sudden Death Records website says is inspired by opposition to Donald Trump and `` the forces of evil '' who use racism as a political tool .
`` Forces of evil are always a good thing to fight back against , and Donald Trump happens to be one of the personifications of that at the moment , '' said the 61-year-old Keithley on the line from B.C . `` The reason why we 're doing that is because you have various leaders around the world , or so-called leaders , like Trump and many other countries in Europe or in Turkey and a lot of other places around the world , they 're using racism as a phobia to further their causes , and we think that it 's time for people with common sense to fight back against that . ''
Formed in Vancouver in 1978 by Keithley , bassist Randy Rampage , and drummer Chuck Biscuits ( Black Flag , Danzig ) , D.O.A . has since released 16 studio albums amid numerous lineup changes , and their substantial punk rock legacy includes coining the term `` hardcore '' on their second release , `` Hardcore '81 . '' The band — now featuring Mike Hodsall ( bass ) and Paddy Duddy ( drums ) alongside Keithley — are planning a new album to mark their 40th anniversary next year . Recent global events have given Keithley no shortage of material to write about .
`` There 's a lot of fodder for writing songs , it 's happening week by week around our world . The world 's getting obviously more complicated and a more turbulent place , so that 's giving me lots of ideas about songs , '' he said .
The group is also planning an 18-month world tour to celebrate their anniversary , covering North America , Europe , Southeast Asia , and Japan . Keithley , who studied to become a civil rights lawyer before forming D.O.A. , said the group 's tours of countries with repressive regimes in Europe in the '80s and more recent tours like their shows in China this summer , have shown how music can be a vehicle for freedom of expression in countries where basic human rights are not a given .
`` Artists will always find a way to put out what 's going on . You have to be artistic ; otherwise you end up being arrested , so it 's kind of a skill like that . There are lots of bands in China that are like that — they do n't love the system , it 's obvious . They 're freethinking people that want to live their lives , just like anybody else in the rest of the world . It 's pretty fascinating that , as much as the world is dissimilar , it can be pretty similar in places . People want to have rights and they want to have their say . ''
One of the band 's slogans is `` Talk Minus Action Equals Zero , '' a phrase that is the title of both their 2010 studio album and a 1991 live album . Besides the countless benefit concerts the band has played , Keithley has also taken political action by running as a candidate for the Green Party in B.C . a number of times , most recently in this year 's provincial election , where he placed third in the riding of Burnaby-Lougheed .
`` I guess I 've kind of been an informal politician in a sense my whole time in D.O.A . You know , D.O.A . 's given me a pretty good soapbox to get up and yell and scream and sing about what we think is wrong , '' he said . `` But in trying to enter formal politics , I guess it 'd be a way if I did get elected that I 'd be trying to change things from the inside not the outside . ''
When asked what keeps him going after almost four decades of punk rock activism , Keithley points to the band 's live show and relationship with their audience as primary factors .
Naples , December 11 - Police charged a group of people in Naples on Monday protesting against a visit by Premier Paolo Gentiloni on Monday to clear the area of the city 's Teatro Mercadante where he was speaking . Protestors shouted `` Out of Naples '' and hung a banner calling for `` work for all '' off a crane near to the theatre .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Person stabbed multiple times in Wilmington | 0:24 A person was hospitalized Friday morning after getting stabbed multiple times . 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 1 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Arrest made in portable toilet death | 0:32 Wilmington police say they have arrested and charged a Wilmington man in the stabbing death of a 31-year-old woman found in a park porta-potty earlier this week . William Bretzger/The News Journal 2 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Wilmington bank robbery suspect quickly apprehended | 0:28 Wilmington police quickly caught a person in connection to an armed robbery Monday afternoon in Wilmington . 10/3/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Fire set to Middletown home while family slept | 0:28 Two adults and five children were able to escape a Middletown house fire that was intentionally set Monday morning . 10/3/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Woman found stabbed to death inside park toilet | 0:24 A woman was found stabbed to death inside a portable toilet at Wilmington park Sunday morning . 10/02/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 5 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Woman stabbed in attempted carjacking in ShopRite parking lot | 0:43 A man was arrested for stabbing a 32-year-old woman in an attempted carjacking at a ShopRite in south Wilmington Wednesday evening . 9/28/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Newark murder suspect hospitalized after suicide attempt | 0:32 A suspect in Newark 's first murder since 2014 is in a New York City hospital after an apparent suicide attempt . 9/25/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 7 of 8 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST : DELAWARE CRIME Man arrested after attempting to kidnap children from day care | 0:46 A 47-year-old man faces charges he pushed and punched his way through a Christiana-area day care center in an attempt to kidnap two infants Friday morning , state police said . John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 8 of 8 Last VideoNext Video Person stabbed multiple times in Wilmington
Arrest made in portable toilet death
Wilmington bank robbery suspect quickly apprehended
Fire set to Middletown home while family slept
Woman found stabbed to death inside park toilet
Woman stabbed in attempted carjacking in ShopRite parking lot
Newark murder suspect hospitalized after suicide attempt
Man arrested after attempting to kidnap children from day care
Handcuffs ( Photo : Gettys Images/Stockphoto )
Three people were picked up in Maryland after police say they robbed a Middletown store Thursday afternoon .
Officers were called about 2:15 p.m. to the 301 Truck Plaza in the 900 block of Middletown Warwick Road in Middletown for the report of a robbery that had just occurred , said Middletown Police Chief Michael Iglio .
There , witnesses told police that three people had participated in robbing the store .
A woman , wearing a dark-colored hooded sweatshirt , dark pants , a ski mask , and gloves , entered the store , approached the clerk , and demanded money while threatening and implying that she had a gun , Iglio said .
DELAWARE 'S DEADLY CRISIS : Delaware shocked heroin took an addiction champion
CRIME : Video shows special needs student being beaten at Delaware high school
She then took an undetermined amount of money from the store while a man in a light-colored sweatshirt and light-colored pants stood outside the front entrance , Iglio said .
The third person remained in the driver 's seat of a silver Kia Forte parked outside , he said .
Middletown police alerted Maryland authorities to the vehicle and the people inside , Iglio said , and shortly after , the car was stopped in Elkton , Maryland by local police .
There , 26-year-old Amanda K. Hodgson , 29-year-old Bryant L. Brown , and 37-year-old David Logan were arrested .
Hodgson , of Wilmington , was charged with first-degree robbery , wearing a disguise during the commission of a felony , possession of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony and conspiracy .
Brown , of New Castle , was charged with first-degree robbery , wearing a disguise during the commission of a felony and conspiracy .
Logan , of Wilmington , was charged with Robbery 1st Degree and Conspiracy 2nd Degree .
All three are being held in Maryland awaiting extradition to Delaware .
Anyone with information in reference to this incident should contact Detective Julia Fabbroni with the Middletown Police Department at Julia.Fabbroni @ cj.state.de.us or ( 302 ) 376-9959 .
Contact Brittany Horn at ( 302 ) 324-2771 or bhorn @ delawareonline.com . Follow her on Twitter at @ brittanyhorn .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/police-three-middletown-robbers-picked-up-maryland/741089001/
© andriano / shutterstock.com
North Rhine-Westphalia 's ( NRW ) Minister of the Interior wants to ban knives 'as far as possible ' . Herbert Reul , the state 's Minister announced the measures after numerous stabbing incidents , Tag 24 reports . `` Wherever you can , you should ban the use of knives , '' Reul tells the Rheinische Post A knife attack in Lünen , a bloody murder in Viersen , there are stabbing incidents throughout the state . They are also becoming a dangerous problem for the police in NRW.Interior Minister Raul now wants to take action against knives . For the first time , there will be a weapons ban at Dortmund 's main station this weekend , due to increasing violence.From 6PM Friday to 7AM Saturday and from 6PM Saturday evening to 7AM Sunday morning , alarm pistols , knives of all kinds , as well as blow , shock and puncture weapons are prohibited.The Federal Police are reacting to the increasing violence in railway stations , as well . The union of police ( GdP ) had already suspected `` increasing knife attacks in this country '' .Hardly a day goes by without police reports of dangerous or even deadly knife attacks .
GREENHAM residents will not be asked to pay any more for the parish precept this year .
There were fears that Greenham Parish Council would raise the precept by 17.5 per cent to help repay a £150,000 loan needed to finish the troubled control tower project .
But there will be no increase at all after the council agreed its budget for 2017/18 at a recent meeting .
The parish council 's budget includes £20,000 for the Greenham Common Control Tower project , which has been hit by a series of delays and unexpected costs .
The council also agreed to transfer £41,500 to the control tower from its reserves of £99,479 in order to fund the continuation of the project and reduce any borrowing requirement .
Greenham Parish Council is currently in the process of applying for a £150,000 loan to help complete the project .
The news of the zero-per-cent increase to the precept will be welcomed by the parish 's taxpayers , after they were hit with an above-inflation 3.02-per-cent increase at the start of the 2016/17 financial year .
The hike was introduced as the spiralling costs of the control tower became clear .
Funding for West Berkshire Citizens Advice will also be doubled from £1,000 to £2,000 .
The council did , however , turn down West Berkshire Council 's request for £3,690 towards funding the district 's libraries .
This money will instead go towards the council clerk 's salary ( a position currently vacant ) , which has been increased from £20,659 to £25,689 .
Spending on office rent will be raised from £4,800 to £5,760 .
Speaking to the Newbury Weekly News , chairman of Greenham Parish Council Julian Swift-Hook said the budget was “ great news ” for parish residents .
He added : “ We 've been able to provide funding for the control tower project to move forward , pay for more hours for our clerk and cover the cost of keeping Greenham 's grit bins filled now that the West Berkshire Council is n't going to do that anymore .
“ We discussed the request from West Berkshire Council for libraries funding , and members concluded that it was more important to put extra money towards increased hours for our clerk .
“ I think this was the right decision for Greenham residents , especially as the parish grows and West Berkshire Council is passing more and more services down to parishes to manage .
“ Moreover , Greenham 's nearest library , in central Newbury , was n't threatened with closure . ”
Speaking about the increased funding for the control tower , he said : “ The cash put into the project from reserves has been sitting in the council 's bank earmarked for the project for more than a year .
“ Making it immediately available to spend , rather than just sitting on it , means that the new control tower committee can take steps to move the project forward right now , without waiting for any external funding decisions . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
His departure from Strictly Come Dancing has shocked fans .
But , for many , the writing has long been on the wall for fan favourite Brendan Cole - and the 41-year-old is among the first to admit it .
In fact , the father-of-one has recently opened-up about the bitter backstage tensions .
Since announcing the news on ITV 's Lorraine , he 's reflected on the dysfunction that often coloured his on-screen experience .
( Image : WireImage )
Most notably , his spat with new head judge Shirley Ballas — which first came under strain after Cole made a comment on the Strictly spin-off show , It Takes Two .
Specifically , he called her `` my dear '' , which others said was patronising .
At the time , Shirley said : “ He 's confrontational . Every other professional was extremely respectful . ”
( Image : BBC )
Speaking to the Daily Mail , yesterday , he said : `` I do n't know if that was handled the right way on air . If you disagree with somebody , which I did that particular day about the way she felt we danced the tango , you have the right to say what I did .
`` They 'd asked if we were going to try to impress Shirley and I said , she 'd have to try to impress us because we 'd been here for 15 series .
`` I apologised to her for that but I never received a response . The several times I 've had to speak to her I have always been polite but on those occasions I did n't get that back — I did n't get anything back actually . ''
( Image : BBC )
He added : `` If I could take that back I would . You ca n't even dip a toe on the other side within that world because it will be taken , it will be run with , and before long you 're in a s * * tstorm '' .
Not that he did n't have tensions with other people , of course . Brendan also had spats with Len Goodman and Craig Revel Horwood .
In 2010 , he told Len to “ go to Specsavers ” after he called his jive with Michelle Williams “ disappointing ” . “ You need to turn up , keep up and shut up , ” Len shot back .
Meanwhile , Craig did n't allow him on the Strictly Live Tour after a falling out years ago .
Brendan also failed to get on with partners like Lulu , who openly disliked him , while singer Anastasia claimed he injured her by pushing her too hard .
Yesterday , Brendan said : “ I 've always known this day would come . My passion is still very much there . I 'll miss being a Strictly dancer . ”
( Image : PA )
Putting a brave face on his newly open diary , he joked : “ I 'm available for weddings , funerals , bar mitzvahs… ”
The BBC posted a tweet earlier this week which said : `` We 'd like to thank Brendan Cole for being part of the show since the beginning - winner of the first series - and for the contribution he has made to its success .
`` We wish him all the very best for the future . ''
Repealing the Clean Power Plan without a timeline or a commitment to propose a rule to reduce carbon pollution `` is n't a step forward , it 's a wholesale retreat from EPA 's legal , scientific and moral obligation to address the threats of climate change , ' '' said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy .
While the Supreme Court has concluded that EPA is obligated to regulate greenhouse gases , `` this administration has no intention of following the law , '' said McCarthy , who led the EPA when the Clean Power Plan was completed . `` They are denying it just as they are denying the science . They 're using stall tactics to defer action , ignoring the courts and the demands of the American people . ''
Industry groups cheered the planned repeal , saying it would reverse regulatory overreach by Obama and McCarthy .
`` The Clean Power Plan represented an unlawful attempt to transform the nation 's power grid ... and raise costs on American consumers , '' said Hal Quinn , president and CEO of the National Mining Association .
The Obama-era plan would have sharply reduced the number of coal-fired plants , making the grid more vulnerable to reliability concerns and increasing costs with `` trivial environmental benefits , '' Quinn said .
The new plan will save an estimated 240 million tons of annual coal production and safeguard more than 27,000 mining jobs and almost 100,000 additional jobs throughout the supply chain , he said .
In the leaked document , the Trump administration argues that repealing the Clean Power Plan could spare an estimated $ 33 billion in compliance costs in 2030 , arguing that the Obama administration overstated the rule 's potential health benefits .
Previously , the EPA had estimated that by 2030 the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks and up to 3,600 premature deaths a year .
The leaked document casts doubts on those numbers and says the EPA plans to perform updated modeling and analysis of health benefits and other impacts of the rule .
Liz Perera , climate policy director for the Sierra Club , said repealing the Clean Power Plan `` is about one thing and one thing only : helping corporate polluters profit . ''
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News .
___
Reach Matthew Daly : http : //twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
By Matthew Daly , The Associated Press
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we 're following for today . 6/29/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo St. George 's and Roth Bridge spanning the C & D canal . ( Photo : GARY EMEIGH/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
A trooper responding to a call about a possibly-suicidal person on a bridge crashed with a Pennsylvania driver Tuesday night , according to state police .
The trooper was treated at Christiana Hospital after the crash for non-life threatening injuries , police said . The other driver was not hurt .
Police said the Troop 9 officer was responding to the Sen. William V. Roth Jr. Bridge around 6:30 p.m. for the call . The trooper was in a fully-marked state police Chevrolet Tahoe with lights and siren activated , police said .
ON THE ROAD
Man who jumped onto I-95 from overpass killed by truck
Recent Delaware police chases put scrutiny on pursuit policies
Police said the trooper was in the right northbound lane of U.S. 13 and was driving through the intersection with Pole Bridge Road south of Biddles Corner . The traffic light of U.S. 13 northbound was red , police said .
A 2007 Jeep Compass , driven by a 61-year-old man from Yeadon , Pennsylvania , was traveling westbound on Pole Bridge Road approaching the intersection with U.S. 13 . The traffic light for westbound Pole Bridge Road had just cycled to yellow when the Jeep drove into the intersection with the intent to continue westbound onto Boyds Corner Road , police said .
As both vehicles entered the intersection , the front end of the Jeep struck the right , rear side of the Tahoe , police said .
After the collision the Tahoe came to rest on the southbound side of the intersection . The Jeep came to rest on the southbound side of the intersection .
Impairment is not a factor on behalf of either driver , police said .
Police said the area around the bridge was checked in reference to a suicidal person , but no one was located .
Both the U.S. 13 northbound and southbound lanes were restricted to a single lane as the crash was investigated and cleared .
The investigation is ongoing with further details being released as they become available .
Contact Adam Duvernay at ( 302 ) 319-1855 or aduvernay @ delawareonline.com
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/07/04/trooper-hurt-tuesday-night-crash-while-responding-call/757773002/
BANGKOK — “ Anywhere they play in Bangkok , I 'll be there , ” said Warin Nithihiranyakul , 73 , a dedicated fan of the Sai Yong Hong Chinese Opera troupe for more than 10 years .
While waiting for his friends to arrive , he helps out by starting to set up plastic red chairs for the audience to watch the evening 's performance in an area just south of Bangkok 's Chinatown .
A devotee of 11 years , Wandee Tengyodwanich , 62 , unwraps several small plates of Chinese dough sticks and cake , passing them around to her friends in front of the stage before the show . She says Sai Yong Hong is the best Chinese opera in Thailand because it invests in elaborate costumes . She and her friends go to see the group a couple times a year . They eat and catch up as they reminisce about the first time they saw Chinese opera as children .
They are part of a shrinking community of people that has formed around Chinese opera in Thailand . They are preserving a cornerstone of culture and heritage dating to the seventh-century Tang Dynasty ( 618 to 907 ) , making it one of the oldest dramatic art forms in the world .
Like so much of Chinese opera throughout the world , the performances are a product of a large Chinese diaspora . Sai Yong Hong is one of about 20 Chinese opera troupes in Thailand . The audience consists mostly of older Thai-Chinese adults , some of whom take their grandchildren to connect with a cultural memory that has been passed down for generations .
Chinese migration to Thailand can be traced to the 13th century , according to the Minority Rights Group . Today about 14 percent of the population is ethnically Chinese , according to World Population Review , making Thailand the home of one of the world 's largest Chinese communities outside China .
On a recent afternoon , actors had spent two hours applying layers of makeup backstage , transforming into gods and goddesses , heroes and villains from Chinese folklore and mythology .
About 7:30 p.m. , the actors and actresses of Sai Yong Hong took the stage and the performance began .
The performance mixes elements of martial arts , singing and dancing , accompanied by music played on traditional Chinese instruments like the hammered dulcimer and the four-stringed pipa . Their scripts are primarily based on Chinese folk stories , but some are adaptations of Indian movies . They are delivered in Teochew , a dialect originating in Southern China .
The show sends the sound of cymbals crashing through the night , echoing through the courtyard until the performances wind down , around midnight .
Sai Yong Hong is one of the best-known troupes in Thailand . It has 34 actors , five of whom are from China and the rest from Thailand , and , on that night , about 60 people attended the performance . The manager , Tatchai Obthong , 52 , said that when he was younger a troupe would have about 100 actors and the crowds were much larger .
“ I did n't like it — it was loud and scary , ” he said of the first time he saw a Chinese opera as a child . Tatchai , who is Chinese and Thai , has been in the industry since he was 7 . His mother had left his father and was struggling with a gambling addiction . Having fallen on hard times , she took Obthong , a childhood fan of martial arts movies , to see a Chinese opera performance .
At the end of the night his mother told him that he was going to stay with the troupe . “ I was sold by mother for 6,000 bath , ” or about $ 190 , he said .
He remembers that it was hard for him to adapt because he was n't allowed to speak Thai and had to learn Teochew , but he quickly realized that to survive he had to learn the craft and the language . He began by serving as a roadie and eventually went to work with a Chinese opera company in Singapore , where he learned more about the performance aspect , before returning to Thailand , where he has worked for the past 12 years .
Performances are free — they are commissioned by shrines in Bangkok and sometimes around the country . “ We do n't perform for people , we perform for the gods , ” Tatchai said . They transport the stage with a six-wheel truck and assemble it at each location where they perform . The whole troupe gets paid 20,000 bath ( about $ 640 ) per night .
For many of the actors , the stage is home . “ Now it 's a high season , so we travel together all the time , ” Tatchai said . After the show , some will sleep under the stage or set up tents nearby .
One performer , Somsak Saetae , 62 , has been an actor with the group for more than 10 years . He has been in the industry since he was 8 and has seen its evolution . “ In the past , women could n't set foot on the Chinese opera stage , and all the performers were men , ” he said . “ Women could not even touch the shrine , only men were allowed ; now the whole industry has changed . ”
Today even some of the male roles are played by women , like Malee Saewong , 53 , who has been part of this troupe for only four years but has acted in other troupes since she was 14 . “ I am old now so I get to play male characters , but it 's easier because you do n't have to deal with doing your hair , ” she said .
Prasong Piewnen , 56 , is the group 's cook and cares for her sleeping grandson after the show . Her husband is a musician and her daughter an actress in the troupe . Prasong said she was used to this way of life . “ If I stay at home , it 's just too quiet , ” she said .
As the community ages and audiences dwindle , there is a fear that the art will die out . Performers face uncertain futures . Somsak said he wanted to continue performing as long as he could . “ In this industry , when you retire you just simply say to the gods , ‘ You know I 'm getting old now , please protect me until the end , ' ” he said .
Tatchai has seen the changes as well , and he said he thought the industry would continue to get smaller but would not go away .
“ As long as Chinese shrines exist and people continue praying , ” he said , “ the Chinese opera will be here . ”
This article originally appeared in The New York Times .
MALIN FEZEHAI © 2018 The New York Times
The State University of New York will offer in-state tuition to students from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to a resolution passed unanimously Friday morning .
SUNY officials convened a special executive committee meeting to amend its residency requirement for students to attend one if its public campuses for the 2017-18 academic year .
The move would reduce tuition by about $ 10,000 for current and new students hailing from those U.S. territories impacted by Hurricanes Maria and Irma last month .
“ When called upon , SUNY acts — and acts quickly , ” said H. Carl McCall , chairman of the 18-member SUNY board . “ It will lessen the burden on these families as they rebuild their lives . ”
Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo this week called on officials in both public college systems — SUNY and CUNY — to offer in-state tuition to the residents of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands , ravaged by the two major hurricanes last month .
“ This action will alleviate a huge burden for these families as they try to repair and rebuild their lives . This is a major step forward for these communities , and demonstrates that amidst the devastation , New York will continue to ensure the bright light of opportunity shines on everyone , ” Cuomo said in a statement this week .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Officials with the governor 's office said 1.1 million Puerto Ricans are living in New York .
In-state tuition for a full-time student at a SUNY four-year college is $ 6,670 ; for an out-of-state student it is $ 16,320 .
In-state tuition for a full-time student at a CUNY four-year college , the tuition is $ 6,530 per year ; for an out-of-state student it is $ 17,400 per year .
SUNY has a current enrollment of about 600,000 . CUNY has an enrollment of about 300,000 .
About 215 students from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are currently enrolled in SUNY , McCall said .
SUNY officials took similar action in 2010 to support students impacted by the earthquake in Haiti and in 2005 after Hurricane Katrina , officials said .
Check back for updates on this developing story .
Adriana Lima has clarified that she is not leaving Victoria 's Secret , despite the now-viral Instagram she shared yesterday , in which she stated : `` I will not take of my clothes anymore for a [ sic ] empty cause . '' Fans of the VS Angel wondered if Lima was hinting at retiring from the lingerie brand , but a spokesperson for the model promptly shut those rumors down .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` As Adriana mentioned in her post she received a recent offer where she was not aligned with the direction , '' a rep for Lima told People . `` Adriana is blessed to be able to work with all of the brands she does including Victoria 's Secret . ''
It turns out , working with Victoria 's Secret was not the `` empty cause '' she was referring to . Instead , Lima meant to send `` a message of female empowerment '' with the Instagram post , People reports .
The 36-year-old model has a long history with the brand , after making her VS Fashion Show debut in 1999 . Just last month , she walked her 18th show with the label in Shanghai , proving she 's a true VSFS runway veteran and mentor for VS rookies .
Lima walking the 2017 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai in November Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Even though her fellow seasoned VS Angel , Alessandra Ambrosio , hung up her wings after this year 's show , Lima assured she 's not quitting anytime soon . She plans to walk at least two more shows before retiring .
`` I plan to be at 20 . Two more years . Maybe more , I do n't know , '' Lima told People last month . `` It 's nature . I 'm working out , I 'm being healthy , so let 's see how the body is going to turn out . But I enjoy it . So let 's say 20 . ''
Congratulations !
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol might not have an arena ( let 's not get into that ) but this summer the city is welcoming a series of large-scale concerts featuring some huge acts .
The Skyline Series will take place at St Philips Gate , a warehouse near Motion nightclub which is in the process of being converted into a large outdoor music venue , to host major acts covering a wide spectrum of genres .
Taking place from June through to September , the series includes the likes of Future Islands , James Arthur , Texas , Echo and The Bunnymen and many more , ensuring there 's something for everyone .
And as if that was n't already exciting enough , organisers have now announced the support acts for each of the dates , and there are some very exciting artists among them .
( Image : Amy Brammall/IPC Media/NME )
Supporting Future Islands on July 20 will be Swedish electro-pop band Little Dragon while on August 24 , JP Cooper and Nina Nesbitt will join James Arthur for an unforgettable evening of live music .
The Vamps meanwhile will be supported by Becky Hill , influencer and YouTube sensation Jack Maynard and label mates New Hope Club .
On August 31 , Texas and Imelda May are joined by country superstars Ward Thomas , alt-rockers Garbage will be supported by Glasgow 's own Honeyblood on September 7 and on September 9 , headliners The They will be joined by the Mercury Prize nominees Field Music .
One of the event organisers , Mark Dennis of The MJR Group , said : “ We 're delighted to be bringing such a fantastic array of critically acclaimed artists to Bristol and look forward to hosting them in a unique open-air venue space in the city centre .
“ You can now see your favourite artists , basking in the summer 's glorious sunshine - hopefully - without the need for an expensive weekend festival ticket or travelling miles away to a muddy festival site .
“ We are honoured and humbled to add further to the innovative and artistic hub that is Bristol . Being based here , we already have great relationships with the business and creative community and look forward to what the future will bring . ”
To compliment the array of musical talent , each night will feature a fantastic food village with plenty of local suppliers on hand to meet ticket holders ' culinary needs .
The full series is as follows :
June 22
Echo And The Bunnymen , The Jesus And Mary Chain , Peter Hook & The Light
June 23
UB40
July 20
Future Islands , Little Dragon
August 3
Bristol Ska & Mod Festival w/From The Jam , The Beat ft Ranking Roger
and The Selector
August 24
James Arthur , JP Cooper , Nina Nesbitt
August 26
The Vamps , Becky Hill , Jack Maynard , New Hope Club
August 31
Texas & Imelda May , Ward Thomas
September 7
Garbage , Honeyblood
September 9
The The , Field Music
Tickets are priced from £27.50 and are available on Skyline 's website .
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall , The Daily Coin . Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market , economic and monetary policies , preparedness as well as geopolitical events . His articles have been published by Zerohedge , SHTFPlan , Sprott Money , GoldSilver , Silver Doctors , SGTReport , and a great many more . Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014 . He has interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts , Dr. Marc Faber , Eric Sprott , Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff , to name but a few . Do n't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic , precious metals , geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world .
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released her new single , “ Free 99 , ” she 's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of her Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney , Chris Young and Kip Moore . After a busy 2016 , the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what 's to come .
“ 2017 looks so fun , ” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily . “ I 'm so excited , we 're booking a bunch of shows right now . I love traveling . We 're playing Stagecoach [ Festival ] this year , which is a dream come true for me . I love California . I 'm a cowgirl at heart . So we 're doing that , then I 'm releasing an EP . Just new music and lots of performing . ”
With 2017 in full swing , NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about her and to find out a few of her favorite things .
Favorite color ?
Blue .
Favorite ice cream ?
Chocolate chip cookie dough .
Favorite flower ?
Tulip . No lily .
Favorite song ?
Right now , I love to listen to Jon Bellion .
Favorite movie ?
The Holiday .
Favorite item of clothing ?
Yoga pants .
Favorite drink ?
Margarita .
Favorite food ?
Mexican food .
Favorite actor/actress ?
Julia Roberts .
Favorite board game ?
Cards Against Humanity . Fave .
Favorite number ?
Eight .
Favorite day of the week ?
Sunday .
Favorite season ?
Summer .
Favorite sport ?
Football , just because of nachos .
Favorite scent ?
Whatever lotion I 'm wearing . Rose something .
A LUCKY handful of people will have the opportunity soon to visit one of the most extraordinary and remote lighthouses in Australia when helicopter tours of South Solitary Island resume for only two weekends in early August .
The tours are immensely popular but because of the combination of remoteness , weather and the timing of seabird nesting seasons they are only conducted in the first two weekends in August in what is now a decade long partnership between the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service ( NPWS ) and Precision Helicopters at Coffs Harbour .
NPWS Area Manager , Glenn Storrie , said it 's a tour of the past as well as the present .
`` It 's just an amazing way to see the island , flying in from the mainland and once you 've arrived a tour of this rocky outcrop will confirm just how hard it would have been to construct a lighthouse and the associated keeper 's quarters .
Photos View Photo Gallery
`` The tour will also take you back in time to when families lived here as permanent residents . It 's a lifestyle that existed for more than a century and which does not exist anymore since the light station complex became automated and more recently the advent of GPS technology , '' Mr Storrie said .
South Solitary Island helicopter tours return this August . Contributed
Former island resident , Peter Ross , whose childhood was spent exploring the nooks and crannies of this ocean outpost with his siblings said of the tours that , `` it really is a very special opportunity to see first hand just what it was like to work and live as a family in such an extraordinary place . ''
`` We had a pump-fed seawater pool , a volleyball net strung up in the head keeper 's cottage courtyard and regular games of cricket with Mum as umpire . We turned our Hills Hoist into a roundabout and built our own set of swings . ''
`` My brothers and I constructed billy carts that we used to tear down the concrete slope towards the gantry . The carts were made using whatever we could lay our hands on ; mower wheels to start with and eventually we got some pram wheels . That made the ride a little smoother . ''
CWA 0912 readers pic . South Solitary Island . Michael Woltschenko
`` Mum would blow a whistle to call us back for dinner . If we did n't hear it or were late returning , it was on us . It taught us to be alert , to be responsible and to look out for each other , '' he said .
If you 've ever imagined what it would be like to live on a tiny island and would like to hear a firsthand account of the experience , then do n't miss your chance to meet Peter and other ex-residents on South Solitary Island this August .
Tours operate between Saturday 4 and Sunday 12 August 2018 . For more information and tour bookings contact Precision Helicopters , on 6652 9988 or email : precisionhelis @ bigpond.com or click here .
Ronald Klain : “ This is the vice-presidential prisoner 's dilemma : There is no distance he can achieve , no political support he can muster , no congressional chits he can collect , no donor base he can assemble that can survive the fallout from a failed presidency . A vice president is either implicated as being in the loop or looks foolish if he insists that he was out of it . There 's too much video of any vice president praising , promoting and partnering with his boss to say , ‘ President who ? ' ”
“ A vice president 's record behind the scenes in the administration is , by definition , obscure to voters . As a result , for better or worse , a vice president must run on the president 's record : If Trump 's record is bad enough to prevent him from running in 2020 , it will flatten Pence as well . ”
“ If Pence seeks the presidency in 2020 because Trump has been forced out of office , or pressured not to run for reelection due to unpopularity , he will suffer the same fate as Hubert Humphrey in 1968 , Ford in 1976 , Walter Mondale in 1984 and Dan Quayle in 2000 : defeat . Nothing Pence is doing now will break him out of a political imprisonment of his own creation . ”
Smithers Council is considering building a gathering shelter on property originally purchased for affordable housing .
Mayor Taylor Bachrach says they do n't have any current proposals for affordable housing on the property on the corner of Railway Ave. and Queen St .
Council still has to decide on a location for the semi-portable outdoor wood-frame structure . The idea behind the structure is to mitigate some of the poor behaviour happening at Bovill Square and downtown . The cost of the structure would come in at $ 20,000 .
“ It 's also something that could be integrated into a future housing project . We have n't looked that far down the road , ” says Bachrach .
The town has set aside some land on the LB Warner property at Main Street and 10th Ave. for an affordable housing development . The Smithers Community Services Association are planning to build and rent 15 , two-bedroom units costing an estimated 3 to 5 million dollars . The province is expected to cover 20 per cent of the cost .
The town has yet to work out a final land use agreement for the proposed location . The SCSA has indicated they 're ready with funding to move forward .
A collection of 100 blankets donated to the Hope Centre by the Niagara South Insurance Brokers Association will go a long way , says the shelter 's executive director Mark Carl .
Every year , under the umbrella of its provincial association , the group of region-based brokers supports a different cause . A donation was made following a recent meeting at Mr. Mike 's Steakhouse Casual .
Blankets are always the items handed to an organization , said past-president Scott Maskell .
In 2017 , local firefighters were the recipients of the group 's charity efforts .
`` It 's about picking people up and helping them — and they get good use of the blankets , '' he said .
Carl , from the Hope Centre , said the contribution is `` very kind '' and greatly needed at the Welland shelter that puts a roof over the heads of an average of 50 people per night .
He said the donated blankets are helpful for individuals staying overnight , but also when they re-enter society to live on their own and find employment .
`` When people move out to their first apartment , stuff like this can be very expensive , '' said Carl , also pointing out that hygiene products are graciously accepted by the organization .
`` It all has an impact on their success , '' he said .
The Hope Centre is a community-based agency in Welland that provides service to vulnerable citizens in a time of need with food and housing , also empowering change in their lives through counselling and training .
TORONTO — Raptors president Masai Ujiri made a plea for Torontonians to come together and support one another in the wake of the horrific van attack that killed 10 and left 15 injured .
Ujiri addressed the media after practice Tuesday , urging people not to be afraid and asking them `` to believe in our city . ''
Ujiri , a native of Nigeria , says he brags about Toronto everywhere he goes , calling it the safest place and the best city in the world . That will not change , he said .
He said Toronto 's strength is its diversity .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As beauty aficionados all know , there 's one hair care brand that rules them all when it comes to shampoo and conditioner : Aussie .
So shoppers every where are getting very excited over the announcement that bottles of the popular shampoo and conditioner are currently on sale for £1 at Poundworld .
The deal was only unveiled mere hours ago on the discount store 's Facebook page , with Poundworld 's bottles selling for a quarter of the price of its rivals .
( Image : Poundworld )
Elsewhere on the high street , exactly the same bottles of the coveted shampoo are being sold for around the £3 mark , making Poundworld 's offering the cheapest price in the market by far .
When comparing the Miracle Moist conditioner for example , usually cheap Wilko have the same size bottles priced from £3 .
Meanwhile at Boots , it 's a whopping £4.19 per 250ml bottle , or a not-so-bargainous three for £10 . At Superdrug , it 's also £4.19 , or two for £7 , and a still-pricey £4 at Waitrose .
The big difference between them however is that you ca n't pick up Poundworld 's bargain online . A sad prospect considering that the one pound retailer also noted that this is a limited time offer , with only a select amount of stock .
We 've been in touch with Poundworld to see if they can tell us how much stock is being sold on the cheap , seeing as their Facebook post states that the products are already on shelves .
Their post read : `` WOW ! Look what 's in store at the moment , Aussie Conditioner ( 250ml ) for ONLY £1 . This costs a WHOPPING £4.50 in one of the supermarkets at the minute ! Hurry , when it 's gone , it 's gone ! ''
We can only hope all the rest of the high street follow suit ...
OKLAHOMA CITY — After a roller-coaster of emotions surrounding his return to Oklahoma City , Kevin Durant was glad to come out with a win and move on .
Durant scored 34 points while being booed throughout the night , and the Golden State Warriors beat the Thunder 130-114 in a chippy game on Saturday night .
It was Durant 's first game back since he left the Thunder after eight seasons in Oklahoma City to join the rival Warriors as a free agent last summer . The crowd jeered him loudly during pregame warmups , starter introductions and whenever he touched the ball .
“ Basketball is fun in general , especially in an environment like this , ” Durant said . “ The crowd was amazing . They were loud — as loud as I 've ever heard them . ”
Russell Westbrook did it all for the Thunder with 47 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists . In the end , Golden State 's depth and balance were too much . Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson both scored 26 points for the Warriors .
Emotions ran high throughout the game . At one point in the third quarter , Durant and Westbrook yelled at each other as they walked toward their benches during a timeout .
Westbrook said too much attention has been paid to his relationship with Durant .
“ I do think it does n't make sense , ” Westbrook said . “ It 's over with . He plays for his team , I play with my team . Let him do his thing , I do my thing , and that 's it , plain and simple . ”
Later in the third quarter , Oklahoma City 's Andre Roberson fouled Durant hard , and the two got in each other 's faces and were called for technical fouls .
“ It 's part of the game and I respect that , ” Durant said . “ We should have just kept playing . I do n't even think they should have reviewed anything . It 's a part of it . Hard fouls , ( expletive ) talking — all that stuff is just a part of the game . That 's what makes it fun for us . ”
Oklahoma City kept it close early , but the Warriors gained their footing late in the first quarter . Golden State made 16 of 22 field goals in the second quarter , and Durant 's dunk with four seconds left in the first half gave the Warriors a 73-50 lead at the break . The 43 points by the Warriors in the second quarter were a season high .
The Thunder cut Golden State 's lead to 12 in the fourth quarter before Westbrook checked back in , but the Thunder could n't cut the deficit further , and Durant punctuated his dominant performance with a 3-pointer over Westbrook that put the Warriors up 123-104 with 3:39 to play .
Tip ins
Warriors : C Zaza Pachulia sat out with a right rotator cuff strain and F David West missed the game with a fractured left thumb . … It was Golden State 's third convincing win over the Thunder in three meetings this season . The Warriors won the first two meetings by 26 and 21 points in Oakland . … F Andre Iguodala was called for a technical foul in the third quarter during the altercation between Durant and Roberson .
Thunder : Westbrook had 21 points and nine rebounds in the first half . … Westbrook usually rests at the end of the third quarter , but this time , he played the whole period and dunked in the closing seconds . … Victor Oladipo scored 20 points . … Westbrook committed 11 turnovers . … Roberson had 11 rebounds .
Statistic lines
Durant has averaged 37.7 points and shot 65.6 percent from the field in Golden State 's three wins over Oklahoma City this season .
Quotable
Warriors coach Steve Kerr on how Durant handled the crowd : “ I thought he was great . What a weird position to be in . I do n't think any of us can even imagine what he was thinking out there . ”
General News of Tuesday , 24 April 2018
Source : citinewsroom.com
Deaths have been recorded at galamsey sites despite governments ban on illegal mining activities
A 23-year-old illegal miner has drowned in a pit after he went in search of gold near the Offin River in the Atwima Mponua District of the Ashanti Region .
According to reports , Abu Ibrahim went with his colleague to mine in the pit connected to the River near Amadaa , and got drowned at about 6:00pm on Monday .
Assembly Member for Nkrumah-Bentinko Electoral area , Martin Prempeh , who confirmed the incident to Citi News , said opinion leaders in the area are performing some rituals before the divers will be able to recover the body from the river .
“ Yesterday [ Monday ] , around 6 o'clock in the evening , I had information that one guy had drowned in a river so I went to a town called Amadaa to verify whether it is true or not . Two boys went there to do some mining so it was during the operation that this unfortunate incident happened . ”
Similar incidents have been recorded in other parts of the country in recent times .
In March 2018 , two pupils of the Methodist Primary School at Akyem Takorase in the Denkyembuor District of the Eastern Region lost their lives when they went swimming in an abandoned galamsey pit .
The deceased pupils , Kwaku Bright and Jonas Aryeetey , both under age eight , went with a third person , Francis Dzifa to swim in the pit located in an area called Jobs Crama .
Although government 's ban on all forms of small scale mining remains , some persons outwit members of the anti-illegal mining task-force Operation Vanguard to mine illegally .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sadio Mane and Mo Salah have been crucial to Liverpool 's success this season .
Chelsea flop Salah has scored 26 goals in all competitions while Mane has weighed in with nine .
And former Kop star Danny Murphy believes he knows the secret to the pair 's success .
“ What Salah and Mane do , and I 've watched them several times this season , is they are partly brilliant when they attack because they cheat a bit , ” he told Sky Sports ' The Debate .
( Image : REUTERS )
“ They do n't track full-back really that often and when Liverpool break out they break with pace .
“ Those two particularly with their pace against Tottenham 's full-backs could be a problem .
“ If Pochettino plays four at the back at Anfield and goes for Liverpool they are going to be in trouble .
( Image : John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
“ If he plays five at the back it 's different because you 'll have Mane and Salah running onto three and not running in behind full-backs . ''
Liverpool takes on Tottenham on Sunday as they bid to keep the pressure on second-place Manchester United .
( Go Nakamura via AP ) . In this Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 photo , responders work with victims at the scene where a man identified by police as James Alex Fields Jr. , plowed a car into a crowd of people who had gathered to protest a white supremacist rally ...
In response to the attack in Charlottesville , Virginia this weekend , an event is taking place in Rochester aimed at standing up to racism .
The event `` Stand against racism '' will take place at Christ United Methodist Church at 7:30 p.m. on Aug. 15 .
The church wants to show the world people will not stand for white supremacy or violence .
by Harvey Shepherd
In 21 years as executive director of the Auberge Shalom pour femmes , Diane Sasson did much to transform the mission of the centre and public understanding of conjugal violence from a narrow focus on physical violence to something broader and deeper . Sasson retired early this year .
Auberge Shalom was founded in 1989 by the Montreal section of the National Council of Jewish Women in the aftermath of the killing in Dollard-des-Ormeaux of Donna Kertzer Rose , whose commitment to traditional Jewish values is thought to have deterred her from seeking help from existing agencies .
For her efforts and those of the centre on behalf of abused women of diverse cultures and religions , Sasson was one of seven people or groups whom the YMCAs of Quebec honoured with Peace Medals on September 21 , an International Day of Peace , as “ exceptional people who are making our society more peaceful . ”
In the words of the YMCA : “ For the last 21 years , Diane Sasson has been at the helm of the Auberge Shalom as it transitioned from a shelter for women who are victims of domestic violence to a centre offering a range of programs that aim to stop the intergenerational cycle of abuse and to heal wounds that violence has inflicted on children , women , families and communities .
Diane Sasson has also worked closely with governments , public and para-public agencies , the police force , media , religious communities and many other groups and organizations to raise awareness and educate people about the impact of domestic violence on women and children . ”
The centre keeps the location of its shelter and an associated counselling centre confidential . The postal address is a box in the Snowdon post office . The website has a special icon you can click to exit quickly if your abuser is about to enter the room . The shelter helps arrange other resources for women who live nearby ,
considering a chance encounter with an acquaintance or even an abuser to be too high a risk .
The shelter and its four counselling staff remain a key part of the Auberge Shalom . The shelter , which takes in about 80 women and their children a year ( 67 women and 43 children in the year ended last March 31 ) . The average stay is 36 days .
Most of the the women were referred by SOS Violence Conjugal , an umbrella hotline , or other agencies . Nine women last year found the centre themselves , perhaps with the help of its website aubergeshalom.org or hotline 514-731-0833 . Fifteen of the women eventually went back to the men they fled , while five were still in the Auberge on March 31 . The other 38 found alternative housing .
“ Violence can be emotional , physical , psychological , sexual , financial . A victim can be put down , isolated , insulted and trapped , ” Sasson said . “ Over 20 years we have developed different services to help women go ahead from being put down with no self-esteem . At first they just need justice but farther down the road they need to move to a new concept . ”
The newer focus is reflected by a counselling centre , with four counsellors , that opened at its confidential location in 2002 , seven years after Sasson arrived . In the year ended last March it counselled 106 women and 23 children , including 21 women and seven children who had been in the shelter . Forty-seven of the women were born outside Canada in any of 26 countries , although by the time they came to the counselling service all but about 20 were among the 85 Canadian citizens counselled over the year . Ninety-three of those counselled were Anglophones and five Francophones and the other eight had other first languages .
The origins of Auberge Shalom and its roots in the Jewish community have a big , but subtle , effect on it , even though only a minority of those who seek its help are Jewish .
Jewish women represent 20 per cent of the residents of the shelter and 40 per cent of the clients for counselling , Sasson said , although most of the residents of the shelter were Jewish at the time she retired .
Sasson said there is a strongly observant counsellor on the staff who pays special attention to issues facing Jewish clients , including those with strong religious commitment .
The counsellor works to build trust with rabbis and other orthodox community leaders , who are often inclined to think family difficulties should be ironed out within the community . Sasson said this is something traditional Jewish communities have in common with other traditional religious and ethnic communities , also represented among the women served by the centre .
But she said the actual abuse reported by Jewish women is similar to that reported by other women . She said the same is true of Muslim women . But religious
traditions in general have no monopoly on abuse ; the stories of secular women abused by secular partners can also be harrowing .
Rabbi Michael Whitman of the Hampstead Orthodox synagogue Adath Israel advises the centre on questions regarding Judaism . Among other things , he helps oversee the kashrut of the home ( the regulations regarding kosher food ) . All food at the shelter , for residents whether they are Jewish or not , is kosher . He also is available for residents and other clients interested in obtaining a “ get , ” the religiously required consent of the husband to divorce required if a woman is to
remarry within Orthodox Judaism .
Sasson 's term as executive director was also marked by the development of counselling services for the children of shelter residents , to ward off the danger that what they had seen could lead to the girls ' becoming victims and the boys ' becoming abusers in later life .
In her last message in the Auberge Shalom annual report , Sasson said the centre had set out some priorities including adjusting clinical services to serve more diverse needs , such as a new support group for adults who witnessed conjugal violence as children .
“ We have dreamt of where we want to go and of what we want to accomplish with the ultimate goal of offering our support and care to all women and children who have made the courageous choice to end the violence in their lives , ” Sasson said .
ON SHOW : Noosa District High School Pomona campus students and staff at the A Plethora of Flux art exhibition at Cooroy Butter Factory Arts .
ON SHOW : Noosa District High School Pomona campus students and staff at the A Plethora of Flux art exhibition at Cooroy Butter Factory Arts . Alan Lander
IN THESE times of stressful Naplan focusing , it 's surely gratifying to see schools also working hard to develop students ' individual creativity .
As the age of information rapidly expands , while paradoxically the world gets smaller , kids are bombarded with more messages than ever about life and issues around them , and a chance to express a reaction to all that must be beneficial .
And so the visual arts department at the Pomona campus of Noosa District High School has chosen to expand its art exhibition program to include Years 7 , 8 and 9 for the first time , where once it was was the sole province of the upper years .
The exhibition , A Plethora of Flux , is the brainchild of teacher Rebecca Cullen and fellow visual arts teachers , and opened for public viewing at the Cooroy Butter Factory arts centre on Wednesday .
`` It 's about furthering creativity for younger students , ” Ms Cullen said .
`` Previously only senior students had an art exhibition - Years 11 and 12 . ”
`` It 's experimental for the students , ” teacher Tania Matthews said .
`` They learn the process , and we explain the concept of social commentary .
`` Lots of the students are very fresh to this , ” she said .
`` Some are not even sure of what it 's like to have your work hung in an exhibition . ”
Two hundred works were put forward for selection to the exhibition , contributed by about 160 students , some having more than one piece under consideration .
The range of mediums employed included watercolours , collage , acrylic , print , digital , and virtual .
On Wednesday afternoon , the selected exhibits were opened up for students , parents , staff and friends to view at the Butter Factory , and will remain hanging at the centre until October 10 . The items are not for sale .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Is there anything better than enjoying the DC skyline from a rooftop ? Perhaps enjoying the skyline with a glass of Champagne in your hand . BLT Steak 's inaugural Wines Over Washington is a five-part monthly series that began in June and runs through October . From 6-8 p.m. on select Thursdays , attendees can enjoy the newly renovated rooftop while sipping select wines from rotating beverage partners and nibbling on tasty passed hors d'oeuvres . Previous features have included iconic Champagne houses Ruinart , Tattinger and Perrier-Jouët , as well as Napa Valley 's Silverado Vineyard .
September 's installment will include select wines from Lanterna Distributors , such as an extra-dry Prosecco that 's a favorite of BLT Steak 's sommelier Jamie Stevens . In preparation for the cooler fall evenings , the October installment will feature wines from the famous Australian winery , Penfolds . The rooftop event is casual but sophisticated , and feels like the perfect way to wind down your workweek .
Tickets are $ 65 per person and the final dates for the series are Thursday , September 14 and Thursday , October 12 . For tickets , email beau @ bltsteak.com or call 202-689-8999 . For more information , visit here .
BLT Steak : 1625 I St. NW , DC ; www.bltrestaurants.com
Five Breakthrough Performances in Women 's Tennis in 2016
Here are some players who thoroughly impressed us in the 2016 season and could fire this year .
@ VatsalTolasaria by Vatsal Tolasaria Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017 , 10:25 IST
Despite being marred by the absence of the banned Maria Sharapova , the 2016 WTA season managed to spring in enough surprises to keep tennis fans hooked . For the first time since February 2013 , someone managed to replace Serena Williams from the top of the WTA rankings .
A relatively unknown player from Puerto Rico won the Olympic Singles Gold Medal from literally out of nowhere . Let us take a look at the performances of these players in detail , and also of a few others who managed to make big breakthroughs this season -
1 ) Angelique Kerber
Kerber won two Grand Slams of three finals this year , dethroning Serena Williams as No . 1
The 28-year old from Germany has been plying her trade on the WTA Tour since 2003 . Angelique Kerber is a prime example of where hard work , determination , and focus can take you . The southpaw has no major weapon in her game , apart from being able to run down balls all day long , counter-punching , and hoping that her opponent would miss .
The fact she 's been able to achieve what she has stands proof to her supreme levels of fitness , both physical and mental .
Kerber started her year on a good note , reaching the final of the Brisbane International . Matches under her belt helped her to come back from being a match point down in the first round of the Australian Open , to beating Serena Williams in the final .
It was truly a fairytale run for Kerber , which made her the first German to win a Grand Slam since Steffi Graff in 1999 . People wrote her off as a `` one-hit wonder '' when she was knocked out in the first round of the French Open , but Kerber went on to prove them wrong .
Tennis is a very much a mental game , and Kerber had struggled in that aspect for a long time . But the numerous conversations she had with Graf began to bear fruit for her during this part of the season .
Kerber came back with a bang at Wimbledon , losing in the final to Serena Williams .
At the Rio Olympics , Kerber further asserted her increasing stature , bringing home a silver medal for Germany . After reaching the finals of the US Open , Kerber assured herself of being no . 1 the following week . Instead of being distracted by the news , Kerber kept her composure to see off the challenge of Karolina Pliskova in the final , leading herself to a second Grand Slam title .
Kerber 's performances have helped tennis become one of the most popular sports in Germany again . Close to one million viewers watched the match between Kerber and Cibulkova at the WTA Finals in Singapore . These numbers were unheard of , since the time Boris Becker and Steffi Graff dominated the sports in the late 90 's . One can expect more of that from Kerber in the 2017 season , for her tiny shoulders are resilient enough to carry the expectations of an entire nation on them .
Byron York describes the new standard for evaluating wild allegations against President Trump : Have they been disproved ? :
When a political figure is accused of wrongdoing , a conversation begins among journalists , commentators , and public officials . Are the charges true ? Can the accusers prove it ? That 's the way it normally works . But now , in the case of the Trump dossier – the allegations compiled by a former British spy hired by the Clinton campaign to gather dirt on presidential candidate Donald Trump – the generally accepted standard of justice has been turned on its head . Now , the question is : Can the accused prove the charges false ? Increasingly , the president 's critics argue that the dossier is legitimate because it has not been proven untrue .
Byron cites examples :
Not a single revelation in the Steele dossier has been refuted , ” noted Sen. Dianne Feinstein , top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , in February . In late December , Laurence Tribe , the Harvard law professor , tweeted a message about the allegations against Trump to his followers : “ Retweet if , like me , you 're aware of nothing in the [ Trump ] dossier that has been shown to be false. ” “ The dossier has not been proven false , ” said MSNBC anchor and former George W. Bush aide Nicolle Wallace in February . More recently , Chuck Todd , moderator of NBC 's “ Meet the Press , ” asked former CIA Director John Brennan , “ So far with this dossier , nothing yet has been proven untrue . How significant is that ? ” “ As Jim Comey has said , I think very famously , these were salacious and unverified allegations , ” Brennan responded . “ Just because they were unverified does not mean they were not true . ”
Comey has also said that “ it 's very difficult to prove something did n't happen. ” John Brennan is n't very bright , but he understands this .
In addition , Comey has said that when Trump asked him to investigate the most salacious allegations in the dossier , he demurred . Indeed , the FBI has never attempted to disprove these allegations .
Moreover , according to the new book Russian Roulette by Michael Isikoff and David Corn , Michael Steele who wrote the dossier does n't believe the alleged sex episode occurred . He said there 's perhaps a 50-50 chance of it being true . And Glenn Simpson , head of the opposition research company that commissioned the dossier , reportedly considered the Russian source for the story a “ big talker ” who might have made the sex episode up to impress Steele .
Yet , Sen. Feinstein , Prof . Tribe , John Brennan , and assorted talking heads place on President Trump the burden of disproving salacious allegations not believed even by those who spread them . And they do so despite the fact that Trump asked the FBI to investigate the matter , but the FBI did not .
Most Americans still believe in fair play , including the proposition “ innocent until proven guilty. ” Increasingly , they perceive , I think , that President Trump is n't being treated fairly . Defying the odds once again , Trump may well be gaining public sympathy .
BUSINESS
Hyundai Motor 's unionized labor will stage partial strikes for five consecutive days until Friday . ( Yonhap )
Hyundai Motor 's unionized workers will stage three or four strikes over five consecutive days starting Monday , as it failed to meet halfway with management over raises and job security.Starting with a three-hour partial walkout , workers at car manufacturing plants and auto parts factories are scheduled to stage four-hour partial strikes on Tuesday and Wednesday , respectively , the union said.The entire labor union will continue four-hour partial strikes Thursday and Friday.The union has demanded a 154,883 won ( $ 142 ) raise in base monthly pay , a bonus worth 30 percent of last year 's net profit and stronger job security.Hyundai 's management has so far suggested a raise of 42,879 won and bonuses of 250 percent.Stepping up its push for higher wages , the union said it plans to hold strikes in front of Hyundai Chairman Chung Mong-koo 's house in central Seoul. “ Hyundai Motor will handle the walkout according to principles , ” Hyundai Motor said.Strikes by Hyundai workers are estimated to affect production of some 43,000 vehicles , for about 890 billion won in losses.Continued walkouts will inevitably delay the supply of Kona SUVs that were set for release in the US in the first half of 2018 , Hyundai Motor added.The compact SUV Kona was introduced to US drivers at the LA Motor Show last month with aims to boost sales there.Hyundai Motor posted a net profit of 939.2 billion won between July and September this year , down 16 percent on-year largely due to poor sales in China and the US.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425 @ heraldcorp.com )
TAMPA , Florida -- Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said he was `` sucker punched '' by singer Chris Brown .
Tampa police spokesman Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown .
Chris Brown ( AP-Yonhap )
Vines told officers that while he was snapping photos early Monday , Brown punched him . Brown was gone by the time officers arrived . Vines refused medical treatment and told officers he wants to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.Brown , singer of the hits `` Run It ! '' and `` Deuces , '' completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna , his then-girlfriend.An email to the representative listed on Brown 's website was not immediately returned . ( AP )
Heat stable flavors are flavors that do not degenerate their structure and remain steady at high temperatures . Heat stable flavors are ideal to be used in bakery applications and also remain a preferred choice for other applications , such as processed food , beverage dairy and confectionary , among others . As heat stable flavors are able to withstand the heat which is released during the baking process , the final product creates an outstanding taste experience . Heat stable flavors also help to protect the final product against oxidation . Even after a long period of storage , heat stable flavors remain heat resistant and heat stable . They also provide added functionality for savory products , even those challenged with low sodium content , low-fat content as well as low-calorie content . The best thing about heat stable flavors is that these flavors can be easily whisked out with the help of other dry ingredients .
Reasons for Covering this Title
Problems associated with biotech flavors or natural flavors which are not heat stable is their lower shelf-life as well as stability and reaction issues affiliated with these flavours . However , this is not the case with heat stable flavors which are spray dried . Increased shelf-life and stability of heat stable flavors prevents the flavor from interacting with other elements in the product . On the other hand , improved heat and oxidative resistance protects the flavor from processing heat , reducing volatility/ evaporation of molecules and protects the flavor from the degradation caused by air and other contaminants .
Request For Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=43271
The consumer buying behavior has transformed substantially in the recent years . This can primarily be attributed to increasing disposable income and rising consumption of healthy foods . As a result , consumer demand across the globe for specialized baked products has been growing substantially in the recent past , resulting in new product offerings during this period . Also , demand for food products that offer additional benefits is increasing at a rapid pace , especially in Japan . This can be attributed to increasing consumer awareness and rising consumer spending on food and beverages . For instance , international and local companies in their respective geographies are focusing on the development of encapsulated heat stable flavor solutions , offering increased shelf-life and long-lasting flavours to products .
Global Heat Stable Flavor Market : Key Players
Some of the key players operating in the global heat stable flavor market are Symrise AG , Archer Daniels Midland Company , International Flavours & Fragrances , Inc , Sensient Technologies Corporation , FONA International , Inc. , Ingredion Incorporated , FrieslandCampina Kievit GmbH , Tate & Lyle PLC , Mane SA , Robertet SA , T.Hasegawa Co. , Ltd . and Synthite Industries Ltd. , among others .
As the European market dominates the bakery industry , the usage of heat stable flavors is also expected to be highest in Europe .
Opportunities for Market Participants
Globally , companies are investing more on bringing advancements in the spray drying flavor technology to enhance their production capacity as well as product portfolio . Therefore , technological advancements in heat stable flavor production is a key driving factor for heat stable flavor market . Big heat stable flavor manufacturing companies are implementing advanced technologies to produce high quality , good-for-health flavors that are able to cater to changing preferences of customers . These advanced technologies protect flavors against deterioration . For instance , Frutarom Switzerland Ltd. , which is a flavor company , uses various innovative technologies , such as Durarome , that protect flavors from oxidation and also help in preserving freshness .
Obtain Report Details @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/heat-stable-flavor-market.html
Global Heat Stable Flavor Market : Key Developments
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you , like the rest of the Internet , went wild when you heard that Lady Gaga , Kendrick Lamar and Radiohead will headline this year 's Coachella Festival in California , you were probably wondering how and where to get tickets .
This year 's annual star-studded festival had it 's first weekend on April 14 - 16 , 2017 and the second weekend will be held on April 21 - 23 , 2017 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio , California .
Following original headliner Beyonce 's baby news , the superstar announced that she will no longer be headlining the annual event after being advised to `` keep a less rigorous schedule , '' but will take to the stage there in 2018 instead .
Lady Gaga will take Beyonce 's place on this year 's line up instead . With the Bad Romance star , who is currently touring , headlining on April 15 and April 22 .
Confirming early reports , Gaga tweeted on Tuesday : `` Let 's party in the desert ! ''
Coachella 2017 line up
( Photo : Frank Hoensch/Redferns )
Radiohead will be joined by the likes of the XX , Travis Scott and Mac Miller on Friday April 14 and Friday April 21 .
With Lady Gaga , who replaced original headliner Beyonce , performing on the Saturday dates alongside Bon Iver , rapper Future and DJ Snake as well as homegrown acts Two Door Cinema Club and Bastille .
Kendrick Lemar round up the event with support from Lorde , DJ Khaled , Tove Lo and Jack Garratt on Sundays dates .
Across each weekend , revellers will be able to enjoy performances from over 150 artists and groups .
Full set times
Friday 14 and 21 April
Saturday 15 and 22 April
Sunday 16 and 23 April
How to get tickets
Most tickets have now been allocated , so if you 're lucky enough to be in LA , your best bet will be checking secondary ticket websites like StubHub .
Tickets are priced from $ 399 ( around £325 ) , with top end packages from $ 899 ( around £732 ) . Read more about buying tickets on the official website here .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The IRS says it 's following President Donald Trump 's executive order on health care by easing enforcement of the unpopular Obama-era requirement for people to have coverage or risk fines .
Trump directed federal agencies to ease the health law 's rules after he took office .
An IRS spokesman says the IRS had planned to start rejecting returns this year on which the taxpayer failed to indicate whether or not he had coverage .
But the IRS says it will keep processing such returns , as it has in the past .
Advertisement
Many of the law 's supporters consider the coverage requirement essential for nudging younger , healthy people into the insurance pool to keep premiums in check .
The IRS says the requirement is still the law .
That President Trump is a lover of hamburgers should come as no surprise to even casual followers of his public life . He 's not shy about broadcasting his affection for them — and according to a new report , that 's why North Korea is considering opening a burger franchise in its capital .
NBC News first reported the details about a possible fast food franchise in Pyongyang , culled from a CIA report outlining the likelihood of North Korea relinquishing its nuclear weapons program . The potential burger joint was listed as a possible `` concession '' on the part of North Korea . Purportedly , the diplomatic gesture would signal to Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is tuned into the president 's personal needs . Trump also mused during the 2016 campaign that he 'd like to chat with Kim informally , saying , `` We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table , and we should make better deals with China and others and forget the state dinners . ”
But on the real goal of talks with North Korea — denuclearization of the totalitarian regime — CIA analysts are not optimistic . As one intelligence analyst told NBC News , `` Everybody knows they are not going to denuclearize . ''
That sentiment was echoed in another recently published report , this one by Stanford professor Siegfried S. Hecker . Once the director of the Los Alamos weapons lab located in New Mexico , Hecker has also toured and inspected all of North Korea 's nuclear sites , and is currently the only American scientist to have laid eyes on its uranium enrichment facility . And according to Hecker , nuclear disarmament of North Korea will take roughly 15 years — far longer than the Trump administration wants .
A summit between Trump and Kim that was planned for June 12 in Singapore has been put on hold by the president . Trump appeared to cancel the possibility outright on May 24 , publishing a letter to Kim that faulted North Korea for `` tremendous anger and open hostility '' toward the president and his administration .
But a whirlwind of events over the ensuing week signaled that the Singapore summit may proceed after all . For one , North Korea responded to Trump 's cancellation with remarkable friendliness and expressed a desire for a U.S.-North Korean meeting to happen at some point . The president responded in kind , calling the North Korean statement `` warm and productive '' in a tweet .
And as Alex Ward outlined at Vox , there are several other indications that are making a historic summit between the U.S. and North Korea look like an increasingly likely outcome .
Handout/Getty Images News/Getty Images
For starters , Ward points to an impromptu meeting between South Korean president Moon Jae-in and Kim in North Korea over the weekend . That marked just the fourth time leaders from the two nations met in person — and the second such meeting in a month for Moon and Kim . According to Ward , their last-minute summit sent two messages — that Moon is deeply committed to ensuring talks between the United States and North Korea move forward , and that he and Kim may have plans to reach their own peace deal , regardless of U.S. opinion .
On top of that , the U.S. is still prepping for the summit in Singapore , in case both countries agree that it will go forward . Trump has delayed imposing economic sanctions on North Korea , in what is likely a gesture of good will toward Kim . And one of North Korea 's highest ranking officials will visit New York this week , marking the first time in 18 years that a representative of the authoritarian regime meets with an American administration .
Odds of a meeting taking place seem increasingly high , though most experts agree that denuclearization in North Korea remains a long shot . It remains to be seen if a North Korean burger joint can move events in that hoped-for direction .
NATIONAL
Kuwait to end commercial ties with N. Korea , visa issuance for its workers : envoy By Yonhap Published : Aug 14 , 2017 - 17:24
Updated : Aug 14 , 2017 - 17:24
Kuwait plans to end its commercial and financial transactions with North Korea and discontinue the issuance of visas for the North 's laborers in compliance with United Nations resolutions , Kuwait 's ambassador to South Korea said Monday .
`` The ( Kuwait ) Ministry of Foreign Affairs initiated the formation of a national committee chaired by the concerned government bodies , '' Kuwait Ambassador to Seoul Bader Al-Awadhi said in a press release on his country 's efforts to implement the UN Security Council 's sanctions resolutions on North Korea .
He said that the committee has proposed a number of measures to implement the resolutions , including discontinuation of the issuance of entry visas for North Korean workers , as well as commercial licenses for them .
The committee 's proposed measures also include ending any commercial activities and financial remittances to North Korea , ceasing loan provisions , stopping all exports from North Korea and reducing the number of North Korean diplomats in Kuwait , according to the ambassador .
`` Such measures are ... in accordance with the State of Kuwait 's commitment to the resolution of international legitimacy as well as its future commitment when it begins its non-permanent membership in the Security Council early next year , '' he also noted .
`` Kuwait is in contact with concerned bodies in the UN in order to inform them of the steps Kuwait has taken in this regard , '' the ambassador also added .
He also refuted media allegations indicating that a large number of North Korean laborers are currently stationed in Kuwait under Kuwait visas , stressing that `` Kuwait has acted in accordance with its commitment to the resolutions of the Security Council pertaining to the economic boycott of North Korea . '' ( Yonhap )
German midfielder Tom Trybull celebrated signing a new contract by scoring the winning goal as Norwich beat 10-man Middlesbrough 1-0 at Carrow Road .
Having put pen to paper on three-and-a-half deal on the morning of the game , Trybull drilled home what proved to be the only goal of the game a minute before the interval .
By that time Boro were playing one short , having lost striker Rudy Gestede just before the half-hour mark for a crude lunge on Grant Hanley in the centre circle , and they never seriously threatened to get themselves back in the game .
A deserved win was a boost for Norwich 's outside hopes of pushing into the Championship play-off , while denting the similar aspirations of the visiting side .
The Canaries made a bright start and it took a superb block from Adam Clayton to keep out what looked like a goal-bound shot from James Maddison in the opening exchanges .
But the hosts were unable to maintain the momentum and apart from a couple of wayward shots at each end there was little for the crowd to get excited about until the 28th minute , when the visitors were reduced to 10 men .
Gestede , who already had a yellow card to his name , inexplicably opted to fly into a routine challenge on the halfway line with Hanley going down after being caught by a flying boot . It was just a question of whether it was two yellows or a straight red , and referee Michael Jones chose the latter option .
With Adama Traore pushed forward in a central role ahead of two blocks of four , the visitors coped reasonably comfortably until a minute before half-time when Norwich finally made one of their long spells of possession count .
The ball was moved across the edge of box to Trybull , who took aim and beat Darren Randolph 's despairing dive with a low drive into the bottom corner .
Norwich had a good chance to stretch their lead 10 minutes after the break when Maddison was brought down just outside the box . Unsurprisingly the same player picked himself up to take it but while his clever low shot went under the wall it also went inches wide of the upright .
Boro were hardly getting a look in and manager Tony Pulis brought on former City midfielder Jonny Howson to a big ovation just after the hour mark in an attempt to liven things up .
Randolph twice kept the visitors in the game with good saves low down to his right to keep out stinging shots from Nelson Oliveira before gathering another shot , this time from outside the box , from Josh Murphy .
Ben Gibson finally got an effort on target for Boro nine minutes from time , but his tame header from a deep free-kick was easy for an underworked Angus Gunn as Norwich comfortably saw out the game .
News Feature
Sedgwick Originally published in The Weekly Packet , August 10 , 2017 Sedgwick sets special town meeting for new pot moratorium
by Anne Berleant
A retail marijuana moratorium will again be put before voters at a special town meeting on August 24 , following the selectmen 's 6 p.m.meeting at town hall . Voters had easily approved a 180-day moratorium at town meeting in March .
The moratorium would ban retail marijuana shops , cultivation , testing , social clubs and manufacturing .
A “ flawed ” boilerplate moratorium supplied by the Maine Municipal Association before the earlier vote stated that it could only be extended through the legislative body , not at the discretion of selectmen . Selectmen said on July 27 that a new boilerplate had clearer language , and MMA advised the new moratorium over an extension , both of which would entail a special town meeting .
Second Selectman Colby Pert spoke in favor of not having the town attorney review the new moratorium : “ A judge , if in court , is going to point to the intent of the ordinance . ”
Selectmen have no current plans on presenting an ordinance regulating retail recreational marijuana until state regulations are in place , hopefully before 2018 town meeting . The statewide moratorium is valid until at least February 2018 .
“ We 're waiting for the state licenses to come through and will feed off that , ” Pert said .
Third Selectman Ben Astbury agreed : “ We 'll tailor guidelines to work with the state , not against . ”
In other business
Selectmen approved accepting the resignation of Planning Board Chairman Robert Jones , 3-0 .
Selectmen approved appointing alternate Peter Atherton to a regular planning board seat , 3-0 .
Selectmen approved appointing Robert Publicover as an alternate member of the planning board , 3-0 .
The Thistle & Shamrock : Dear Jean
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photo Courtesy of State Archives of Florida Photo Courtesy of State Archives of Florida
Artists celebrate Jean Ritchie ( 1922-2015 ) by singing the songs she taught them and by passing along their wisdom . Host Fiona Ritchie explores the reach of Jean 's songs and presents music from a commemorative CD featuring Robin and Linda Williams , Peggy Seeger , Kathy Mattea , John McCutcheon and many more artists who were proud to call `` The Mother of Folk '' their friend .
Have you seen this man ? Watch as Lexington County burglar breaks into store , beats owner A man broke in to a store on Bush River Road in Lexington County and then the owner showed up . The burglar exited the store , chasing the owner , according to the video . When he caught him , the intruder beat up the owner and stole his wallet . Lexington County Sheriff 's Department Kevin Martin ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK A man broke in to a store on Bush River Road in Lexington County and then the owner showed up . The burglar exited the store , chasing the owner , according to the video . When he caught him , the intruder beat up the owner and stole his wallet . Lexington County Sheriff 's Department Kevin Martin
The police look like they are in a war zone . The NSA listens in to our phone calls and reads our text messages with the help of `` private '' telecommunications companies . The Bill of Rights is being gutted . Should we give up and accept the creeping police state ? Hardly ! Rutherford Institute president John W. Whitehead joins today 's Liberty Report with important information on how we can fight back against the authoritarians who seek control over us . Also do n't miss a special announcement in today 's program : John Whitehead is joining our excellent line-up of speakers at our August 18th Peace and Prosperity Conference in Washington , DC !
WASHINGTON — President Trump 's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union , a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions .
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday 's deadline , according to two people familiar with the discussions . The administration 's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement , said the people , who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations .
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 % tariff on imported steel , and a 10 % tariff on imported aluminum , citing national security interests . But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies ; that reprieve expires Friday .
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs .
“ Realistically , I do not think we can hope ” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum , said Cecilia Malmstrom , the European Union 's trade commissioner . Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum , Malmstrom said , “ I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports . ”
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday . The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday , and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday .
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war – a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs , the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice , peanut butter and other goods in return . French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be “ united and firm . ”
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs , the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security .
“ Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , ” French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
More : European Union tells President Trump to stop threatening it with tariffs and negotiate
Related : Trump calls for new tariffs on imported cars and trucks , escalating trade wars
In a clear reference to Trump , Macron added : “ These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term . … One can think about making voters happy by saying , ‘ I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ' ”
But Macron said those “ who waged bilateral trade wars … saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ”
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
“ There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , ” he said . He noted that “ China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ”
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being “ constructive ” and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements , notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods , including cars .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
“ We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , ” he said .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying “ the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence ” and tariffs “ would negatively influence investment and jobs . ”
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Unai Emery is taking charge of Arsenal training this week as he looks to take the Gunners back into the Champions League .
New boy Sokratis Papastathopoulos has been at London Colney this week alongside his new teammates that were not involved in the World Cup .
But there was another new boy in action , youngster Emile Smith Rowe .
The teenager has been promoted to first-team training by Emery and will hope to catch the eye during pre-season .
Our colleagues at Football.London have taken a look at Smith Rowe and what he could bring to the Emirates .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Arsenal FC )
Background
Smith Rowe has been capped by England at U16 , U17 & U18 level whilst progressing through the ranks at Arsenal 's Hale End academy .
He had a trial at Chelsea aged nine before signing for Arsenal shortly afterwards .
Furthermore , he once rejected offers from Tottenham Hotspur as well as La Liga giants Barcelona in order to stay with the Gunners - endearing him to supporters along the way .
( Image : Getty )
Position
Usually Smith Rowe is stationed on the left wing , but during the Gunners ' run to the FA Youth Cup final last season he showed his versatility by operating from a more central role .
A good passer of the ball as well as being a very direct player , the 17-year-old could slot into any of the three roles behind the main striker if Emery wants to use a 4-2-3-1 formation next season .
Quick , skilful , has a knack for getting into good goalscoring positions and a creator of numerous opportunities for his team-mates , Smith Rowe scored 13 goals and weighed in with four assists at youth level last season .
( Image : Arsenal FC )
Standout performance
Well , there 's been a few . The FA Youth Cup semi-final second leg against Blackpool immediately springs to mind as that was the game in which he was the best player on the park - and the young Gunners were very good that night .
The sensational individual run he set off on to win the penalty during the 5-0 win was easily the highlight of the game .
Then there 's the quarter-final win over Colchester where he netted a fabulous free-kick as well as the 6-1 thrashing of West Ham United U18 's where he scored a hat-trick .
First-team chances
( Image : Getty )
Smith Rowe trained with the first-team last season and has been tipped by Jack Wilshere to make an impact in the future .
`` He 's been great throughout the cup run , '' Wilshere told Arsenal 's website after the FA Youth Cup final loss against Chelsea .
`` When he has stepped up to [ train ] with the first team , he has n't looked out of place and that 's a sign of someone who has a real opportunity of not just making a career , but playing at this club , which I know is difficult .
`` You can see over the years the good players that have n't quite made it , but he has got something a little bit special , and he has a real chance .
( Image : Arsenal FC )
( Image : Arsenal FC )
Targets for 2018/19
Arsenal do have a host of attacking midfielders at present , Henrikh Mkhitaryan only arrived from Manchester United a few months ago and is expected to play a huge role next season .
Then there 's Mesut Ozil and Alex Iwobi , while the Gunners are said to be on the market for a new winger in the transfer window .
That could limit first-team chances for Smith Rowe , although the aim should be to make his senior debut next season and he could receive some opportunities in the Carabao Cup and it 's important he continues to perform at U23 and U18 's level .
VANCOUVER , Canada — A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of “ Deadpool 2 , ” according to a statement from the Vancouver police .
The name of the victim has not been released .
“ We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘ Deadpool 2 ' this morning , ” 20th Century Fox said in a statement . “ Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time . ”
Reynolds also confirmed the death , saying that he and other crew members were “ shocked , heartbroken and devastated ” in a statement on Twitter :
“ Deadpool 2 ” is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $ 363 million domestically . Production on the sequel began in late June . At the time , Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned , “ Feels good to be back . ”
Since then , Reynolds , a Vancouver native , has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks .
Last week , he posted a photo with local police , thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown . ( In his post , he jokingly referred to the film as “ Spider-Man . ” )
“ Deadpool 2 ” has a 2018 release date .
The death is the second occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks – John Bernecker , a stunt performer for AMC 's “ The Walking Dead , ” died in July after performing a fall on the show 's Georgia set . The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head , according to a coroner 's report .
WorkSafeBC , a group that investigates employee safety , is investigating the fatality on the set of “ Deadpool 2 , ” according to police .
Update : @ WorkSafeBC & @ bccoroners investigating death of female stunt driver https : //t.co/c3e4BqEz9u on Deadpool set as workplace accident . — Vancouver Police ( @ VancouverPD ) August 14 , 2017
It appears this is a motorcycle stunt gone wrong for a movie , people on scene wo n't confirm it 's Deadpool 2 pic.twitter.com/wXKGg4B0nI — Farrah Merali ( @ FarrahMerali ) August 14 , 2017
. @ VancouverPD officers survey the scene . Two ambulances were here for some time but left without sirens on . pic.twitter.com/FUiIqJoZ3A — Farrah Merali ( @ FarrahMerali ) August 14 , 2017
A motorcycle lays on the ground just across from Jack Poole plaza . You ca n't see here but above it is broken glass pic.twitter.com/zzl5Ag9gYT — Farrah Merali ( @ FarrahMerali ) August 14 , 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New mum Kylie Jenner has revealed she is using a waist-trainer to get back in shape after giving birth to daughter Stormi .
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star , 20 , welcomed the adorable tot with boyfriend Travis Scott in early February .
On Monday Kylie posted a picture on Instagram showing her waist cinched into a black corset , which she said was of the `` snap back '' package .
( Image : Instagram/kyliejenner )
( Image : Snapchat )
( Image : SNAPCHAT )
She wrote : `` my girl premadonna87 hooked me up with the waistgangsociety snap back package . # ad waistgang has the BEST quality snap back products .
`` Make sure you get your package & follow waistgangsociety to join & keep up the journey together . ''
( Image : Instagram/stormireacts )
( Image : Instagram )
Kylie is n't the only member of her famous family who is a fan of the tummy-toning technique .
Both Kim and Khloe Kardashian have shared photos showing them using waist-trainers in the past .
Kourtney Kardashian was also pictured in one of the belts after having her third child .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Second Amendment clearly and definitively does not say what so many gun-rights absolutists in America claim it does . This is interesting when you consider conservatives ' otherwise consistent adherence to constitutional originalism .
Consider , for instance , that one of the soundest , if clearly not the most persuasive , arguments made against legalized abortion in this country is that the actual text of the 14th Amendment , so far from containing some kind of ethereal right to privacy that extends to child murder under appropriately clandestine conditions , is a straightforward brief for protecting the lives of all persons , including those in utero .
In order to accept this position , you have to imagine that when you read the Constitution , what matters is the text itself , not your prejudices or preferences . Does a given statute do something that the text forbids ? No ? Then it is constitutional , which is not the same thing as laudable or sensible or not downright evil . Affirming that a piece of law is `` constitutional '' is a very low bar to clear in moral terms ; it is the legal equivalent of being asked how lunch was and responding `` carbon-based . ''
For a variety of reasons , American liberals have , often with an eye on its historical shortcomings , come largely to reject this approach to jurisprudence . Conservatives have not . Originalism is a litmus to which every Republican nominee to the Supreme Court in my lifetime has been subjected . An entire parallel industry has grown up in the legal profession around the philosophy . Thinking in originalist terms is second nature for American conservatives .
This is why it 's so bizarre when the Second Amendment is trotted out by conservatives in defense of the virtually unlimited rights of firearm enthusiasts to purchase , decorate , modify , load , play dress-up with , and occasionally shoot a vast array of tools manufactured for the sole purpose of taking human life with grim efficiency . From an originalist reading of the text , it is not automatically clear that individuals in their private capacity have a right to own so much as a squirt gun .
Let us remind ourselves exactly what the Second Amendment says : `` A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . '' No fair-minded adult reader could possibly hope to reconcile these 27 words with the fanatical views of the Second Amendment Foundation and the National Rifle Association .
Which is not to say that the amendment disqualifies them either ; rather , it is silent on the subject . This is a provision about state militias , the 18th-century ancestor of our armed forces , as The Federalist No . 29 makes clear . Translated into 21st-century American , all this means is that we should have a military . Guess what ? We 've got one already , one that is far more capable of providing for `` the security of a free state '' than any ragtag bunch of firearm-hoarding hobbyists . Not even 10,000 of this country 's most dedicated Halo LARPers could defend this country against a Russian or Chinese invasion — but just one of them can kill dozens of people in a matter of seconds using firearms and ammunition that can be legally purchased with relative ease .
None of this should actually be a problem for gun fanatics . They are free to make any arguments they wish in favor of their pet cause . But they can not , if they are being intellectually honest , pretend that their opponents lose automatically because of the Second Amendment . According to our constitutional settlement , the question of what , if any , regulations should govern the private ownership and use of machine guns , pistols , javelins , nunchaku , rapiers , catapults , and nuclear warheads is one that is left to the prudence of our democratically elected legislators at the local , state , and federal level .
There is , in fact , only one really good argument in favor of a broad understanding — one that goes beyond rifles for hunting and hobby shooting and handguns in some circumstances for basic protection — of gun rights in this country . It is what you find if you scratch any Second Amendment absolutist , and it has a basis in the English Bill of Rights , which ex-post-facto justified the Protestant overthrow of that country 's rightful Catholic monarch .
If the argument is that you need guns that are technically not the same ones Marines use to kill terrorists but just tricked out to inspire the same amount of fear in onlookers and fire nearly as fast for some hitherto-unspecified moment when it will become necessary to put on war paint and lay siege to Washington , congratulations : You are working in the distinguished intellectual tradition of Jefferson Davis , Ted Kaczynski , and Timothy McVeigh , among other giants of modern conservative thought .
Do you need guns for the second American civil war ? Make that argument if you want . It would be , if nothing else , a great deal more interesting than telling lies about a 200-some-year-old piece of parchment .
Lopin Lazy Welcomes New Year 's Foal
The 2017 breeding season is off with a bang ! Congratulations to Lopin Lazy on the birth of his New Year 's foal out of Ima Radical Invitation ! The beautiful filly is owned by the Hindes Family .
Lopin Lazy is owned by Patti Cerio and stands at North Farm .
The U.S. government today said it received 199,000 H-1B visa petitions for the upcoming 2018 fiscal year -- 37,000 less than in 2016 .
The government will issue 85,000 visas distributed via a computer-generated lottery . The winners will be able to use their visas at the start of the federal fiscal year , which begins Oct. 1 .
Industry analysts see President Donald Trump 's actions and campaign rhetoric as having had an impact on the offshore outsourcing industry , which includes the largest users of H-1B visa workers . Firms considering shipping IT jobs overseas appear now to be more cautious than in recent years .
The U.S. received 236,000 visa petitions for the current fiscal year , which was a record number . In fiscal year 2016 , there were 233,000 requests ; the year before that , there were 172,500 .
Peter Bendor-Samuel , the CEO of outsourcing consultancy and research firm Everest Group , said last month : `` It is clear that many firms are postponing or canceling offshoring activity as they wait to see what happens on the political front . ''
Similarly , David Rutchik , executive managing director at Pace Harmon , an outsourcing consultancy , said firms considering outsourcing are worried about negative press coverage , and being `` called out on Twitter '' by the president .
Everest now expects revenue declines for the top five Indian service firms , which are also among the largest H-1B users .
Unknown is whether there is new reluctance about coming to the U.S. to work . The travel restrictions sought by the Trump administration from six countries as well as the February shooting of two Indian software engineers in Kansas , one of whom died , could also have played a role in the decline .
Adding to the uncertain environment is Congress . Bipartisan H-1B reform bills , with more on the way , have already been introduced in both chambers .
It will be many months before it 's known exactly which firms received the most visas . As many as half of those under the base 65,000 caps typically go to offshore firms . The remaining 20,000 are earmarked for advanced degree graduates of U.S. universities .
U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Service does n't release data on H-1B use unless Freedom of Information Act request is submitted . The wait for that data can be as long as six months .
This story , `` H-1B visa demand slips ; analysts see Trump effect '' was originally published by Computerworld .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Welsh village has just been officially recognised as a plastic-free community , swapping plastic for biodegradable coffee cups , glass bottles and bamboo toothbrushes .
Local shops in Aberporth are opting for loose leaf tea , rice in a paper box , bread in a wax wrapper and wooden clothes pegs .
But the way of life can be daunting for businesses , who used to use plastic every day .
That 's the point made by Gethin James , a café owner in Aberporth , who spoke to Wales Online .
“ The title ‘ plastic-free was a little bit frightening , ” says Mr James , as we look out onto the immaculate Aberporth sand from his beach-side cafe .
“ First of all , our beach here is spotless . I did n't want Aberporth to be seen as having a huge litter problem .
“ Secondly , as someone whose business is 25 to 30 % takeaway coffee cups , my initial thought was ‘ what am I supposed to do ? ' ”
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
This reluctance is understandable when one considers the harsh reality of operating a business in a small seaside community .
Business might boom come the summer months , but even a mild winter can create a frosty ambience if there 's nobody coming through the door .
It is late January and there is nobody here .
Asking small business owners who have to cut their cloth with precision to fork out more for non-plastic forks is a difficult task .
“ I was sceptical , ” Mr James admits . “ But , once the campaign was explained to me , it made perfect sense . ”
That campaign was the brainchild of local filmmaker Gail Tudor . She went on a boat trip around the UK last summer and came back with a burning intention to make a difference , and a belief that something could , and had to be done , even in a small community like Aberporth .
What Gail discovered was something far more dangerous than simple littering , something that could have a direct effect not just on wildlife and the environment , but on human health .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
“ Microplastics is the real problem , ” she said . “ They collect toxins that end up in fish and then end up in us , in our food chain . ”
Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic that have been degraded from larger plastic debris .
One particular type - microbeads - are a more prevalent concern as they live in a number of everyday products and are small enough to pass through water filtration systems , meaning they eventually make a home for themselves in our seas .
Upon her return to Aberporth , Gail set about approaching local businesses to change their ways , to make a stand and show the way for the rest of the village , the county , the country .
First , people in New Quay took a stand against the potential removal of their all-weather lifeboat , then residents in St Davids fought back against a hotel giant , and now the people of Aberporth are waging a battle against plastic , and , more pertinently , waging a war against a way of life that could have serious implications for generations to come .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
“ We 're a feisty bunch in west Wales , ” says Gilly Llewelyn , one of those involved in the fight .
“ I wanted to get people interested , ” says Gail . “ We set up a steering committee and a Facebook page and approached local businesses . In order to be classed as a ‘ plastic-free community ' we had to get three businesses to agree to give up three single-use plastic items .
“ People were quite keen to get on board - a lot of people turned up to our initial meeting and our MP Ben Lake came down to see us and offered his support . ”
One gets the sense that although people 's intentions were good , the campaign needed something , perhaps an air of urgency or a semblance of panic .
In December , that came .
When the final episode of Blue Planet II aired on the BBC in December , it depicted in detail the devastating effect that plastic can have .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
Creatures were unknowingly feeding plastic to their young . Viewers were horrified , and the programme 's presenter , Sir David Attenborough , closed the show by saying : “ The future of all life now depends on us . ”
It had an effect across the country , including in Aberporth .
“ That programme really hit home with people , ” said Gethin James . “ I did n't know about microbeads and the sheer volume of plastic in the ocean .
“ Once I saw this and the plastic-free group explained the reasoning behind the campaign , that was enough for me to get involved . ”
Gethin , a former county councillor who opened the Cwtch Glanmordy cafe in 2015 , has since pledged to use wooden cutlery instead of plastic cutlery , paper straws instead of plastic straws , and he will keep his sauce in glass bottles rather than hand out plastic sachets to his customers .
The biggest change , however , is with regards to his biggest seller - coffee .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
“ Coffee cups are n't recyclable - they have a plastic lining and the lids are plastic .
“ But I 've now found this product made with a cornstarch lining which is compostable - this is where I can make the bigest impact .
“ The problem is , what I currently use costs around 9p per unit ; the new material would cost up to 25p per unit , so we need to find ways to make it more cost effective .
“ There should be a levy on plastic products , so the cost is met from there , not at the other end . ''
In the village pub , expensive decisions have been made .
Paper straws are being used now instead of plastic ones , despite costing ten times more .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
The man who made that decision has no doubts whatsoever that it 's the correct one ; the short-term cost to the pub 's balance sheet paling in significance to the long-term cost to the environment .
“ When Gail started this , I was all over it , ” says Oliver Box , whose parents own The Ship Inn .
“ When I decided to get involved , I did n't know anything about the extra cost , but it has n't put me off . I want to do the right thing .
“ I tell my kids not to throw things away . I 've grown up by the beach and you see chip wrappers and litter everywhere , but it is n't a littering problem ; people put things in bins , but they blow out of the bins .
“ I 've seen plastic sachets on the beach and once they 're on the sand they do n't go anywhere , until they end up in the sea .
“ What has happened here is amazing . I 've seen cars pull in to the car park opposite the pub , and people get out and clean up the beach . ”
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
So what is caused this change in behaviour ? Why are people in a village with a population of fewer than 2,000 people trying to make a difference ?
“ It 's a Welsh thing , ” added Oliver . “ People are proud of what they get to see , but I believe you just need people to make it happen , and it has in Aberporth .
“ It 's made a difference already . I 've found someone who provides compostable straws that you can put into your food waste , so manufacturers are obviously listening . ”
London House Stores , which acts as the town 's nucleus , was one of the first and most passionate proponents of the campaign .
It 's the very definition of a local shop . You ca n't speak to the owner , Mike Allen , for more than 90 seconds without someone coming in to purchase an everyday item .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
The relationship that Mike has built up with his customers since taking over the shop eight years ago has not suffered since he started to sell milk in glass bottles , loose leaf tea , rice in a paper box as opposed to plastic packets , bread in a wax wrapper , wooden clothes pegs , and bamboo toothbrushes .
“ We 're not forcing people to join the plastic-free revolution , ” says Mike . “ We 're giving people a choice . People can choose to be a part of it rather than feeling forced into it .
But there must be people in Aberporth who are against the campaign ?
“ There 's nobody who 's actively against it , ” says Mike .
“ There 's been some cynicism about being labelled ‘ plastic-free ' because it 's impossible to be totally plastic-free , but we 're trying .
“ We need to deal with our own waste , and we need to be responsible for our own waste . The less we produce , the less there is to deal with . ”
Mid and West Wales Assembly Member Simon Thomas is proud that a community in his home county has achieved what it has . But , he says , it is just the beginning .
He is now calling on the Welsh Government to introduce a levy on single-use plastics , something that he believes will give more people in Wales the opportunity , and the incentive , to make a difference .
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
( Image : South Wales Evening Post )
“ I 'm very pleased that the first Welsh community to get this status is in Ceredigion , ” said Mr Thomas .
“ I 've been really struck by the change in public attitudes . I think people have realised the scale of the pollution problem .
“ There was interest before , but the Blue Planet programme came along and interest soared .
“ The 25-year plan is an England-only plan , and recycling in Wales is generally much better , and I 'm currently lobbying for a levy to be introduced on single-use plastics , which would hopefully make alternatives more attractive to people . ”
The powers that be in Cardiff Bay say a “ plastic-tax ” is a real possibility , and that the idea could be moved forward later this month .
“ We recognise the strong support for a disposable plastic tax , ” a Welsh Government spokeswoman said .
“ It is one of the four shortlisted new tax ideas , which we are considering as part of the process to test the Wales Act 2014 powers .
“ We have been exploring all four proposals over the last six months and the Finance Secretary will announce next month which tax idea he intends to take forward to the UK Government to test the Act . ”
Before leaving Aberporth , a stroll on the beach reveals the regard in which this village is held by the people who work and live in it .
There are no wrappers here , no bottle tops , no plastic cutlery , no plastic bags .
What lies beyond and below the waves , however , is out of sight . This community is making sure it 's not out of mind .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Google 's DeepMind is one of the most famous examples of artificial intelligence .
Last year it famously defeated the world 's best Go player at the tricky Chinese board game . It 's also being used at Moorfields Eye Hospital to recognise eye diseases from scans .
But new research shows that DeepMind reacts to social situations in a similar way to a human . Notably , it started to act in an `` aggressive manner '' when put under pressure .
Google 's computer scientists ran 40 million different turns of Gathering a fruit-gathering video game that asked two different DeepMind participants to compete against each other to collect the most apples .
When there were enough apples to share , the two computer combatants were fine - efficiently collecting the virtual fruit . But as soon as the resources became scarce , the two agents became aggressive and tried to knock each other out of the game and steal the apples .
The video below shows the process - with the DeepMind `` gamers '' represented in red and blue while the apples are green . The laser beams are yellow - and while the combatants do n't get any reward for a hit , it does knock the opponent out of the game for a set period of time .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` We characterize how learned behavior in each domain changes as a function of environmental factors including resource abundance , '' the team wrote in a paper explaining their results .
`` Our experiments show how conflict can emerge from competition over shared resources and shed light on how the sequential nature of real world social dilemmas affects cooperation .
( Photo : Getty )
`` We noted that the policies learned in environments with low abundance or high conflict-cost were highly aggressive while the policies learned with high abundance or low conflict cost were less aggressive . That is , the Gathering game predicts that conflict may emerge from competition for scarce resources , but is less likely to emerge when resources are plentiful . ''
The results are interested in that they show computers are able to adapt to situations and modify their behaviour accordingly .
Many experts have warned of the dangers of true artificial intelligence in machines . Elon Musk singled out DeepMind in particular as one to keep an eye on .
`` The pace of progress in artificial intelligence ( I 'm not referring to narrow AI ) is incredibly fast . Unless you have direct exposure to groups like DeepMind , you have no idea how fast — it is growing at a pace close to exponential , '' he wrote in 2014 .
( Photo : Bloomberg )
`` I am not alone in thinking we should be worried . ''
`` The leading AI companies have taken great steps to ensure safety . They recognize the danger , but believe that they can shape and control the digital superintelligences and prevent bad ones from escaping into the Internet . That remains to be seen ... ''
So while Google 's super-smart computers may be content to beat each other up in a race to collect virtual apples , the prospects for the future could be worrying . Especially if your name 's Sarah Connor .
By JOHN P. TRETBAR
Independent Oil and Gas Service reported a nearly 18 % increase in the number of active oil and gas drilling rigs in Kansas last week . There were seven active rigs east of Wichita , up one , and 26 in western Kansas , up four . They 're drilling at two sites in Barton County , and moving in completion tools at sites in Barton , Ellis and Stafford counties . Baker Hughes reported 847 active rigs nationwide last week , an increse of eleven rigs targeting oil and a decrease of three targeting natural gas . Canada reported 118 active rigs last week , a seasonal decrease of 14 rigs .
Independent Oil & Gas reported 44 new well completions last week , and 17 of them were dry holes . There were 19 completions in eastern Kansas , four of them dry holes . West of Wichita there were 25 completions with 13 dry holes reported . There was one completion in Ellis County and one in Stafford County , both were dry holes . Russell County reported two new well completions .
For the month of March , there were 90 new well completions statewide , including three in Barton County , six in ellis County and two in Stafford County . There were 55 completions reported last month in western Kansas , but 24 of them were dry holes . There was one dry hole completed in Barton County , two in Ellis County and one in Stafford County . Producers in eastern Kansas completed 35 wells last month , with just one dry hole .
Operators filed 24 permits to drill in new locations across Kansas last week . That 's 414 so far this year . There were 11 permits filed in eastern Kansas and 13 west of Wichita , including one each in Barton and Stafford counties . That brings the monthly total for March to 134 drilling permits across Kansas , 67 east of Wichita and 67 in the western half of the state .
Energy Transfer Partners , the company building the Dakota Access Pipeline , filed for tariff approval with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission late Thursday to begin shipping oil from North Dakota to Illinois beginning May 14 . The government must approve pipeline shipments across state lines under the Interstate Commerce Act . Dakota Access will join up with another interstate project , called the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline , to move crude from Illinois to refineries in Texas . That pipeline also will begin moving crude oil on the same day .
Russia 's state-owned oil company Rosneft might end up owning Citgo , a US energy company based in Houston , Texas . This is n't a direct takeover . Instead , it hinges on the ability of Venezuela 's state-run oil company to pay back its Russian loan . The Venezuelan company has owned Citgo since the 1980s . The company was used as collateral for the loan . Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers are highly alarmed . Members of Congress wrote to the Trump Administration , warning that it could be a big problem for US national security if Russia gets a hold of Citgo . Venezuela has been desperate for cash . In exchange for a loan from Rosneft in December , Venezuela 's oil company put up a 49.9 % stake in Citgo as collateral .
Big banks appear to be freeing up cash held to cover bad loans , and could soon increase lending in the oil patch . According to a report from Bloomberg , at least three big banks , JP Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo and citigroup said in earnings reports that rising crude prices have helped them free up a combined $ 370 million previously set aside to cover bad energy loans during the price downturn . Meanwhile , Reuters reports some big new bets in the oil patch by investors who lost big last year due to bankruptcies in the industry . In the first quarter of this year , private equity funds raised $ 19.8 billion for energy ventures . That 's nearly three times the total in the same period last year .
Iran , was exempt from the OPEC oil production cut agreement last November , is now ready to join the initiative as long as there is consensus among the cartel 's members . The country 's oil minister adding that most OPEC members seem to be already in favor of the extension . He did not add details about how much Iran would be will to cut .
Reuters reports that surging West Texas oil production has pushed the value of the region 's spot crude to its lowest discount to the U.S. oil benchmark in nearly two years . Last week , WTI at Midland , Texas for May fell to a $ 1.65 a barrel discount to the U.S. benchmark . Four months ago , it traded at a $ 1.05 a barrel premium to WTI . Permian output is expected to rise to 2.29 million bpd in April , up 15 percent from a year ago , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
Texas shale producers applied for more than 1,300 oil and gas drilling permits last month , mostly in the Permian basin , according to the state 's energy regulator . Data from the Texas Railroad Commission said that number is nearly triple the number a year ago at this time . The latest data also showed a decline in the number of well completions .
In North Dakota , oil production jumped above 1 million barrels per day in February , a 5.4 percent increase in production . Preliminary figures from the Department of Mineral Resources said Thursday the state produced an average of 1.034 million barrels per day in February , an increase of more than 52,000 barrels a day over January .
The Alaska House has passed legislation calling for structured draws from the state 's oil-wealth fund to help fill Alaska 's multibillion-dollar deficit . The House made numerous changes to a bill that passed the Senate , including the size of the dividend Alaskans initially would receive from the fund and the calculation of future dividends . The House also made the bill contingent upon legislative passage of a broad-based tax and the version of an oil tax and credit overhaul that passed the House . House Finance Committee Co-Chair Paul Seaton sees the language as a way to try to coax the Senate into negotiating on a more comprehensive fiscal plan .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The Royals activated All-Star catcher Salvador Perez and outfielder Alex Gordon from the disabled list and put them in the lineup for Tuesday night 's series opener against the Brewers .
Perez has been out all season after straining a ligament in his left knee while carrying bags up a flight of stairs in his home . He was behind the plate and batting cleanup against Milwaukee .
Gordon tore the labrum in his left hip on April 9 . He was in left field and batting seventh .
The Royals also recalled left-hander Eric Stout from Triple-A Omaha to provide bullpen help . They cleared roster space by putting right-hander Justin Grimm on the DL with lower back stiffness and sending catcher Cam Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando to the Storm Chasers .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 388 'Our world has been turned upside down ' Pause 154 Remembering Officer Patrick Zamarripa : A Paschal teammate 's tribute 148 Beltre vs. Buechele : A daily battle at Rangers spring camp 134 Former TCU walk-on Phil Taylor and Bram Kohlhausen narrate Taylor 's only career catch 106 Two people hurt in Austin explosion 44 Westchester apartment building comes down in a heap 25 Westchester Plaza imploded , Fort Worth 166 Colon willing to work as reliever for Rangers 18 Falling meteor over Fort Worth ? 30 Tarrant County 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , March 14 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Zero tolerance officers train in the simulated village at the Bob Bolen Public Safety Complex jlmarshall @ star-telegram.com
Zero tolerance officers train in the simulated village at the Bob Bolen Public Safety Complex jlmarshall @ star-telegram.com
Fifteen new jobs are to be created at Leeds based garage and recovery business , KD Bros , has acquired a new 2.5-acre site on Armley Road for an undisclosed sum .
The deal will support the company 's growth plans by providing secure storage for 400 vehicles and a state of the art car and commercial garage .
The site will be operating on a 24/7 basis with a modern control centre and training facilities alongside its current city centre depot .
The business first opened as KD Bros and opened its doors in 1971 as a small workshop in Chapeltown , Leeds .
It has grown to become a leading garage and recovery business in West Yorkshire .
The KD Bros brand will be familiar to many who drive the region 's motorways .
A fleet of 25 recovery vehicles operates across the region for private cars , LCV and HGV .
The business employs 30 staff and provides a full range of maintenance , servicing , MOT and Diagnostic services .
Harpal Singh said : “ We are a fast growing business and it is important we have the space to meet our future plans .
“ The new garage and training facilities will be state of the art and are ideally located to ring road and region 's motorways . ”
The site will compliment its 18,000 sq ft premises on Hope Road , just outside of the city centre . The brand includes West Yorkshire Police and Call Assist amongst its clients .
The company has a long-term partnership with accountants and business advisors , Hentons .
The firm has provided strategic advice that covers tax consultancy , accounts and advice on deals .
Update : Android 8.1 is rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices now and we have full details of what it brings .
We knew Android 8.1 Oreo was coming in December , but we did n't have to wait long , as it 's already now rolling out .
That of course only applies if you 're using a Pixel or recent Nexus device , specifically the Pixel 2 , Pixel 2 XL , Pixel , Pixel XL , Pixel C , Nexus 5X , or Nexus 6P , but if you 're rocking any of them keep an eye out for the update because it should be available for your device soon if it is n't already .
Android 8.1 is n't a huge update , but it does enable the Pixel Visual Core on the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL , which is a co-processor that improves the speed of processing HDR photos , as well as making them less of a drain on your phone 's battery .
Specifically it apparently makes them five times faster while using less than one tenth of the energy .
Interestingly , new features could be programmed for the Pixel Visual Core over time , so this is just the beginning .
If you do n't have one of Google 's latest Pixel devices then there are still things for you in the update to 8.1 , as it should bring bug fixes , security patches and a new Neural Networks API , designed to accelerate on-device machine intelligence .
What this will mean in real terms is unclear , but AI looks to be one of the next big smartphone battlegrounds , with the likes of the iPhone X and Huawei Mate 10 boasting AI features .
There are also some smaller changes as part of Android 8.1 . For example , you 'll now be able to see the battery levels of connected Bluetooth devices on the Bluetooth settings screen , there 'll be less chance of screen burn-in because the status bar will change color in some apps , and several emojis have been redesigned .
Go light
The biggest beneficiaries of Android 8.1 could be those on low-end devices though , as Google has also crafted the Android Oreo ( Go edition ) .
This is a lightweight version of Oreo applied to any device with 512MB to 1GB of RAM , which includes performance and storage improvements , a new set of lightweight Google apps and a tuned version of the Google Play Store which highlights the apps designed to work well on your device .
These features will apparently cause apps to load up to 15 % faster and could save over 600MB of data each year , while still offering all the same security features as full fat Android 8.1 .
If you 're not rocking a Google device then you might be waiting a while longer for any of these updates , but Pixel and Nexus users should have a shiny new Android version any time now .
Via Google Blog
We may still have to wait over a year until Fantastic Beasts 2 soars onto our cinema screens like Frank the Thunderbird , but that does n't mean there is n't any magic happening here and now . Indeed , with production well underway on the next instalment , Warner Bros. have just released the first promotional picture that 's sure to whet our appetites . All in all though , we 're rather puzzled by it .
The First Intriguing Image From 'Fantastic Beasts 2 ' Has Been Released
'Fantastic Beasts 2 ' [ Credit : Warner Bros . ]
To promote the sequel for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , we 'd normally expect a non-spoilerific action shot of our hero , Newt Scamander ( # EddieRedmayne ) with his pals in tow . Instead though , we 've ended up with some wizarding documentation from the Ministry of Magic , which is essentially a kind of travel visa for Newt himself .
Some readers may be somewhat disappointed by this still mainly because — aside from the amusingly disgruntled photo of our hero — it may not seem to be all that special at first glance . Yet , like all good magical objects , there are some titillating tidbits concealed within .
For example , the image provides us with a good look at the Ministry of Magic 's snazzy logo in the '30s which , as we know , is somewhat different by the time that # HarryPotter and his friends are knocking around Hogwarts . By showing us this change , we get a sense of just how many years before Harry 's time this prequel series takes place . On another note , Newt 's birthday has been revealed as the 24 February 1897 , which is notable in itself . # JKRowling has often used specific dates to emphasize certain character traits and plot points throughout her work , so the fact that Newt belongs to the Pisces star sign is very appropriate in light of his gentle and solitary nature .
Additionally , we 've already heard that War & Peace 's Callum Turner is going to be introduced in the new # FantasticBeasts as Newt 's brother , Theseus Scamander – a decorated Auror and war hero . Therefore , the “ list of family members ” section at the bottom of the document hints that we 'll definitely become more acquainted with Newt 's family in the sequel .
But the most significant item on Newt 's visa is the “ notice of travel permit application denial ” which is apparently due to the fact that he was “ uncooperative and evasive on reasons for last trip. ” We may not know where Newt 's trying to head to , but we ca n't say we blame him for not saying anything about his last trip . Indeed , his reticence may have something to do with the fact that he accidentally let a suitcase full of creatures loose on New York City . By doing this , Newt inadvertently flouted the International Statute of Secrecy and almost allowed Gellert Grindelwald 's ( # JohnnyDepp ) war become a reality .
So , whilst we can understand why Newt does n't want to tell his bosses about that somewhat scandalous affair , we ca n't help but wonder whether his unwillingness to talk hints at something more ...
Newt Scamander , Magizoologist And… Spy ?
In the newly revised edition of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them book , an aged Newt spends a large portion of his foreword addressing rumors about his career . Indeed , Scamander stoutly rebuffs Rita Skeeter 's claims that his caring for magical creatures was a cover for his secret career in espionage ! Although it 's clear that he 's no spook during the first Fantastic Beasts movie , Newt still never denies that he became an agent for Albus Dumbledore . Indeed , it seems that even in his old age , our hero was very secretive about the New York incident , and with anything Dumbledore-related in general . Naturally , we here at Movie Pilot felt the wizard protested far too much , and the new synopsis for Fantastic Beasts 2 seems to have confirmed that Newt has been denying his involvement in some pretty sensational shenanigans .
Certainly , the outline for Fantastic Beasts 2 says that we will catch up with Newt and co. several months after their capture of Gellert Grindelwald in the first film . But , as he promised in that movie 's climax , Grindelwald manages to escape , forcing a noticeably younger Dumbledore ( # JudeLaw ) to consult with Newt .
So what has Newt been up to in the gap between these two stories ? Is Grindelwald still trying to harness the power of Obscurials ? And is it Newt 's deep knowledge of Obscurials that Dumbledore desires , or does Scamander 's mentor and close friend require something else to combat Grindelwald 's villainy ?
It 's unclear whether Dumbledore 's ex- lover is in possession of the all-powerful Elder Wand or not at this point . Either way though , Grindelwald 's already a formidable foe , one who has managed to attract even more followers to his dark cause by the time that the Fantastic Beasts sequel takes place . With that infamous 1945 battle between the two mighty wizards looming on the horizon , the future headmaster of Hogwarts is certainly going to need all the help that he can get !
In regards to the newly released picture though , it does n't look like Newt 's current travel ban will last for too long . After all , we already know that director David Yates will be spiriting our cast of colorful characters to Paris and beyond in the sequel . Moreover , with fresh faces like Ólafur Darri Ólafsson 's wizarding circus master and the return of old players such as Ezra Miller 's Credence Barebone , November 2018 just ca n't come fast enough !
In the meantime though , make sure you keep checking back with Movie Pilot for the latest Fantastic Beasts news and rumors !
Do you have any theories about what will happen in Fantastic Beasts 2 ? Head to the comments and let us know !
( Source : The Independent )
`` I can only say sorry '' for the injuries , Millo told Catalonia 's TV3 television .
He also tempered the apology by saying the Catalan government was responsible for the situation by encouraging people to vote despite the constitutional Court order suspending the referendum .
Spain has defended police actions , saying there were firm and proportionate . Videos on Sunday saw police yanking voters and others by their hair and kicking and hitting them .
Catalan authorities say about 900 people were treated for injuries during Sunday 's vote , when Spain 's anti-riot squads fired rubber bullets , smashed into polling stations and beat protesters with batons to disperse voters .
The political turmoil has led to unease in Spain 's business sector . Spain 's main stock index was down slightly Friday , with Catalan banks leading losses amid the uncertainty .
Spain 's government approved a decree Friday that would make it easier for Catalan companies to move base out of the region . The move will allow for the relocation of the registration of Caixabank —Spain 's third largest bank in global volume of assets . Caixabank 's board was due to meet in Barcelona on Friday to discuss the issue .
At least half a dozen companies , including the fifth largest lender , Banco Sabadell , have already relocated from Catalonia or agreed to do it .
`` It 's very sad what we are seeing , '' Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said Friday . `` This is the result of an irresponsible policy that is causing uneasiness in the business community . ''
In Madrid , Spain 's National Court unconditionally released two senior officers of Catalonia 's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups being investigated for sedition in connection with the referendum . The four are to be questioned again in coming days .
The case is linked to Sept. 20-21 demonstrations in Barcelona , when Spanish police arrested several Catalan government officials and raided offices in a crackdown on referendum preparations .
The four are Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero , Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana , Jordi Sanchez , the head of the Catalan National Assembly , and Jordi Cuixart , president of separatist group Omnium Cultural .
After being questioned for about an hour , Trapero left the courthouse to applause by Basque and Catalan party representatives and insults from bystanders .
`` I ask strongly that the Spanish government , the national parliament and the head of state ( the king ) understand that time and the hours are very important to find a debated solution and give way to a political solution , '' Sanchez said .
Laplana , who had remained in Barcelona , declined to testify for medical reasons while Cuixart refused to testify , saying he did n't recognize the court 's capacity to question him for a crime he did n't commit .
Spanish authorities say the demonstrations hindered the Spanish police operation , and that Catalan police did n't do enough to push back protesters blocking Spanish police officers from leaving a building .
Carles Campuzano , the spokesman for the Democratic Party of Catalonia , described the hearing Friday as an outrage , saying that demonstrations could not be considered illegal .
`` It 's just another expression of the absolutely mistaken , authoritarian , repressive response by the ( Spanish ) state to the pacific , democratic and civic demand of Catalan society , '' he told reporters .
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has urged Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid `` greater evils . ''
___
Parra reported from Barcelona . Frank Griffiths contributed from London .
By Ciaran Giles And Aritz Parra , The Associated Press
BOSTON -- Massachusetts ' highest court has upheld the state cap on charter schools .
The Supreme Judicial Court on Tuesday , in a decision written by Justice Kimberly Budd , agreed with a Superior Court judge and dismissed a case brought by five public school students challenging the charter cap .
`` The education clause ( in the Massachusetts Constitution ) provides a right for all the Commonwealth 's children to receive an adequate education , not a right to attend charter schools , '' Budd wrote .
The five students , whose attorneys filed the brief without using their names , are assigned to low-performing schools in Boston . They all wanted to switch to charter schools but failed to get seats through the lottery that determines entry .
They challenged the state cap , which effectively limits the number of students who can attend charter schools .
The students claimed that their schools do not provide an adequate education , and the charter school cap violates the state 's constitutional requirement to provide an adequate education to all students and the constitution 's equal protection clause .
Charter schools in Massachusetts are controversial because , while they are public schools , they take money away from district public schools . Tuition money paid by the state follows the child from the district school to the charter school . While public schools get some reimbursement for a short time , that reimbursement has not been fully funded by the Legislature for years .
The state imposed the charter school cap to limit the amount of money districts can spend on charter school education as opposed to traditional public education . The cap also limits the total number of charter schools that can operate in the state .
Charter schools do not have the same requirements as other public schools in terms of local governance or union contracts that govern things like staffing and schedule .
A 2016 ballot question would have expanded the number of charter schools allowed in Massachusetts , but that was overwhelmingly rejected by the voters . The issue has frequently come up before the Legislature .
Budd wrote that the students failed to prove that the state is not fulfilling its constitutional duty to provide all students with an adequate education .
`` Although the plaintiffs ' complaint supports their claim that the education provided in their schools is , for the moment , inadequate , they have not alleged any facts to support a claim that the Commonwealth 's public education plan does not provide reasonable assurance of improvements for their schools ' performance over a reasonable period of time , '' she wrote .
Budd wrote that the court can not establish that students have a right to attend a charter school when other means of providing them with an adequate education are available - for example , improving low-performing public schools . Budd wrote that the means of ensuring students get an adequate education is a policy decision that should be made by the Legislature .
`` Whether to divert an increased amount of school district funds from traditional public schools to charter schools to comply with the education clause mandate is a choice for the Legislature , not for the courts , '' Budd wrote .
The court also rejected the equal protection claim .
Budd , in her decision , acknowledged that funding of traditional public schools is negatively affected by the expansion of charter schools , and wrote that the cap is an attempt to mitigate that . She also described other policy purposes of the cap - such as limiting the loss of local control and ensuring that charter schools are used as models for district schools to replicate practices that work .
Gov . Charlie Baker and Education Secretary Jim Peyser both support expanding access to charter schools . Peyser was named as a defendant in the lawsuit . A spokeswoman for the state Executive Office of Education said Peyser would not be available to comment .
The plaintiffs ' attorneys , William Lee , Paul Ware and Michael Keating , said in a statement that the SJC 's decision `` is a disappointment for those interested in and committed to providing a meaningful education for all the children of Massachusetts . ''
`` While we disagree with the outcome and the Court 's reasoning , we are heartened that the SJC has re-affirmed the Commonwealth 's commitment to providing an adequate public education to all our children , '' the students ' attorneys said . `` We hope that the legislative and executive branches will ensure that this obligation is fulfilled . ''
Attorney General Maura Healey called the ruling `` a victory for public education and democracy . ''
`` Massachusetts public schools are among the strongest in the country , but there is still more to be done to ensure that every child gets a high-quality education , '' Healey said in a statement . `` Today 's decision reaffirms that change must come from the people of Massachusetts , not special interest-driven litigation . ''
Barbara Madeloni , president of the Massachusetts Teachers Association , which filed a brief in the case , called the ruling an `` excellent decision . ''
`` They make it clear that charter schools in fact are detrimental to public schools , and they affirm the decision of the voters back in 2016 , '' Madeloni said . `` I think we can now put raising the charter cap to bed here in Massachusetts and work on fully funding our public schools . ''
Madeloni noted that charter school advocates tried to raise the cap legislatively , through the ballot and through the courts , and have failed each time . `` They do n't have anything to stand on , '' Madeloni said .
A representative of the Massachusetts Charter Public School Association , which was not part of the lawsuit , said charter schools will continue to grow under the existing law .
`` We firmly believe that enrollment caps continue to arbitrarily deny families the high quality choices that charter public schools offer families and children , '' the association 's executive director , Tim Nicolette , said in a statement . `` However , there are many communities in the Commonwealth that still have room under existing caps , and we expect to continue to grow in those communities in the slow , steady way we have for the past 20 years . ''
When Oakman Inns was founded 12 years ago by its CEO , Peter Borg-Neal , his vision was that he would not only create a highly-regarded , very successful business but that Oakman Inns would be a sustainable organisation that would contribute to its local community rather than exploit it .
Oakman , which runs The Globe in Warwick and Four Alls at Welford on Avon , is ditching plastic straws this weekend .
Peter Borg-Neal CEO of Oakman Inns
As the company 's many awards and accolades testify , Oakman has consistently achieved those aims . However , over the years that vision has broadened to encompass a much more holistic approach to sustainability and the Oakman team always believes there is more to do .
Which is why My Borg-Neal and his colleagues are launching their own BAN THE STRAW campaign - # banthestraw - on Earth Day this Saturday April 22 , declaring “ we believe straws suck ” .
The company currently uses over 100,000 plastic straws a month across its 17-strong group . While the company is highly-rated by The Sustainable Restaurant Association for its many green policies including plastic , glass and container recycling , the sheer number of straws consumed had begun to be a concern .
“ Our monthly straw consumption sounds enormous , but compared to the estimated 500m straws that are used and discarded in the USA every day , it 's still a hugely dangerous and an everlasting drop in the ocean . And that is rather the point , “ explains Peter . “ It sounds ridiculous , but it is entirely accurate to say , that every plastic straw that was ever made , still exists today . They pollute landfills , rivers , roadsides , sewers , beaches and of course oceans and this relatively small amount that this pub group is taking out of circulation , needs to be repeated by every one of my colleagues across the hospitality industry . ”
If customers ask for a straw , they will , of course , be offered an eco-friendly alternative , as Oakman is entirely sympathetic to their customers ' wishes .
Alex Ford , Oakman 's operations director , said ; “ From 2020 , all plastic cutlery and plates will be banned in France . Bangladesh was the first country in the world in 2002 to ban plastic shopping bags and California banned single-use plastic bags in 2014 . Yes , the UK has introduced a charge for plastic carrier bags and has banned microbeads , the tiny plastic balls used in cosmetics and cleaning products , but I believe we all have to do more . Because pretty soon , every fish we eat will have ingested some plastic and that will become a truly global environmental disaster that will probably be impossible to solve . ”
Peter added : “ At Oakman we try to live by our values every day , and we hope that those values and our commitment to sustainability means that everyone here is contributing to a better future for us all . ”
Barton County Sheriff 's Office Incident Log ( 2/1 )
Burglary / Not in Progress
At 5:03 p.m. a residential burglary was reported at 611 Windmill Ln .
Child in Need of Care
At 8:31 p.m. a child was need of care at 152 SE 60 Road .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY , MO – The Barack Obama Elementary School employee said he has no ax to grind with the school district but wants to get the word out about how he says overly aggressive things can get inside of this elementary school .
The footage , given to Fox 2 by an employee and blurred out to protect the identity of students allegedly shows the assistant principal trying to restrain a 3rd-grade student .
The concerned employee , who asked to remain anonymous , is claiming the administrator used unreasonable force in the altercation .
“ When I see things like this I feel vulnerable , ” the worker said . “ I feel at a crossroad because I know I am a mandated reporter . ”
It 's unclear what led up to what you 're seeing in the video , but it 's an occurrence the worker says he witnesses often .
“ Unfortunately , it 's almost become the norm of the building that this is just what it is , ” the employee said .
That 's why when this happened , the employee tells Fox 2 he had to pull out his phone and capture it on video .
“ Certain things are caught on camera and certain things are left unseen unless approached , ” he said .
Normandy School Collaborative declined an on-camera interview request but released this statement about the incident saying
`` Once the video was shared with us , we immediately began an investigation into this matter . We want to be sure to gather all the facts and interview the relevant parties to ensure all processes were followed related to the safety of all students involved . As this is a personnel matter that also involves a student , this is all the information we can share at this time . ''
The concerned worker , on the other hand , is hoping more is done to address this issue .
“ I think that children should learn by example and if we 're teaching children not to fight and not to use aggression and not to use their size on other children , ” he said . “ I think that message is being tarnished when it happens from our administration . ”
BUSINESS
The US Federal Reserve is not expected to unveil a surprise shift in its monetary policy position following this week 's rate-setting meeting , market analysts said Tuesday .
The Federal Open Market Committee is tipped to raise interest rates at the Tuesday-Wednesday meeting to be presided over first by new Fed Chair Jerome Powell .
A growing number of market experts have predicted that the US Federal Reserve will jack up interest rates four times this year , from an earlier estimate of three , on solid economic growth and rising inflationary pressure .
Market watchers have expressed concerns that the FOMC may accelerate its monetary tightening as it has turned more hawkish amid a bullish assessment of the world 's largest economy .
But most analysts here said the Fed will not likely make a market-jolting decision since the market has already factored in the Fed 's expected rate rise in March .
`` The Fed is expected to jack up interest rates at this week 's meeting and continue to normalize its monetary policy this year but will not conduct rate hikes at too fast a pace , '' said Yoon Yeo-sam , a researcher at Meritz Securities Co. `` It may be burdensome to Powell to disclose information at his first news conference after a rate-setting meeting , which could jolt the market . ''
Fed Chair Jerome Powell ( Yonhap )
Koo Hye-young of NH Investment & Securities Co. expressed a similar view . `` The Fed is expected to raise interest rates by 0.25 percentage point at this week 's meeting and revise up its inflation forecast for next year , '' she said . `` In line with its policy tack of gradual rate hikes , the Fed will likely adjust the pace of rate rises after it becomes more confident about inflation . `` Should the Fed raise interest rates as is widely expected , the federal funds rate would hover above South Korea 's benchmark rate , with the gap likely to gather pace in the coming months.Currently , South Korea 's base rate stands at 1.5 percent , the same as the upper end of the US policy rate . In November , the Bank of Korea hiked its key rate by a quarter percentage point to 1.5 percent amid clear signs of an economic recovery , ending its 16-month standpat stance.Despite the possibility of a rate reversal in the US and South Korea , analysts said the BOK is more likely to jack up key rates in July than in May , given the downside risks for Asia 's fourth-largest economy . `` There is a greater possibility of the BOK carrying out a rate increase in July as the local economy is faced with more downside risks than expected earlier , '' said Yoon of Meritz Securities . `` The government 's extra budget meant to create more jobs may come as a drag on the BOK 's rate raise in May . `` Kim Ji-man , an analyst at HMC Investment Securities Co. , echoed the view . `` The BOK is highly likely to leave the benchmark interest rate unchanged in the first half of the year due to low inflation and growing trade pressure from the US , '' Kim said.Some analysts , however , predicted the BOK to raise interest rates in the second quarter and carry out another rate hike in the second half of the year to rein in snowballing household debt and the property market . ( Yonhap )
It 's the end of an online era !
AOL is officially ending AIM . According to the company “ We 've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15 , 2017 ” .
Obviously with newer technology like text messaging & social media all played a role in the demise of AIM .
Awe , Goodbye Buddy List , it was fun while it lasted !
Numsa said its 350 000 members will be part of the national strike planned by labour federation Saftu . Picture : Ayanda Ndamane/African News Agency/ANA
Johannesburg - South Africa 's biggest union , Numsa , said its 350 000 members will be part of the national strike planned by labour federation Saftu on Wednesday .
Numsa general secretary Irvin Jim said the union is calling on all its members in the motor , tyre , bus and mining industry to join the national strike on Wednesday .
The strike is spearheaded by the newly established federation Saftu and its affiliates .
The federation is not happy with the amendments to labour laws that is currently underway in Parliament . The new labour laws include the introduction of a national minimum wage of R3500 , which equals to R20 hour for workers .
The national minimum wage was expected to come into effect on May 1 , but has since be derailed as key aspects need to amended .
Other amendments will see unions having to conduct secret ballots from members before going on strike . Saftu said this will frustrate workers and unions .
Saftu believes the R20 an hour minimum wage is an insult to workers and will not help to remove them from the poverty line .
Jim said a minimum wage should help uplift workers and that workers in Marikana , who died during the salary strike in 2012 , were being insulted by the wage .
`` We are not fools we can see through the cheap plot of the department of labour supported by Cyril Ramaphosa where previously sectoral determination was used to improve benefits and wages for vulnerable workers , this has been replaced with low wages , '' said Jim .
`` We understand the governments agenda for what it is , an attack on the working class and in particular organised labour . Workers in Marikana died for a minimum wage of R12 000 and the ANC government spits in their graves with this R20 . ''
But Wednesday 's strike will not have the backing of big union federations such as Cosatu and Fedusa .
Cosatu has distanced itself from the strike and said that it supports the national minimum wage and that Saftu 's strike is based on a fabrication of facts .
Fedusa said it also does not support the strike and mentioned similar reasons as Cosatu . The federation said it also supports the minimum wage .
Both Fedusa and Cosatu believe that participating in the strike would go against the gains made so far in attaining a national minimum wage .
Fedusa , Cosatu and Nactu form the labour constituency at the National Economic , Development and Labour Council ( Nedlac ) .
The three played a role in negotiating the national minimum wage .
Saftu is not part of Nedlac , and its unclear if the federation 's strike will have any influence on the legislative processes currently underway .
Political Bureau
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steven Spielberg followed his first major box-office success Jaws with this epic science fiction adventure about a disparate group of people who attempt to contact alien intelligence .
And it seems like the director behind E.T . The Extra Terrestrial and War of the Worlds was hoping to contact alien life himself while making the much loved Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
The movie celebrates its 40th anniversary this year , and in a new featurette from the special edition 4K Blu-ray box set , Spielberg reveals he believes we 're not alone in the universe .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
The 70-year-old Hollywood veteran says initially he was n't trying to make a sci-fi film when he wrote the script and directed the award winning film .
The premise of the movie revolves around a line worker who feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness after he encounters a UFO
Spielberg jokes that he tried to do the same thing .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
“ If I thought of it as a science fiction film , I would n't have taken so many drives out to Californian deserts hoping to find and actually having a UFO sighting , which I by the way I 've never had a UFO sighting .
“ The one person who deserves to have a UFO sighting , it has n't happened yet for me . ”
Spielberg 's belief in aliens is n't all that surprising given his history of space-based movies after Close Encounters of a Third Kind but it is clear it 's what helped him created this highly revered film forty years ago .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
He continues : “ I really believed that there was something up there . I still believe we 're not alone in the universe .
“ So I was kind of in those days , thinking 'well there might be something to this . ' ”
The Close Encounters of the Third Kind 40th Anniversary 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray editions are out on October 9th .
Tweed takes on a futuristic form this winter with barely-there slithers of silver thread shining through intricate weaves . Bring knits into a new-era with glistening , high-shine footwear , head-pieces and thigh-skimming hemlines . Watch the behind-the-scenes video of our October shoot for full details .
Directed by : Dominic Clarke
Styled by : Kelly Baldwin
Photographer : Markus Lambert | Model : Marta Pawlowska | Makeup artist : Jihye Sim | Hair stylist : Davide Barbieri | Styling assistant : Melissa Von Doom | Clothes : Chanel
ICC Women 's World Cup Qualifier 2017 : India closes in on place in ICC Women 's World Cup 2017 with impressive win over South Africa
India and South Africa had topped their respective groups and carried a maximum of four points from the preliminary league .
by Press Release Report 15 Feb 2017 , 20:14 IST
Mithali Raj scored a match-winning half-century
India closed in on a berth in the ICC Women 's World Cup 2017 after a resilient 49 runs win over South Africa while Sri Lanka and Bangladesh also registered notable wins on Wednesday in the first round of Super Six matches at the ICC Women 's World Cup Qualifier 2017 .
India captain Mithali Raj starred in what was seen as a high-profile match since India and South Africa had topped their respective groups and carried a maximum of four points from the preliminary league to the second stage in which they play teams from the other preliminary group . The top four from the Super Six qualify not only for the ICC Women 's World Cup 2017 but also for the ICC Women 's Championship .
India has one foot in the door with three wins but with Sri Lanka defeating Pakistan by five wickets and Bangladesh beating Ireland by seven wickets in other matches on Wednesday , there is a mathematical chance of five teams finishing at par at the end of the league .
Asked to bat first , India got off to a slow start , scoring only 14 off the first 10 overs but the complexion of the game changed once Raj came to the crease . She and opener Mona Meshram lifted the team with a fine 96-run second wicket stand to help put up a competitive 205 for eight . Raj scored 64 off 85 balls with 10 fours and Meshram got 55 off 85 balls with five fours and two sixes .
South Africa 's reply suffered some early setbacks and it was reduced to 41 for three in the 19th over as openers Lizelle Lee ( one ) and Laura Wolvaardt ( zero ) as well as former captain Mignon du Preez ( 15 ) could not do much . Pace bowler Shikha Pandey and left-arm spinner Ekta Bisht , who shared the new ball , finished with four and three wickets , respectively , as South Africa folded for 156 in 46.4 overs .
India captain Mithali Raj : “ The win today definitely eases the pressure on us , especially for the last match of the Super League against Pakistan . It also gives us time to assess what all we are not doing right so that we can improve on those aspects in the coming matches . ”
Host Sri Lanka had a memorable outing as it restricted Pakistan to 212 for seven and got to its target with 16 deliveries to spare .
For Pakistan , opener Nahida Khan ( 64 ) and Javeria Khan ( 63 ) put on a steady 119-run stand for the second wicket . Both batters fell to pace bowler Chamari Polgampola , who along with captain and left-arm spinner Inoka Ranaweera , grabbed two wickets .
For Sri Lanka , Eshani Lokusiriyage ( 65 not out ) and Prasadani Weerakkody ( 45 ) helped the team reach the target after openers Nipuni Hansika ( 37 ) and Chamari Athapaththu ( 35 ) set the platform with a 75-run partnership .
Sri Lanka captain Inoka Ranaweera : “ We were focussed and determined going into today 's match . We had aimed to restrict them to 200 but a little over that did not bother us . I thought our team produced a fine combined effort , with the batters doing especially well . ”
In another match , Bangladesh bowled out Ireland for 144 in 47.1 overs with new-ball bowlers Jahanara Alam and Panna Ghosh sharing five scalps and spinners Khadija Tul Kubra and Rumana Ahmed chipping in with two wickets each .
Ireland was reduced to 15-2 as Alam removed Cecilia Joyce ( three ) and Kim Garth ( zero ) early on and Ireland could not get the run-rate going in the face of some tight bowling . A target of 145 was attained with ease as opener Sharmin Akhtar ( 52 ) , Fargana Hoque ( 34 not out ) and captain Rumana Ahmed ( 24 not out ) batted solidly .
Bangladesh captain Rumana Ahmed : “ It was a good all-round performance . Our pacers did very well in their first spells and then the spinners came on to do their job . Our batters too did well in a low-scoring game . ”
Scores in brief :
India beat South Africa by 49 runs at P. Sara Stadium
India 205-8 in 50 overs ( Mithali Raj 64 , Mona Meshram 55 , Marizanne Kapp 2-23 , Ayabonga Khaka 2-44 ) .
South Africa 156 all out in 46.4 overs ( Trisha Chetty 52 , Marizanne Kappe 29 , Shikha Pandey 4-34 , Ekta Bisht 3-22 ) .
Sri Lanka beat Pakistan by five wickets at Nondescripts Cricket Club
Pakistan 212-7 in 50 overs ( Nahida Khan 64 , Javeria Khan 63 , Inoka Ranaweera 2-33 , Chamari Palgampola 2-34 ) .
Sri Lanka 216-5 in 47.4 overs ( Eshani Lokusuriyae 65 , Prasadani Weerakkody 45 , Nipuni Hansika 37 , Nasra Sandhu 2-37 , Ghulam Fatima 2-28 ) .
Bangladesh beat Ireland by seven wickets at Colombo Cricket Club
Ireland 144 in 47.1 overs ( Clare Shillington 37 , Laura Delany 37 , Jahanara Lam 3-21 , Panna Ghosh 2-16 , Khadija Tul Kubra 2-26 , Rumana Ahmed 2-50 )
Bangladesh 145-3 in 39.1 overs ( Sharmin Akhtar 52 , Fargana Hoque 34 not out ) .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Russian warships test fired powerful cruise missiles in an intimidating display of strength by Russia 's Pacific fleet .
Dramatic footage released yesterday by the Russian Defence Ministry showed ships taking part in firing exercises in an apparent show of naval strength .
According to the ministry , the joint firing drill involved large antisubmarine ships Admiral Tributs and Admiral Vinogradov along with the country 's guided missile cruiser Varyag .
A tactical task force also held an exercise simulating submarine-hunting which involved launching torpedoes and antisubmarine rockets .
Russian news agency TASS reported a target , simulated to be an enemy ship , was 'successfully ' struck by cruise missiles during the drills .
Russian Pacific Fleet spokesman Captain 2nd Rank Nikolai Voskresensky said : `` Today , the Pacific Fleet flagship , the Order of Nakhimov Guards missile cruiser Varyag has carried out a combat training exercise as part of the Primorye all-arms flotilla 's tactical drills ongoing in the Sea of Japan to fire Bazalt cruise missiles against a sea shield simulating a notional enemy 's surface ship .
According to Mr Voskresensky , the target was struck according to `` live recording equipment and the target 's visual inspection , '' TASS reported .
The drills of the Russian Pacific fleet started on Friday .
It involves up to 30 battleships and service vessels as well as 20 navy jets and helicopters .
Earlier this month , the Russian military said it was closely watching the situation around Syria and was aware of the movements of a US naval strike force headed for the Gulf .
Russian officials said the US strike force was due to arrive in the Middle East at the start of May .
“ We are attentively tracking the situation unfolding around Syria and in the whole region , ” the Russian Defence Ministry said in a statement .
It also reacted to a warning of imminent military action in Syria from U . President Donald Trump .
“ Instead of talking about the coalition 's readiness to fire missiles at Syria , the United States would do better to rebuild the destroyed city ( of Raqqa ) and provide wide-ranging help to its suffering population , ” the ministry said in a statement .
It repeated its assertion that a suspected chemical weapon attack carried out in the Syrian town of Douma had been faked by the “ White Helmets ” organisation , rejecting Western allegations that Syrian government forces were responsible for it .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
KRISTEN MULLEN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Elvis impersonator Mike Naperoski sings to Lizzie Breznay , center , of Plains Twp. , and her aunt Jeanine Wolczyk of Wilkes-Barre during the annual Wilkes-Barre VA Medical Center patient carnival at the VA Medical Center in Plains Twp .
PLAINS TWP . — While potato pancakes sizzled nearby , Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center patient Robert Moore enjoyed some time outside , eating lunch in the sun .
“ It 's a beautiful day , ” he said .
Moore , a Vietnam War veteran , attended the VA 's annual Inpatient Carnival outside the facility on Sunday afternoon , surrounded by food and tables from local organizations aimed at serving veterans .
“ I 'm getting to thank the people here that do so much for us all day long , ” he said . “ They always thank me for my service — I tell them it was my honor to serve . ”
Deb Schlosser , chief of voluntary service at the VA , said the 52-year-old Inpatient Carnival is one of the hospital 's most-anticipated recreational events every year .
“ It 's very uplifting for the patients , ” she said . “ They feel appreciated and it lifts their spirits . ”
Schlosser said 20 organizations sponsored the carnival this year .
Ann Edwards of Duryea came with the American Legion Auxilliary to support the carnvial . As hospital representative for the group , she organizes bingo nights at the VA for the patients .
“ We sponsor two bingos a month , ” she said . “ We 're here all the time . ”
She said the bingo nights and Sunday 's carnival give her a chance to give back to local veterans .
Contact the writer :
sscinto @ citizensvoice.com
570-821-2048 ,
@ sscintoCV on Twitter
Maidenhead v Hartlepool
Maidenhead takes on Hartlepool on Saturday 12th August , 2017 , with kickoff at 12:30 . This match is currently being shown LIVE on BT Sports .
So far , these two sides have played four games this season , and between them have amassed a total of two points in that time period . If that sounds unimpressive , it is , but do n't forget that for every winner there are about twenty losers these days , and that could well be Maidenhead and Hartlepool 's fate for this term .
They wo n't want that to be the case of course , and a big win here would be the first step on the road to making this a more optimistic , happy and potentially fruitful endeavour than it might otherwise have been .
Maidenhead v Hartlepool is LIVE on BT Sports .
Los Angeles Chargers guard Matt Slauson had very high praise for his fellow rookie offensive linemen in an interview with Hardwick and Richards on Fox Sports radio .
The two rookies he spoke highly of were Chargers guards Dan Feeney and Forrest Lamp . Slauson mentioned that he was “ really impressed ” and they were “ playing at a level that 's beyond what you see rookies play at . ”
Despite being second and third round draft picks , Feeney and Lamp seem to be playing like veterans . Usually , when rookies see an exotic blitz scheme they make mistakes , but both rookies have “ been on it since they got here . ”
Also , it is easy to “ see football instincts in them , ” which is another characteristic of a veteran and not a rookie .
Overall , Los Angeles needs to protect aging Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers , and it seems like they found two great pieces to do that for now and in the future .
ROME ( AP ) - Police in northern Italy found a small arsenal of Kalashnikovs , pistols and ammunition hidden in the trunk of a rental car and arrested the Bosnian man who was driving it .
The ANSA news agency says police believe the car , which had Swiss license plates , was headed to Barcelona when they stopped it on a routine check April 19 in Gorizia , near Italy 's northeast border with Croatia and Austria .
ANSA says police became suspicious when they found two Berettas in a bag . They then proceeded to search the rest of the car and found several guns in the spare wheel well of the trunk and another stash under the back seat .
The 52-year-old Bosnian was being held on suspicion of possession and transport of weapons of war .
3 players Chelsea should target to replace Eden Hazard
A look at 3 players who could be a possible replacement for Hazard at Chelsea , should the Belgian move in the summer
Shyam Kamal ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018 , 17:37 IST 7.51K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Who can Chelsea turn to if their wrecker-in-charge leaves ?
For over half a season now , Hazard 's future at Chelsea has hung in the balance . At times , everyone is confident that Hazard loves the club and will stay there till the end of time and the next moment , it seems common knowledge that he is on his way out of the club .
With Chelsea 's manager problem not sorted out , and with reports surfacing that the board is still waiting to pay Sarri 's release clause , further turmoil lies ahead . It was clear during the last season that Conte 's tactics are not effectively utilizing Hazard , as long balls hoofed up front are not what he is good at .
When Costa played , it was much easier for the Belgian as these two played off each other . Morata being in poor form for the greater part of the season must have messed up Hazard , as he was the key to Conte 's dominance the previous season . While Hazard is still great , it is understandable that he wants to move to a team where is he better used .
If Hazard does decide to leave , it will be of utmost importance to Chelsea that they replace him . Here 's a look at 3 such players who can fill his boots :
# 3 Riyad Mahrez
Mahrez has the quality , but is almost on his way to Manchester City
Okay , this one might be a little too late as Mahrez is close to moving to City for 75 million pounds .
If you wonder why City are going for Mahrez despite having both Sterling and Sane , it is simply because Mahrez is just that good . In the Premier League , he is the closest in playing style to Hazard and City are right to go for him .
As much as the move makes sense for City , it is a little weird from Mahrez 's perspective - he would go from a certain starter at Leicester City to be rotated at City . He already has a winner 's medal too , so it would n't matter as much to him as it does to others who are chasing it .
Leicester had a poor season last year , finishing only in the 9th place but Mahrez was still excellent - scoring 13 goals and assisting 10 more across all competitions . At Chelsea , he will have the potential to help them to one more medal , but at the moment it seems unlikely .
From Charles Kennedy : U.S. refiners continue to expand their footprint , exporting record volumes of product abroad . The U.S. refining complex exported nearly 4 million barrels per day of gasoline , distillates and propane , helped by operational issues in refineries in Latin America .
“ The high exports are due to the poor refinery operations that we 're seeing in Mexico and Venezuela , creating a demand for a record amount of exports off the Gulf Coast , ” Andy Lipow , president of Lipow Oil Associates LLC , told Bloomberg in an interview .
Gasoline exports have doubled since the summer , exceeding 1 million barrels per day in recent weeks . There are a few reasons for this development . Over the past few years , refiners have taken advantage of record U.S. crude oil production to churn out ever more refined petroleum products . Also , the discount that WTI has traded at relative to Brent has made U.S. products more competitive abroad . Refiners purchase cheaper WTI , refine it into gasoline and distillates , and export the products abroad at prices that are more closely linked to higher Brent prices .
But that does not explain the more recent spike in exports . Demand abroad is rising quickly and some refineries have had issues with operations . The decrepit state of Venezuela 's oil industry has led to declines in production . Mexico has struggled to increased refined output , even as demand rises .
The situation has led the market contango for gasoline futures to flip into a state of backwardation . Contango , in which front-month contracts sell at a discount to futures further out , is an indication of near-term oversupply . Backwardation , the reverse of a contango , is a symptom of market tightness . The front-month premium is inducing more production from U.S. Gulf Coast refiners . Thus , the higher level of exports .
It is not clear that the situation will last . China is increasing its exports to Latin America , a level of competition that could make it difficult for U.S. refiners . “ As they process more crude and they saturate the Asian markets , I expect that some of their products will make their way over to Central and South America , ” Lipow told Bloomberg . Also , Mexico just moved to liberalize gasoline prices , which will necessarily lead to price increases . Higher prices at the pump will likely put a dent in demand .
Still , for a year that has not been great for the downstream sector – refining margins have narrowed sharply compared to 2015 levels – U.S. refiners will be glad for the end of the year surge in exports .
The ECSTA PS71 ( right ) and Smasher ( Kumho Tire )
Kumho Tire , South Korea 's No . 2 tire maker , received two awards in the transport device category at this year 's iF Design Award taking place in Germany , the firm said Wednesday.The ECSTA PS71 , a high performance tire for sports sedans , and a futuristic concept tire dubbed the Smasher were recognized at the 64th iF Design Award.The event is organized by the International Forum Design of Germany and considered one of the world 's top three design awards. “ Kumho Tire has been recognized for innovation and design excellence . We received awards at the world 's top four design awards last year , and at this year 's iF Design Award , ” said Chung Taek-gyun , a head of Kumho Tire 's R & D Division.The ECSTA PS71 enables stable driving at high speeds through its rib-type center block design with grooves made around the circumference of the tire , the tire maker said.A flag icon is placed on the sidewall to represent the high performance product.The Smasher is a concept tire designed to withstand extreme off-road driving that had already received recognition at last year 's IDEA Award event.It was also installed on Ssangyong Motor 's compact SUV Tivoli at the IAA Motor Show 2015.The tire maker pointed out the grinder-shaped tire tread pattern as a distinct feature of the Smasher.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425 @ heraldcorp.com
April 13 : Hajdu 's department provides her with speaking points should she be asked about the issue during question period . At the back of the document is a mention of the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform : its project number from 2016 , the amount of approved funding ( $ 69,750 ) , the amount paid ( $ 56,695 ) and the number of jobs created ( 16 ) . Additional information has been blacked out of the documents because officials say it could cause financial harm to the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform . There is no mention of new eligibility requirements .
Dec. 8 : Hajdu 's officials provide her with another list of speaking points for question period , this time specifically about the new declaration . Officials recommend that she say the declaration `` is consistent with individual human rights in Canada , charter rights and case law '' and the Liberals ' `` commitment to human rights , which include women 's rights and women 's reproductive rights , and the rights of gender-diverse and transgender Canadians . ''
Dec. 19 : Hajdu 's department produces a set of media lines for the opening of applications for the Canada Summer Jobs program , as well as a set of questions and answers . The new attestation requirement is n't mentioned in the document . An applicant 's guide is also released . The guide says that sexual and reproductive rights includes `` the right to access safe and legal abortions . '' The guide says the point of the new rules is to prevent federal funding `` from flowing to organizations whose mandates or projects may not respect individual human rights . ''
2018
Jan. 30 : Hajdu 's department crafts an updated set of media lines now that the application period has been extended by a week . One of the reasons was due to `` recently provided supplementary information to address questions about what constitutes eligible and ineligible organizations , an organization 's core mandate and defining respect of individual human rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms . ''
Feb. 27 : Hajdu 's department crafts an updated set of media lines after applications close . The documents note the number of applications is on par with 2017 , that demand exceeds the available budget and also addresses the new eligibility rules . Are religious organizations ineligible ? `` No . ... Applicants are not asked to provide their views , beliefs or values as these are not taken into consideration during application for the program . '' Are religious groups being treated differently ? `` No . ... Faith based groups are required to meet the same eligibility criteria as any applicant . ''
March 21 : A group of religious organizations meet Hajdu about the eligibility criteria . One week later , the group releases a joint letter about the summer jobs requirements , saying it is `` extremely disappointed '' the Liberals wo n't change the wording faith-based groups find problematic . Hajdu tells them she 's open to further clarifying the intent of the language , but there does n't appear to be a promise that the wording around reproductive rights in particular would be removed .
April 24 : Hajdu announces the launch of jobs being funded through the 2018 version of the program , noting there are 3,000 first-time employers , that applications are on par with last year , and that hundreds of faith-based groups have received funding this year — meaning they marked the `` I attest '' box .
By The Canadian Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Addenbrooke 's is urging residents to stay away from A & E unless they urgently need treatment , as high volumes of patients arrive .
A spokesperson for the hospital told the News at at around 1pm today there were 70 patients waiting to be seen , and they could expect to be waiting around four hours .
She urged Cambridge residents not to turn up at A & E unless it was absolutely necessary .
The hospital did not comment on whether the spike in A & E patients was connected to the cold weather .
The spokesperson continued : `` I think it 's because they have had their Christmas break and this is the first day back at work and they think : 'We 'll just go to A & E ' . ''
The NHS advises that A & E is only for patients with serious and life-threatening conditions who need emergency care , such as those who are blacking out and choking , and those who have chest pain or blood loss .
Walk-in centres can provide on-the-day care for non-urgent conditions .
There 's a new reality dating show that 's bound to grab the attention of every Bachelor Nation fan . According to The Hollywood Reporter , ABC is premiering a new reality series called The Proposal by Mike Fleiss , who created The Bachelor . Based on all of the details revealed about the show so far , it 's going to be one that reality TV fans ca n't miss .
THR noted that the series is set to be 10 episodes long and will air sometime this summer ( an exact premiere date has not been set yet ) . What will the show entail exactly ? Well , it 's pretty out there , in the best way possible . Basically , if you thought that it was wild when a couple got engaged at the end of The Bachelor or The Bachelorette after knowing each other for a few months , just wait until you check out The Proposal .
Eligible daters ( aka bachelors and bachelorettes ... ) will compete in four pageant-style competitions — such as beachwear and answering romantic questions — during the course of an episode , all under the guise of impressing the mystery suitor . There are even some nice callbacks to The Bachelor with a couple rounds of the competition . ( The first round is called the first impression round ... just like that first impression rose , anyone ? ) The contestants also get to meet one of the suitors ' family members , a move they should just call hometown date-lite . The two finalists , after the four rounds of competition , then get to meet the mystery man or woman and they both have the ability to propose . It definitely sounds like there 's a lot of potential there for some drama .
To make the show even more exciting , it 's going to be hosted by someone from the Bachelor world you might already familiar with . Jesse Palmer , who was the lead on the fifth season of The Bachelor in 2004 , is going to give Chris Harrison a break this time around and take over the hosting helm for The Proposal .
Coincidentally enough , though , as THR noted , Palmer did not propose at the end of his stint on The Bachelor . It is a little ironic that they 'd choose one of the former leads who did n't propose on the show to host a show that 's all about proposing . But , hey , at least it was an honest choice to not propose and was way better than proposing to your finalist and breaking up with them , and ... you know .
And that small part from his reality TV past obviously should n't and wo n't get in the way of the former football player 's ability to host . He 's actually had a ton of experience with hosting duties , as he was previously a contributor on Good Morning America and currently hosts DailyMailTV , as Variety reported . Palmer seems like the perfect person to host The Proposal . He has all of that hosting experience and is all too familiar with the sometimes-wild nature of reality TV dating .
Steve Jennings/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The Proposal is n't the first non-Bachelor reality show that Fleiss has been involved in . The producer previously collaborated with fellow Bachelor producers Martin Hilton , James Breen , Jason Elrich to produce the Fox series Love Connection , which was hosted by Andy Cohen , per THR . All of Fleiss ' collaborators on Love Connection are also teaming up with him again for this new ABC series . Fleiss also executive produced yet another reality series with the goal of finding lasting love , Love at First Kiss , a 2016 series that lasted for one season on TLC .
While The Proposal wo n't have the same rose-related drama as The Bachelor , it definitely sounds like it 's worth a watch if you love everything about the OG ABC reality show .
Chip and Joanna Gaines have moved on from Fixer Upper , but they have not moved on from being charming as all get-out on TV . On Tuesday , April 24 , Fixer Upper 's Chip and Joanna appeared on The Today Show . Joanna was there to promote her new cookbook , Magnolia Table : A Collection of Recipes for Gathering . Chip was there to cheer Joanna on while she promoted her new cookbook . And yes , it was charming as all get-out .
At some point during the episode of the daily morning show , Chip left the warm studio , stood outside with the show 's audience , and held up an `` I < 3 Joanna Gaines ! '' poster . He was there to root for his wife like the number one Jo fan that he is . Chip tweeted ,
“ Jo 's cookbook is officially out ! Let me tell you , she 's poured her heart into this book , and I could n't be more proud . I think your belly is gon na love it as much as mine does . # fangirling # MagnoliaTableCookbook ”
Chip and Joanna are household names thanks to their hit HGTV program , Fixer Upper . The Waco , Texas-based series followed the couple as they flipped houses , wheeled away enormous `` before '' pictures , and knocked clients ' socks off for five seasons . But alas , all good things eventually come to an end . Last year , the Gaineses announced that their show would be over after Season 5 . The final episode of their home renovation series aired on April 3 .
In a blog post that went up on Magnolia 's website on Sept. 2017 , Chip and Joanna announced that they were officially stepping away from Fixer Upper after Season 5 . The couple wrote ,
“ It is with both sadness and expectation that we share the news that season 5 of Fixer Upper will be our last . While we are confident that this is the right choice for us , it has for sure not been an easy one to come to terms with . Our family has grown up alongside yours , and we have felt you rooting us on from the other side of the screen . How bittersweet to say goodbye to the very thing that introduced us all in the first place . ”
They added ,
“ Though our Fixer Upper chapter is coming to a close , we are n't done with Waco . We are n't done renovating homes . We are n't done designing things to make your home your favorite place on earth . We are n't done working towards restoration in all things or helping out those who could use a hand . In fact , in all of these things , we are just getting started . Who knows what the future holds , but we 're excited for whatever is around the bend and in the meantime , we will definitely be staying in touch . ”
Apparently , HGTV realized that fans needed to be eased into the post-Fixer Upper era , and so the channel gave fans Fixer Upper : Behind the Design , a companion series that premiered on April 10 . Chip and Joanna did not film new episodes for Behind the Design , but the offshoot does feature behind-the-scenes footage of Jo 's design process that was filmed when the HGTV power couple shot Season 5 . Every episode of the 15-episode companion series corresponds to a renovation from the final season of Fixer Upper . As the HGTV site put it ,
“ Joanna Gaines shares an in-depth look at how all the design decisions , details and decorating come together before the final reveal of each Fixer Upper house . She also reveals some never-before-seen design elements and shows how she , Chip and her design assistants work to meet their clients ' needs and style while overcoming design challenges that pop up along the way . ”
So , what are Chip and Joanna doing now that they 're done with Fixer Upper ? Oh , you know , just running a house flipping business , running a restaurant , running a furniture line , running a magazine , expecting their fifth child , and promoting Jo 's new cookbook .
And Tuesday 's cookbook promotion was about as lovely as a brand-new farmhouse sink .
Federal Trial Begins For Leaders Accused Of Occupying Wildlife Refuge
Audio will be available later today .
Federal prosecutors in Oregon are getting a second chance to prove the armed occupation of a wildlife refuge was illegal . Jury selection is underway in Portland , Oregon .
PROMOTION candidates Leeds United will attempt to move even further up the Championship table today when they host struggling Rotherham United at Elland Road ( 3pm ) .
There will also be plenty at stake for the visitors , who are desperate to close the gap on the teams above them in their battle for survival . To get you in the mood , check out our indispensable guide to the match .
Mark Dice
Mark Dice is an author and media analyst who exposes the liberal agenda , our celebrity obsessed culture , and the role mainstream media plays in shaping society . His new book is THE ILLUMINATI IN HOLLYWOOD . Order it now on Amazon.com or download the e-book right now from Kindle , iBooks , Nook , or Google Play . He has been featured on the History Channel 's Decoded , Ancient Aliens , and America 's Book of Secrets ; Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura , Secret Societies of Hollywood on E ! Channel , America Declassified on the Travel Channel , and is a frequent guest on Coast to Coast AM , The Alex Jones Show , and more .
Lightning fast download speeds could see customers go purely mobile .
Lightning fast download speeds could see customers go purely mobile .
Could a super-fast 5G wireless internet network be about to make the NBN redundant ? The West Australian
A parliamentary committee is preparing to question the business case for the $ 50 billion National Broadband Network amid fears the coming rollout of a super fast 5G wireless network will make much of the system redundant .
The joint standing committee on the NBN , which last year released deeply critical findings of the network , will question whether a generation of younger city dwellers might opt out of the NBN in favour of faster , next-generation mobile services .
Committee deputy chairman Josh Wilson said fast and reliable mobile broadband threatens to “ cut the lunch ” of the Federal Government 's NBN network .
“ It will leave parts of the NBN incapable of generating revenue , which undermines the whole business case , ” Mr Wilson said said .
“ It 's a nightmare scenario in which Australia gets a broadband network that is virtually obsolete at the point of delivery , and a big writedown in the value of the NBN to boot . ”
The committee is expected to outline in coming weeks the terms of reference for its investigation focusing on the business case .
Associate Professor Mark Gregory of RMIT University said the NBN risked becoming the greatest white elephant in Australian history .
“ I would suggest we could see 10 to 15 per cent of the nation going down the 5G path rather than committing to fixed lines , ” Dr Gregory said . “ The future today ( for the NBN ) is quite bleak . ”
WA Government Chief Information Officer Giles Nunis urged caution on the idea 5G might make the NBN obsolete .
He said the 5G rollout would take a long time , and daily use would be far more expensive .
NBN Co executive manager Tony Brown said 5G networks could not deliver the data allowances given by NBN .
“ At present NBN end-user premises are downloading a monthly average of close to 200GB per month compared to the average mobile download of below 10GB per month , ” Mr Brown said .
Under Labor 's plan in 2007 all homes would be connected by a network of fibre optics with the monopoly company onselling access to telcos .
NBN Co collects about $ 43 a month per connection from telcos for use of its network , though it needs $ 52 a month per connection to cover costs .
Tyrese Gibson has added fuel to the fire in his ongoing feud with 'Fast and Furious ' co-star Dwayne 'The Rock ' Johnson .
The 38-year-old rapper and actor , alongside fellow co-star Vin Diesel , has long been warring with Dwayne over the popular movie franchise ever since the former wrestler slammed some unnamed 'Fast and Furious ' stars on social media in 2016 .
Now , following the news that production of 'Fast and Furious 9 ' has been delayed until 2020 , but a spin-off movie starring Dwayne and Jason Statham is expected in 2019 , Tyrese has slammed the star for making the franchise `` about '' him .
In a rant posted on Instagram , Tyrese wrote : `` # PSA Congratulations to @ TheRockand your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @ hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU - And like you , DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post - Gn folks see you in 2020 April # FastFamily right ? Nah ..... it 's about # TeamDewayne ( sic ) ''
And Tyrese also poked fun at Dwayne 's 'Baywatch ' remake , which was a commercial flop .
He continued : `` # 3yrswill it is worth the wait ? # NoShaw just Hobbs will this be another # BayWatch ? Guy guys just relax I 'm just a passionate film critic ( sic ) ''
Vin Diesel , 50 , is also seemingly unhappy with the delayed production , as he also took to Instagram to post a picture of himself with Tyrese and the late Paul Walker - who died in a single vehicle collision in 2013 - which was simply captioned : `` Brotherhood ... ''
Tyrese then reposted the picture , and seemingly slammed Dwayne , 45 , for `` flying solo '' on the spin-off project , when he believes the franchise stars should stick together .
He wrote : `` # Repost # SwipeLeft - @ VinDiesel - Never confuse determination with desperation ..... What 's understood do n't have to be explained ...... 44 million just got the memo .... Although it appears to be .... I 've never been in this alone ........ # PerceptionVsReality # FastFamily like I said we do n't fly solo . President Obama 's integrity teachings is of a man who makes everyone feel like they MATTER ..... ( sic ) ''
And the rapper did n't stop there , as he even took to Dwayne 's own Instagram account to continue his rant in the comments of one of his posts .
Austin Authorities Say They 're Investigating 'Serial Bomber ' After Fourth Explosion Over the weekend there was a fourth bombing in Austin , Texas . Authorities say this latest incident was caused by tripwire and showed a `` different level of skill . ''
One musician revealed that he may well have the distinction of having recorded Ivanka Trump 's favorite song . At a Trump rally in Nashville on Wednesday , country singer Trace Adkins performed his 2006 hit `` Ladies Love Country Boys '' with a shoutout to the first daughter , but do n't go thinking that country is the only genre Ivanka jams out to .
`` Ladies Love Country Boys '' marked the seasoned artist 's return to the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs list after a short career hiatus , and it 's arguably his most popular track . The Recording Industry Association of America gave the single a `` gold '' certification .
The song is about women who `` love country boys '' despite their family 's hopes that they 'll `` settle down with a doctor or a lawyer / and their uptown , ball gown , hand-me-down royalty . '' Over upbeat , twangy rock instrumentals , he sings about how parents `` never understand why their princess falls / for some camouflage britches and a southern-boy-drawl . ''
You can train em , you can try to teach 'em right from wrong
But it 's still gon na turn 'em on
And they go riding in the middle of a pickup truck
Blaring Lynyrd Skynyrd , yelling , `` Turn it up ! '
You can raise her up a lady but there 's one thing you just ca n't avoid
Ladies love country boys
They love us country boys
TraceAdkinsVEVO on YouTube
Technically , though , we do n't know whether `` Ladies Love Country Boys '' is Ivanka 's favorite song of all time or just her favorite song by Trace Adkins : One viewer of The Apprentice tweeted that Ivanka had told the singer on the show that it `` was her favorite song of his . '' ( Adkins was a contestant on The Apprentice in 2008 . )
But we actually know a fair amount about Ivanka 's music taste . We know , for example , that she — in her own words — went through a `` punk phase in the nineties . '' In her mother 's memoir , she described herself as dressing entirely in flannel and ripped corduroy pants during this time , and said that Ivana was n't happy when she dyed her hair blue one day after school .
But when Ivanka talks about punk , she may not be referring to what most artists and fans consider to be punk . She said that she was `` really into Nirvana '' during this time , but Nirvana is a grunge rock band . Ivanka says that the death of lead singer Kurt Cobain led to `` twenty-four hours of my crying inconsolably . ''
Since punk rock — heralded by bands like The Clash and The Sex Pistols in the mid-1970s — made nonconformity its brand and often spouted anti-establishment messages , many scoffed at the idea of Ivanka being a fan of the genre . Her pronouncement led to much online mockery , including a satirical list of her `` favorite punk songs '' that included titles like `` London Stalling On My Pledge to Help the LGBTQ Community '' and `` White Riot On Which I Wo n't Comment . ''
Win McNamee/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Regardless , her `` punk '' phase is all in the past . These days Ivanka makes her music taste known mostly through publicly sharing Spotify playlists that she 's made , with titles like `` ( Very ) Long Run , '' `` Cocktails & Prep , '' `` Work : Focus , '' and `` awake in bed / relaxing from a distance . '' Judging by these lists , it seems that she enjoys listening to the hits from most mainstream genres , including pop , hip hop , jazz , and folk rock .
We also know that her wedding song was David Gray 's `` This Year 's Love '' ( which she also played while delivering her daughter Arabella ) and that she likes singing `` Edelweiss '' from The Sound of Music to Arabella .
Ivanka has n't publicly confirmed what her favorite song is . But according to Trace Adkins , his track is one with distinction .
SPORTS
CHIBA , Japan -- South Korean and North Korean female football players were not the only ones to go toe-to-toe at a regional tournament here on Monday , as supporters from both sides also engaged in some competition in the stands .
South Korea and North Korea played their second match at the East Asian Football Federation E-1 Football Championship at Soga Sports Park in Chiba , Japan . South Korea suffered a 3-2 loss to hosts Japan in their opener on Friday , while North Korea collected a 2-0 win against China on the same day .
The inter-Korean clash in Chiba was the 19th of its kind . It was also the first time since Feb. 29 , 2016 , that the two sides went head-to-head in Japan .
They had last faced each other in April this year . But at the time there were no South Korean fans , as the qualifying match for the 2018 Asian Football Confederation Women 's Asian Cup was held in Pyongyang .
At Soga Sports Park in Chiba , North Korean fans outnumbered South Koreans in the stands . More than 300 North Korea supporters , who are believed to be members of Chongryon -- a pro-North Korean group in Japan that has maintained close ties with the communist regime -- occupied the southeast section of the stadium , while there were only about 10 in the South Korean supporters ' section .
Supporters of North Korea women ` s national football team encourage their team by hitting balloon sticks together during the East Asian Football Federation E-1 Football Championship match between North Korea and South Korea at Soga Sports Park in Chiba , Japan , on Dec. 11 , 2017 . ( Yonhap )
North Korea fans also displayed more banners than South Koreans , showing messages that read `` attacking game , '' speed , '' and `` victory . '' From the South Korean side , there was only one banner that read `` we 're always with you . `` Despite being outnumbered , the South Korean supporters were still very loud.Playing drums , a small group of South Korean supporters , also known as `` the Red Devils , '' chanted `` Daehanminguk , '' literally meaning Republic of Korea in Korean . North Korea supporters , on the other hand , shouted `` Piseung Joson , '' meaning `` North Korea to the victory , '' in Korean , while hitting their balloon sticks together . `` It 's a pity that many South Korean residents here could n't come since most of them had to work at this time , '' said South Korean supporter Baek Chang-hyun , who came from Seoul . The inter-Korean match started at 4:10 p.m.Baek , 32 , however , said he was confident that his side could give more energy to players on the pitch . `` We 're not worried about what North Koreans do , '' he said . `` I believe our supporters ' power is stronger than them . We just hope South Korea can win against North Korea this time . `` South Korean women have an inferior head-to-head record against North Korea , with one win , three draws and 14 losses . They are undefeated in the last two matches , though , with back-to-back 1-1 draws . ( Yonhap )
Matsuyama grabs lead as Kisner falters at US PGA
Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama led the US PGA Championship by one stroke midway through the final round .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 02:21 IST
Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama
Hideki Matsuyama moved into the outright lead in the final round of the US PGA Championship after Kevin Kisner faltered on one of the easiest holes at Quail Hollow on Sunday .
Matsuyama , looking to become the first Japanese player to win a major , got through the front nine in a one-under 34 to be seven under overall .
The world number three made back-to-back birdies at six and seven and held a slender one-stroke lead over Kisner , who was one over for his round , Justin Thomas and Chris Stroud .
Kisner had once again appeared to be cruising around in hot and humid conditions , but he found water at the seventh and made bogey . The American had made par on the first six holes before his error .
Co-leader Kevin Kisner finds the water on 7 .
See how he finishes the par-5 : https : //t.co/mT5mpu9yEU # PGAChamp pic.twitter.com/iRFQsUUS0l — PGA of America ( @ PGA ) August 13 , 2017
Francesco Molinari ( three under through 12 ) and Patrick Reed ( three under through 10 ) surged into contention at five under overall , the same score as Louis Oosthuizen .
Rickie Fowler sat at four under for the day through 14 and outright eighth .
Matsuyama should have made birdie on one – he missed a four-footer – but instead dropped a shot at the second after a wayward tee shot .
Stroud bogeyed the first and Thomas did likewise , although the latter bounced back with a birdie at the second as Kisner was left two clears .
As he had been the case for most of the week , Kisner was staying consistent and he managed a par save at five after finding the bunker .
A fine tee shot at six saw Matsuyama birdie from nine feet to once again join Stroud in a tie for second a shot back . Stroud then slipped back after bogeying the same hole , having found the bunker off the tee .
Taking advantage of the par-five seventh was always going to be crucial , Matsuyama birdieing after a monster eagle putt left him with five feet .
Matsuyama birdies back-to-back to take a share of the lead .
Watch now on CBS ! pic.twitter.com/LZHtndhCoI — PGA Championship ( @ PGAChampionship ) August 13 , 2017
But the same hole would prove costly for Kisner , who found the water with his second shot – as he almost did on Saturday – to make bogey and fall out of the lead .
Kisner managed a par save at eight as Stroud birdied , while Thomas holed a 36-footer for birdie on nine , the leaderboard becoming congested ahead of a thrilling conclusion to the year 's final major .
NATIONAL
( Screen grab from the video posted online )
A 33-year-old woman who danced naked on the streets of Suwon could face a criminal charge.The case involving the suspect , whose identity was withheld by the police , is being reviewed by prosecutors for indictment for the charge of public lewdness.The woman danced naked for around 20 minutes in Ingye-dong , Suwon on July 18 . The video capturing her dancing , violent and messy as if she were possessed , spread widely throughout Korea 's major online communities.The police arrested her at a bar on July 29 . She was drinking alone . The woman told the police that a voice inside her head had ordered her to dance.Drug tests on the woman came out negative . Medical staff and the woman 's family testified that she suffered from a mental illness . She had stopped taking treatments for several months , which is suspected to have triggered her abnormal behavior.However , the police say they can not confirm that the woman 's public nudity was due to mental illness as she remembers what happened fairly clearly .
By Lydia Kukua Asamoah/Stella Asare , GNA
Accra , April 24 , GNA - A Satellite Monitor Study has revealed that more Ghanaians have switched to the usage of flat screen digital television sets from the old analogue type “ hunchback . ”
The Study on Ghana , also revealed that satellite had grown rapidly in the country , becoming the leading television delivery mode , with 65 per cent of homes receiving TV channels via satellite .
Satellite is by far the largest contributor to digital television in the world .
The study also illustrated the important role of satellite for the digital switchover serving 95 per cent of digital TV homes , as Digital TV had expanded in the country with 69 per cent of homes receiving digital TV signals up from 40 per cent in 2015 .
The Study was commissioned by SES satellite , a world-leading satellite operator , which provides satellite communications services to broadcasters , content and internet service providers , mobile and fixed network operators , governments and institutions .
It indicated that out of six million TV homes studied in Ghana in 2017 , four million were directly reached by satellite , an 83 per cent increase compared to 2015 .
The remaining two million homes are fed by terrestrial networks , ( a term used in reference to satellite technologies to distinguish between what is out in space and what is located on the earth 's surface ) , representing a 40 per cent decline since 2015 .
Mr Ricardo Topham , the Senior Market and Business Analyst of SES , who presented the findings , said the Study was done in collaboration with Ipsos Ghana , in 2015 and 2017 , which revealed that 23 per cent of homes owns a High Definition Television ( HDTV ) in the year 2017 compared to 18 per cent in 2015 .
The Satellite Monitor Study was launched in Accra on Tuesday to help customers to get the idea of how many dishes in homes that were actually pointing to the satellites where content sits .
It was also to help advertisers to know the neighbourhood where content or broadcasters could go and advertise and be sure that their target homes were watching the contents .
Mr Topham said the Study revealed that Satellite was the major contributor to digital television in Ghana , with 95 per cent of digital television homes being served by satellite .
He explained that SES serves virtually all satellite TV homes in Ghana , with 97 per cent of the people receiving TV channels from 28.2 degrees east , while other African countries including Nigeria , Tanzania , Ethiopia and Uganda were all involved in the satellite study .
GNA
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The GoFundMe page set up for bullied teen Keaton Jones has been put on hold amid a fierce family backlash .
Over the weekend a powerful video of Keaton telling his mother Kimberly Jones about the horrifying reality of bullying went viral , with stars around the world offering their support .
A GoFundMe account was subsequently set up by Joseph Lam and it currently has almost $ 60,000 worth of donations .
However , Joseph put the account on hold on Monday , writing on the campaign page : `` As I sit back and read these comments and watched the video again I feel I have to make this update .
`` THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE MOM ! ! However passing judgement on her before you know her is a form of bullying .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Facebook )
`` Condemnation before evaluation is the ultimate form of ignorance . I ca n't even say for sure that any of whats being said is true . I do n't know the family personally and never claimed to have known them , '' he continued .
The move came after some claimed they had found a number of controversial posts on Kimberly 's Facebook account .
Media personality Tariq Nasheed uploaded an alleged post shared in August which appears to show family members posing by a Confederate flag - which for many Americans is a representation of slavery , hatred and white supremacy .
( Image : Facebook )
He wrote alongside it : `` That viral video of # KeatonJones talking about being bullied is heartbreaking , and I feel sympathetic towards that child .
`` But his mom , Kimberly on the other hand , is a suspected racist who makes very problematic posts bullying Black protesters # TheIrony . ''
( Image : Facebook )
Orange Is The New Black actor Nick Stevenson was among a number of celebrities who addressed the backlash .
He tweeted : `` This is in response to my offering Saturday night regarding Keaton Jones bullying which touched a nation and in a fit of happiness the world was good .
`` If what I 'm hearing about his mother 's racism is true-shame on you # KimberlyJones I 'm still # KeatonStrong but # racism is n't on . ''
Musician John Mayer shared : `` 48 hours into this story and a backlash has begun . We 're introduced to the inevitable grey area of a situation . The unified take begins to splinter under its own weight . ''
“ Keaton did n't get to choose the family that raised & shaped him , you smug ghoul , ” Comedian Patton Oswalt tweeted to a follower who asked him if he would be withdrawing his support following the allegations .
Keaton 's sister Lakyn took to Twitter to shut down the accusations , writing : `` Those who know me and my family know we are n't racist . My brother does n't say the `` N '' word . Please leave it alone . ''
Joseph 's full statement read on the GoFundMe page : `` As many of you know I paused the donations as well as the comments . As I sit back and read these comments and watched the video again I feel I have to make this update . THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE MOM ! ! However passing judgement on her before you know her is a form of bullying .
`` Condemnation before evaluation is the ultimate form of ignorance . I ca n't even say for sure that any of whats being said is true . I do n't know the family personally and never claimed to have known them . ''
He continued : `` This is about a kid who 's been bullied and not just one kid , Keaton , there are many unspoken cases about kids being bullied . We have to be the voice for the voiceless . In the video I saw a kid crying not just for himself but for others .
`` To me thats a kid with a heart of gold and deserves praise . Im hoping that we can turn the money into something good whether it be for private school or college fund . Im in touch with GFM on how to proceed at this point . Thank you every one that donated . ''
× SLU baseball player suspended following sexual assault accusation
ST. LOUIS – A Saint Louis University baseball player was suspended from the team Tuesday following an accusation of sexual assault .
The SLU Athletic Department confirmed the player 's suspension on Wednesday .
The assault is said to have occurred on January 12 . The victim , a student , reported the incident to the school 's Title IX Office on January 26 . Campus police began investigating the matter the next day .
Our news partners at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch obtained a letter from SLU 's Office of Student Responsibility and Community Standards—dated May 25—that recommended the player be expelled from school . The player appeared in games that evening and the following day .
The athletic department said the student has until Thursday to appeal the recommendation .
Also in January , three SLU basketball players were suspended and another expelled following an investigation into a sexual assault claim .
The investigation began in September 2017 , when three women went to St. Louis University Hospital and reported they 'd been sexually assaulted by members of the Billikens basketball team at an on-campus apartment . Two of the victims were students .
All four players left SLU over the investigation , but one basketball player has received permission to re-enroll at the university .
Real Madrid players celebrate their opening goal during the UEFA Champions League group H football match Real Madrid CF vs Borussia Dortmund at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium in Madrid on December 6 , 2017 .
Image : AFP PHOTO / JAVIER SORIANO
In Closing , Cosby 's Lawyers Call His Accuser A 'Pathological Liar '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pool/Getty Images Pool/Getty Images
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby 's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand .
National Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Listen · 3:12 3:12
And Cosby 's chief accuser was not his sole target , prosecutor Kristen Feden said in her closing argument , describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on his celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them .
`` He utilized that image and cloaked it around himself so he was able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young , aspiring , unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy , stripped of their ability to say no , '' Feden said .
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania , defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic `` con artist . '' Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point .
`` The defense was partially accurate when they use that term . But the perpetrator of the con is this man , '' Feden said .
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial . Inches away from him , she pointed at his face .
`` Sitting right here . This is the man . Sitting right here , '' Feden bellowed .
`` Nothing funny about that ''
Andrea Constand , who was last seen by the jury when she confronted Cosby from the stand over two days , was present during the prosecution 's speeches , sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby 's fate . The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box .
`` The law makes it very clear . The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant , so if you believe Andrea Constand , '' said Feden , gesturing toward Cosby 's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze , `` you need to convict . ''
Feden said the defense team embarked on `` character assassination '' of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby , saying the `` shameful '' attacks and questions are `` the exact reason '' sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities .
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated `` rape myths '' to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized , Feden argued .
National Andrea Constand , Bill Cosby 's Main Accuser , Continues Testimony In Second Trial Andrea Constand , Bill Cosby 's Main Accuser , Continues Testimony In Second Trial Listen · 3:12 3:12
Feden , at times , mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating her line of questions in a derisive tone .
Then she shot a look at Cosby and accused him of smirking .
`` There 's nothing funny about stripping a woman of her decency . There 's nothing funny about that , Mr. Cosby , '' Feden yelled .
At that , rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby , who appeared expressionless .
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby . The wide-eyed , youthful glam shots of the woman , Heidi Thomas , taken decades ago when she was a promising young actress . The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her : she was drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that she visited under the guise of private acting lessons .
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop , Feden said Cosby 's attack was no mistake : Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way . He made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before he molested them , sometimes in similar locations , such as private hotel suites , Feden said . All along , she said , Cosby assumed his victims would be too afraid to ever report him to authorities .
`` It 's the same con , ladies and gentlemen , just a different day , '' she said .
Cosby , facing the jury during this moment , shook his head in disagreement .
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case , Feden told jurors , is contained in Cosby 's own words , excerpted from a civil deposition he gave as a part of Constand 's civil lawsuit in federal court . In it , Cosby says he does not remember ever asking Constand for permission before he carried out sex acts on her in his Cheltenham mansion in early 2004 .
`` You knew that it was n't consensual because of his words , '' Feden said . `` You know it was n't consensual because of the pattern . The MO , '' she said , referring to Cosby 's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women . `` And you know it was n't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand . ''
In finishing up the government 's closing , prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off . He was interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team .
`` I wonder what they 're so worried about , '' Ryan replied after the fourth objection .
`` I wonder what we 'll have to correct , '' Bliss countered .
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down , reminding the court that he will address objections to closing statements later .
`` Biggest highway robberies of all time ''
Earlier , Cosby 's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer 's retrial that Constand is a `` pathological liar '' whose story of `` so-called assault '' is so replete with inconsistencies that it can not be trusted .
`` In a case like this , credibility becomes everything , '' defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning . `` There are so many big lies , they get lost . The number of lies starts to drown others out . ''
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation , Mesereau walked jurors through what he said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about her relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as her motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement .
He pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby ; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian ; and what he said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave her as a gift .
The nearly $ 3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement she reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby 's chief accuser , he told jurors .
`` She took the money , ran with the money . Her mom got money , her father got money . They 're all part of the settlement agreement , '' Mesereau said . `` It 's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money , Cosby 's defense lawyers said , taking direct aim at the # MeToo movement . Attorney Kathleen Bliss said `` mob rule is not due process , '' adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a `` lynching , '' or a `` witch hunt . ''
`` When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger , you do n't change a damn thing , '' Bliss told jurors . `` Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . ''
For more than two weeks , Cosby 's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a `` con artist '' who sought to extort Cosby for a payout . In closing arguments , however , lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by his defense team during the entertainer 's first trial in June 2017 : that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby .
For proof , Mesereau pointed to `` at least 100 calls '' Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004 .
Constand , who worked for Temple University 's basketball team at the time , has said that the calls were about business , since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school 's sports teams .
`` This is a personal , intimate relationship , not basketball , '' Mesereau said . `` Constand placed twice the number of calls than he did to her , demonstrating her pursuit of him . ''
Camille Cosby , the entertainer 's wife of more than five decades , made her first appearance Tuesday during the retrial . She walked up to her husband , kissed and embraced him . Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress , she took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matt Slocum/AP Matt Slocum/AP
In an unusual move , the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau .
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team 's star witness , Margo Jackson , a former colleague of Constand 's who claims Constand confided that she wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money .
`` You would 've thought they would 've done something to check her out , '' said Bliss , indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation . `` Who are you going to believe ? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology ? '' Bliss asked the jury . `` Or Andrea Constand , who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time ? ''
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand , the mother of the accuser , who testified in the case and played for the court a recording she made of Cosby apologizing , saying he would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as she maintained a 3.0 average .
`` Yes , he feels badly . He 's 30 years older than she is . He 's got this mother accusing him , yelling at him , whatever she was doing , '' Bliss said . `` He 's also worried about extortion . ''
Mesereau , after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , delivered his final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby 's fate .
`` He must walk out of here free , '' Mesereau said . `` He 's an 80-year-old man . He 's had a distinguished career . He 's made some mistakes for sure , but he is no criminal . ''
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of his life .
Last June , a different jury could not decide on Cosby 's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case .
DENVER ( AP ) — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness .
Samardzija left his start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning . He 's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season .
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that “ comes and goes . It 's one of those things , where you have to deal with it . ”
To take his place on the roster , the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento . Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April , going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA .
He was selected by San Francisco in the first round of the 2014 draft .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
Sent in by John Clark
Hungerford Common . Sent in by Lyn Holmes
Kayla . Sent in by Lyn Holmes
Sent in by Neil Roberts
Sent in by Neil Roberts
Sent in by Anita Hanson
Sent in by Emma Terleske
Beacon Hill . Sent in Jamie Wood
Sent in by Candy Weathers
Sent in by Catherine Johnson
Sent in by Catherine Johnson
Sent in by Charlotte Hutt
Sent in by Creston Prictoe
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON -- South Korean President Moon Jae-in could hold the key to setting the tone for upcoming talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un .
When he meets with Kim on Friday , Moon will be expected to sound out the regime 's willingness to dismantle its nuclear weapons program for peace on the peninsula and beyond .
Based on what the North Korean leader says , Trump is expected to make his final preparations for a high-stakes showdown with the reclusive regime .
`` The inter-Korean summit is very important for setting the groundwork for the US-North Korea summit , '' Ken Gause , a North Korea expert at CNA Corp. , said in emailed remarks to Yonhap . `` President Moon should be able to use the information he learns at the inter-Korean summit to help prepare President Trump for his meeting with Kim Jong-un . ''
( AP )
The Moon-Kim meeting will be an opportunity to gain a better understanding of North Korea 's objectives , interests , and seriousness , according to Frank Aum , senior expert on North Korea at the US Institute of Peace.Pyongyang has repeatedly expressed a commitment to denuclearization in recent months , but many are skeptical of the regime 's intentions and sincerity , given its track record of entering into agreements and then reneging on them.On Saturday North Korea announced an immediate suspension of nuclear and ballistic missile tests . To demonstrate its seriousness , it said it would shut down its nuclear test site.But that decision was also met with skepticism as it stopped short of a promise to abandon existing nuclear weapons . `` Hopefully , President Moon will convince Kim Jong-un that Kim will have a much better summit with President Trump if Kim is prepared to surrender perhaps five nuclear weapons as a sign of sincerity shortly after the inter-Korean summit , '' said Bruce Bennett , a senior defense analyst at RAND Corp.To Americans , talk is cheap , he said . `` So the inter-Korean summit might set the atmosphere for the Trump-Kim summit , but unless President Moon convinces Kim to surrender some nuclear weapons and perhaps take other actions , the Moon-Kim summit might have actually a negative effect on the Trump-Kim summit , '' Bennett added.In as much as a final agreement on the North 's nuclear issue will be reached between Trump and Kim , Moon 's influence could also be limited . `` I do n't expect much progress to be made on the denuclearization issue because it is a matter that will be decided between the United States and North Korea , '' Aum said . `` However , if President Moon can get Kim Jong-un to publicly and directly commit to denuclearization , that by itself would be a success . `` Washington insists on the complete , verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea . But Pyongyang has called for a phased and synchronized approach that is interpreted as concessions in exchange for steps toward denuclearization . `` The bottom line is whether the US will move from its current hard line on denuclearization , '' said Gause . `` If it does not , it is hard to see how the US-North Korea summit will be a success , provided it happens at all . `` Whether the two sides can reach an agreement on denuclearization could be the biggest factor in determining whether the Trump-Kim meeting takes place and is a success . `` Right now the two sides seem far apart , '' Gause noted . `` If the inter-Korean summit can help bridge that gap , then it will play a huge role in moving dynamics in the region forward . `` Denuclearization aside , the inter-Korean summit will still serve other purposes . According to Gause , it will lay the foundation for an improvement in relations between the two Koreas . `` I think the inter-Korean summit can help continue the positive momentum that the Peninsula has experienced since the Winter Olympics , '' Aum said , referring to the peace mood that burgeoned out of North Korea 's participation in the Games . `` Given how much President Moon and Kim Jong-un are invested in a positive outcome , I feel cautiously optimistic that the summit will be successful . '' ( Yonhap )
Special family ticket packages are now on sale for the 2019 Solheim Cup at Gleneagles from September 11-15 .
With the ambition of creating the most family orientated Solheim Cup experience to date , the family ticket will provide exclusive access to a dedicated family area to include child friendly catering and furniture , fun interactive activities , high chairs and baby changing facilities .
In addition , family ticket holders will have the opportunity to access special on-site parking at the venue .
The launch of the special family package , available at SolheimCup2019.com , coincides with Scotland 's inaugural Women and Girls in Sport Week , which aims to address the lower participation and activity rates among women .
Speaking about Women and Girls in Sport Week and the family ticket package , 2019 Solheim Cup captain Catriona Matthew said : “ Scottish Women and Girls in Sport week is a great initiative and helps to shine a spotlight on some of the great work already being done to showcase sporting opportunities to women and girls .
“ Having two daughters myself I am aware of the challenges of continuing to engage young girls in sport as they progress through school .
“ Major events such as the 2019 Solheim Cup can undoubtedly play a key role in promoting participation in sport and I 'm delighted that special family packages are being launched to maximise the attendance of families at Gleneagles .
“ I really hope that women and girls will see the top class action taking place at Gleneagles in 2019 and be encouraged to take up the game for themselves . ”
The staging and delivery of the 2019 Solheim Cup is being led by the EventScotland team within VisitScotland 's Events Directorate . Paul Bush , director of events at VisitScotland , added : “ One of our overriding objectives for the 2019 Solheim Cup is to encourage more women and juniors into golf so it is the perfect week to announce the launch of our family ticket options .
“ We are very focused on creating a strong family spectator offering both on and off course at Gleneagles , with equality and experience key pillars of our delivery strategy . ”
Special early bird discounts are also available . For more information , visit solheimcup2019.com .
The gut 's main function is to process food from the moment it enters the mouth until it 's processed by the body . From vitamin and mineral absorbency to hormone regulation , digestion , and immunity , more and more evidence is mounting to suggest that there is a clear link between the state of our internal bacteria and a plethora of health issues such as depression and cancer that might otherwise seem unrelated . Hippocrates ' theory makes sense if you consider that 70 per cent of our immune system calls the gut its home with over 100 trillion bacteria living there . To put this figure into perspective , that 's 10 times the number of cells in the entire body , weighing around 2kg . The gut is also where 80 per cent of our serotonin production occurs ; indicating that our levels of the chemical , closely linked with happiness , may be affected by our internal environment as well .
Considering the age-old sentiments of the Greek physician , investigation into this area is nothing new , what is different , however is our understanding of it . “ As science has developed over the last decade , what we 've come to realise is that microorganisms play an incredibly important , positive role in not just our digestive health , but in our overall health and wellness , ” explains Dr Mahmoud Ghannoum , the scientist who first discovered and named the mycobiome , our body 's fungal community . Through his lifetime of research Dr Ghannoum discovered that bacteria and fungi work together to create digestive plaque in the gut . His findings have been named as a breakthrough in internal health , with potential applications that span an array of health issues . What we 've also come to understand is that health problems can start to arise when the balance of good and bad microorganisms in our body are put out of kilter . “ I 'll give you a specific example , ” Dr Ghannoum continues . “ Many people have heard of Candida , and in fact , it actually generally has a bad reputation . But when Candida is present at the appropriate levels in our system , it actually aids our body 's ability to absorb nutrients and properly digest food . However , if Candida is allowed to grow out of control , it can start to break down the gut 's tissue lining , which can cause very serious issues . ”
The serious issues Dr Ghannoum refers to come in the form of conditions like leaky gut syndrome that occurs when the intestinal lining becomes porous , meaning that larger , undigested food molecules escape from the digestive tract . As well as these food particles yeast , toxins , and waste also make their way into the bloodstream . This puts extreme pressure on the liver to detoxify as its functionality is impaired . These toxins are able to pass through the body , finding their way to different tissues and causing inflammation- a reaction , which has been linked to diseases like diabetes , cancer , and Alzheimer 's . Our ability to understand exactly what organisms a person has in their gut 's microbiome , and at what levels , provides far reaching information into these conditions , allowing the scientific community to really examine what these organisms are doing , connecting the dots between gut health , balance , and overall wellness .
Telltale signs of an unhealthy gut include diarrhea , bloating , feelings of fullness , constipation , lethargy and an upset stomach , but sometimes the symptoms are subtler . The only real way to know whether your gut is out of balance is to have your microbiome genetically sequenced . “ Through sequencing the DNA of organisms in someone 's digestive tract , we are able to not only identify the specific bacteria and fungi present in that person 's gut , but the levels of each organism as well , ” explains Dr Ghannoum .
Enhanced awareness of the community of bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract seems like a wise move for longevity , but what 's the first step towards an optimum environment ? Much of the microbiome 's composition is established early in life initiated by factors out of our control , ranging from genetics to extensive use of antibiotics and breastfeeding versus bottle-feeding . What we can alter is some of the other contributing factors such as diet , stress levels and our eating methods . “ Many people will be surprised to realise that even just lowering their stress will positively change the balance of their gut 's microbiome , which ultimately has an impact on their digestive health , ” notes Ghannoum .
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills , California .
The nominees for best TV comedy series are : `` black-ish , '' `` The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel , '' `` Master of None , '' `` Smilf '' and `` Will & Grace . ''
The nominees for foreign language film are : `` Fantastic Woman , '' `` First They Killed My Father , '' `` In the Fade , '' `` Loveless '' and `` The Square . ''
The nominees for best animated feature film are : `` The Boss Baby , '' `` The Breadwinner , '' `` Coco , '' `` Ferdinand '' and `` Loving Vincent . ''
The nominees for best limited television series are : `` Big Little Lies , '' `` Fargo , '' `` Feud : Bette and Joan , '' `` The Sinner '' and `` Top of the Lake : China Girl . ''
The Golden Globe nominees for best actress in a television comedy or musical are : Pamela Adlon , `` Better Things '' ; Alison Brie , `` Glow '' ; Rachel Brosnahan , `` The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel '' ; Issa Rae , `` Insecure '' and Frankie Shaw , `` Smilf . ''
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical are : Anthony Anderson , `` black-ish '' ; Aziz Ansari , `` Master of None '' ; Kevin Bacon , `` I Love Dick '' ; William H. Macy , `` Shameless '' and Eric McCormack , `` Will & Grace . ''
The nominees for the best television drama series are : `` The Crown , '' `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' `` This Is Us , '' `` Stranger Things '' and `` Game of Thrones . ''
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical are : `` The Disaster Artist , '' `` Get Out , '' `` The Greatest Showman , '' `` Lady Bird '' and `` I , Tonya . ''
The nominees for best motion picture drama are : They are `` Call Me By Your Name , '' `` Dunkirk , '' `` The Post , '' The Shape of Water '' and `` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ''
BCCI office bearers trying to subvert SC orders , says CoA ; rival faction denies
New Delhi , Jul 4 ( PTI ) The Committee of Administrators ( CoA ) has alleged that BCCI 's office bearers -- acting president C K Khanna , acting secretary Amitabh Chaudhary and treasurer Aniruddh Chaudhry -- are trying to `` subvert and frustrate '' the orders passed by the Supreme Court .
In its ninth status report to the apex court , the CoA said : `` The office bearers of BCCI are in collusion with various other persons , who attended the meeting held on June 22 , 2018 , clearly attempting to subvert and frustrate orders passed by this Hon'ble Court , by inserting limitations on powers and duties of the Committee of Administrators .
`` This is being done with a view to hampering the ability of the Committee of Administrators to effectively supervise the management of BCCI though CEO . ''
With the Supreme Court hearing on the implementation of Lodha recommendations scheduled tomorrow , the office bearers did n't wish to comment on the CoA 's latest status report , but sources close to them said that `` they are not surprised '' at the manner in which the Vinod Rai-led body has functioned till now .
In a 21-page letter , the CoA has said the modus operandi of the office bearers involve `` drawing an artificial distinction between management and administration '' as well as `` implementation of judgement on one hand and matters of policy nature '' on the other .
The CoA said it needs to take decisions on policy matters as it is intrinsically related to supervision of the board .
`` Hon'ble Court does not carve out any such exceptions pertaining to decisions of policy from powers conferred and duties cast upon the Committee of Administrators . It stands to reason that task of supervising the management and administration of BCCI as well as ensuring that the directions contained in the judgement are implemented and will necessarily require COA to take decisions on matters of 'policy ' . ''
In a separate allegation , it has written that the treasurer Chaudhry deliberately tried to stop Uttarakhand and Mizoram from participating in the Ranji Trophy by taking the matter to the Special General Body meeting on June 22 , which the CoA termed invalid as prior permission was not taken .
`` CoA , in its submission in Page 12 , has referred to an e-mail that GM ( cricket operations ) Saba Karim had sent to office bearers with regards to participation of Mizoram and Uttarakhand . The treasurer had then written back stating that a policy matter needs to be discussed at general body as office bearers are not mandated .
`` Now nowhere in Saba 's communication it was stated that it was a CoA diktat . If CoA is alleging that treasurer played a foul game , they are misleading , '' a senior BCI official , who attended the SGM , said
FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother , Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock . On Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 , Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds . Paddock spent hours in casinos . and was known for betting big on video poker and staring down fellow gamblers . There is no indication , though , that any particular grievance set him off . But details that have surfaced so far about the one-time IRS agent and son of a notorious bank robber , are clues , at least , to his mindset . Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP )
James Batchelor UK Editor Thursday 15th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Geomerics Silicon Studio
The Enlighten technology used by numerous blockbuster games has changed hands after an acquisition by Silicon Studio .
The Japan-based firm has taken over worldwide rights for licensing , development and support in an agreement with the tech 's creator , Geomerics .
Enlighten is a real-time global illumination tool that has been used to provide the lighting for leading games such as Star Wars : Battlefront , Eve Online and Street Fighter V .
Silicon Studio has confirmed it will not only handle licensing the tech to developers around the globe , but will also dedicate time and resources to further evolving the product . It also plans to use the technology itself in the development of 3D visualisation solutions .
The company will work with Geomerics ' established customers , supporting their ongoing needs as well as attempting to accelerate sales of both Enlighten and its own technology . Silicon Studio is the creator of the Xenko engine and Yebis post-production tool .
It 's unclear how this will affect Geomerics but given that Enlighten was the company 's main product , the company 's future could be in doubt . Geomerics is owned by chip manufacturer ARM so financially should be safe , but without it 's flagship offering may be wound down in the coming months .
GamesIndustry.biz has reached out to Geomerics for clarification .
Get ready to add this song to your summer 2018 playlist .
Justin Timberlake has dropped a groovy new tune titled , “ SoulMate , ” and according to the song 's first lyric , “ Summer starts now . ”
This is Timberlake 's first single since his fifth studio album , “ Man of the Woods ” and marks a return to his pop roots .
Some of the upbeat and catchy lyrics include , “ I love your heartbeat givin ' me rhythm/And I can feel your frequency , so unique/In other words , such a freak , set me free . ”
Timberlake wrote in an Instagram post that the song came together quickly over the past week , “ Bahama Sessions — “ SoulMate ” , written : June 26th , final mix : July 3rd . ”
WARE - Ware police and detectives attached to the Northwestern district attorney 's office are at the scene of what officials describe as an `` unattended death . ''
Mary Carey , spokeswoman for District Attorney David Sullivan , said a deceased individual was located inside a residence on Clinton Street earlier Friday .
The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner has taken jurisdiction over the body and will make a formal determination of the cause of death .
Carey said the death remains under investigation .
WWE News : Jinder Mahal to face John Cena on SmackDown Live
Who will get the momentum heading into SummerSlam ?
@ heyimkevinsully by Kevin Sullivan News 15 Aug 2017 , 01:28 IST
Cena vs Mahal is your main event for this week 's Smackdown Live
What 's the story ?
WWE.com is reporting that WWE Champion Jinder Mahal will face John Cena on this Tuesday 's edition of Smackdown Live . This is just mere days before next major PPV , SummerSlam , which takes places this Sunday .
In case you did n't know ...
After Mahal retained his WWE Championship against Randy Orton at Battleground , there was a lot of speculation as to who he 'd defend against at SummerSlam . At the same event , Cena won his Flag Match against Rusev , more or less wrapping up that feud and freeing him up to challenge Mahal .
The heart of the matter
WWE , however , decided to throw us a curveball and , booked Mahal to defend against Shinsuke Nakamura at this summer 's big show . On the flip side , Cena 's opponent will be Baron Corbin , who had just previously been working a program with Nakamura and is the current Money In The Bank contract holder .
What 's next ?
We 'll have to wait and see what other wrinkles are added to either of these matches this Tuesday , as it will be the last Smackdown Live before SummerSlam . Corbin 's character does n't seem to be one that lets grudges go easily , so there 's a highly probable chance that Corbin could cash in on Nakamura if the King of Strong Style captures gold .
Author 's take
Say what you want about the current WWE content so far , but they 've done a pretty good job of keeping us guessing so far . Until they announced the Cena/Nakamura # ! Contenders match three weeks ago , I would n't have even thought there was a chance that the former NXT Champion would be in the picture for the SummerSlam main event . Now , it 's possible that Nakamura wins the championship , only to have Corbin cash in and take it from him moments later .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
When you start a new job , figuring out who to sit next to at lunch seems like a big enough hurdle . But as you learn how to make friends in the office , the next question becomes : how do you make your work buddy into an actual , real life friend ? And whether you just really like them , or are in a new city needing a new social circle , it might end up being to you to give your relationship a little nudge in the right direction .
“ Being able to make friends with fellow coworkers in the workplace is the gold standard everyone should hope to achieve , '' Steve Wang , a human resources expert who operates a resume writing services blog tells Bustle . `` Having a friend at work not only makes the job more enjoyable and fun , it can also boost productivity levels and increases employee retention rates . '' So it 's worth it to really put your energy into building a relationship with the staff member who 's funniest on Slack .
There are three main reasons that a work friend can end up being a really great real-life friend , according to Jenn DeWall , millennial life and career coach . You share common ground , you spend enough time with them to really understand what they 're about , and you can use the friendship to make work itself more enjoyable . So even though you have to balance professionalism and the ability to stay composed if the budding friendship falls apart , putting your energy into building work friendships is definitely a good idea . And despite the awkwardness of water-cooler talk , it 's not as hard as you might think .
Here are 8 ways to transition a work friendship into a real-life one , according to experts .
1 Take Baby Steps Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you want to befriend a coworker , you 'll need to take it a bit slower than you would in other social settings . “ Take baby steps , ” life coach , Desiree Wiercyski , tells Bustle . This means testing the waters in social settings and being careful about how much of your personal life you bring up early on . “ Go slow , ” life coach Erica McCurdy tells Bustle . “ You may not realize how much of your personal life you are introducing into your work life when a work friend becomes a personal friend . Losing control of your personal privacy at work may cause you to rethink the decision. ” So take cues from them as the friendship develops . You do n't need to be secretive , but it 's worth the time and energy to keep things workplace-safe .
2 Support Them Inside The Office Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Good friendship is all about trust . And if you want to get a work friend to trust you outside the office , you 're going to need to make sure you 're there for them in the office too . In turn , you should expect the same from them . “ Be supportive . If they make a mistake or need some help , step up and assist , '' DeWall says . And when it comes down to the little things , like lending them a tampon or helping them clean up a spill in the kitchen , be there for them then , too . This kind of in-office rapport can be a great building block for a really strong friendship .
3 Use Social Media Ashley Batz/Bustle This may seem cheesy , but testing the waters on social media can be a great way to gauge the potential of a friendship outside your workplace comfort zone . `` Add a person to your Instagram , Snapchat or Facebook account , '' McCurdy says . `` You can get a sense of their involvement outside of work without draining your free time . You may love what you find , but you may not , ” McCurdy says . Plus , if things look not-terrible , you can build some of your friendship online , too . Who does n't want another person to tag in work-related memes ?
4 Start With Lunch Hannah Burton/Bustle If you 're really invested in taking the time to get to know someone , starting inside the work day is n't impossible . Just get out of the office itself . “ As simple as it sounds , simply getting out of the office together for lunch or for a break can give you a quick glimpse at what hanging out with someone outside of the office would be like , ” Wiercyski says . Plus , you know that checking out that cool new lunch spot together sounds much more fun than going it alone and eating at your desk .
5 Actually Ask Them Andrew Zaeh for Bustle A lot of this boils down to actually putting the effort into this budding relationship . And that wo n't actually happen unless you ask them , up front , to do things with you . “ As awkward as it may sound , shifting an office friendship to being outside of the office is a bit like dating , '' Wiercyski says . `` So , if you 've worked together for a bit and feel like you 've gotten a sense of whom the person is , then it 's time to ask them to go to happy hour , coffee , or to even try out an exercise class after work . Doing this allows you to be flexible for their schedule , and is casual enough that if they do want to hang out , but have a different idea on what to do , they can feel comfortable putting it out as an idea . '' It may seem uncomfortable , depending on your office environment , but it 's a sure-fire way to get the ball rolling .
6 Find Common Interests Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Now that you 've added them on social media and had a couple meals together , you 're probably closer than before to actually befriending your work buddy . But a strong connection wo n't form unless you transition the conversation topic from griping about HR to connecting over things you 're really interested in . “ When you take the time to learn about someone 's interests , you have more leverage to know what to do together outside of the workplace that may lead to a fruitful friendship , ” Chelsea Connors , certified coach and therapist , tells Bustle . And once you 've figured out what ( if anything ) you have in common , you can start to go on outings outside a 3-block radius of your office , doing things you actually enjoy . “ Take a cooking class , go to the theater , or take a yoga class , ” McCurdy says . It 's great to have someone to accompany you when you 're doing things you love no matter what .
7 Include Other People Hannah Burton/Bustle Another way to build up a work friendship is to extend the friendship into other social groups , and see how it holds up . This is especially helpful if you 're new somewhere , and need a little bit of a social boost . `` Do a happy hour with a few of your IRL friends . See how everyone blends , '' McCurdy suggests . `` Your friends know you and might see things you do n't . It 's a good way to test the waters and see if your work friend is a fit for your friend group or if there is anything that might cause a problem later on . '' And if there are no problems , or you or the coworker end up making even more friends out of the situation , that 's an added plus . “ By including others , you 're adding a new element and level of trust into the relationship , '' Wiercyski says . Lovely , huh ?
Go to ... Top Stories Neighborhoods – Stevens Point – Plover – Hull – Whiting – Park Ridge Business – Roadway & Construction Community – Photo of the Day – Education – – Inside the Schools – Wellness – Outdoors & Sustainability Crime – Police & Sheriff Calls – Court Appearances Opinion – Editorial – Open Letters – Financially Speaking – Food Obits Classifieds – E-Edition Contact
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Paulie Malignaggi wants to fight Conor McGregor on St Patrick 's Day next year .
The former two-time world champion sparred the Irishman as he prepares to fight Floyd Mayweather on Saturday week .
But he left the training camp early after photos were released that painted him in a bad light .
A video was then posted on social media that appeared to show McGregor knocking Malignaggi down .
The American insists it was a push and admitted the feud has now reached breaking point .
When asked on The MMA Hour if he wanted the fight , he said : `` Yeah . At this point ? Yeah .
`` When you do n't like someone you do n't spar them , you fight them
( Image : Conor McGregor/Instagram )
( Image : thenotoriousmma/Instagram )
`` It 's picked up a ton of momentum , the bad blood is there so let 's fight .
`` We 'll need to see how he looks against Mayweather . If he looks dog s * * * , no one will want to see us fight .
`` As long as he does n't get the living s * * * beaten out of him , I think the demand is there to make the fight . ''
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
( Image : REUTERS )
St Patrick 's Day falls on a Saturday next year and Malignaggi revealed he would target March 17 .
He added : `` I 'm a businessman , once this all started coming out , my eyes went to the calendar when this thing started buzzing . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Britain 's youngest Euromillions winner Jane Park has posted a raunchy Snapchat photo in bed with another man following her reported split from ex-boyfriend Sam Callahan .
Jane had been dating X Factor contestant Sam and was spotted arriving hand-in-hand with him at Pandora Christie 's birthday party last month .
In the new Snapchat picture - which has since been deleted - she can be seen lying beside Scottish reality star Brian Matthews .
The pair appear to be lying on a bed and smiling . The snap has the caption 'sorry Sam Callahan ' with a cheeky monkey emoji .
Jane got engaged to Sam with a Haribo ring before the pair split , according to The Sun .
While Sam appeared on The X Factor , Matthews starred in Glow , which has been dubbed Glasgow 's answer to TOWIE .
Jane was just 17 when she scooped £1 million but has since claimed the cash has `` ruined her life '' and even threatened to sue lottery bosses Camelot .
She flashed the cash on a new house , cars and expensive holidays but admitted she felt `` miserable '' during an interview on Loose Women .
( Photo : FameFlynet )
The 21-year-old admitted drink driving early last month after being drunk behind the wheel at a McDonald 's drive-thru in Edinburgh last year .
She was fined £900 and given an 18-month disqualification and was captured launching a foul-mouthed tirade at photographers as she arrived at court .
( Photo : @ janeparkx/Twitter )
In early March , it was also reported Jane sold the three-bedroom house in Prestonpans , East Lothian , she bought with the money to move back in with her mum .
Property records revealed the semi-detached property was sold in December for £185,000 as she offered to flog items of furniture on Facebook in the run-up to the house sale .
An ex-Formula One model and former Miss England finalist claims that the recent decision to ban female models from being so-called grid girls next season is an example of “ feminism gone too far . ”
Actor and model Kate Elizabeth Hallam ( 34 ) was a grid girl for McLaren Mercedes driver David Coulthard at the 2004 British Grand Prix at Silverstone . In a Facebook post this week , Hallam wrote that the ban will `` put a lot of young ladies out of a job that they love . ''
`` I feel these decisions are made by women that would never have the confidence to do such a job , which also , believe it or not , requires a great personality , '' said Hallam , the South China Morning Post ( SCMP ) reported .
`` [ These women ] would possibly wear knitted cardigans and can not really achieve a glamorous look , they are also quite possibly fed up of their husbands ' eyes averting to such women so instead decide to put a lot of young ladies out of a job that they love , '' she added .
This week , Formula One decided to do away with its tradition of grid girls in the wake of the global # MeToo movement and numerous high-profile cases of sexual misconduct in Hollywood and in governments around the world .
`` I was the only British grid girl that season [ 2004 ] , that was back in the day when things were not all so uptight , the days where you did not feel like you were treading on eggshells and could be you and shine , '' Hallam said , who also won a bravery award from the House of Commons by donating bone marrow to her brother , who had leukemia , and saving his life .
When asked if she thought grid girls were viewed as sex objects , Hallam responded , `` Not at all . Everybody has a job to do and there is a lot of respect . We are making it an issue now and it should not be one . It has all been blown out of proportion if you ask me . ''
`` I feel the majority of girls in this industry would agree there is not a problem , the only problem is now with these recent decisions , '' she added .
`` Surely the ladies back in the 60s who fought for our mini skirts did not do so in vain ? We all shout about the vote and the ladies who fought for it and I want us all to remember that , '' she declared , while also noting that her grid girl experience gained her other modeling assignments .
After an incredibly wet day across Tampa Bay on Wednesday we will be in for another round of scattered showers and storms once again this afternoon . While there will be some rain out there today it should n't be as widespread or last as long as it did on Thursday .
Showers will be most likely along the coast earlier on and then push inland with the sea breeze through the afternoon hours . Aside from the the chance of rain it will be very warm and very humid this afternoon . High temperatures will be in the upper 80s , but with the humidity it will feel more like the upper 90s .
BEACH AND BOATING : Winds will be out of the south this morning and then shift to the southwest this afternoon around 10 knots . Seas will be at 2 feet with a light chop on the bay and inland waters .
Any showers around this evening will most likely stay east of I-75 and gradually dissipate overnight . Under partly cloudy skies temperatures will bottom out in the middle 70s for Friday morning . Expect very humid conditions once again Friday morning .
Friday will be similar to Thursday with the chance of showers along the coast at first before the sea breeze pushes scattered showers inland through the afternoon .
This weekend will keep a very small chance of a few isolated showers or storms , but overall the chance of rain will be relatively small . Plan on only a 30 % chance of seeing rain this weekend . Otherwise , Saturday and Sunday will be partly cloudy with high temperatures in the upper 80s .
Have a great Thursday !
- Meteorologist Grant Gilmore
WTSP meteorologists on Facebook : Bobby Deskins , Grant Gilmore , Ashley Batey , Ric Kearbey
WTSP meteorologists on Twitter : Bobby Deskins , Grant Gilmore , Ashley Batey , Ric Kearbey
Stay up to date with the weather with our free WTSP app
© 2018 WTSP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Tory MP has delivered the most brutal putdown imaginable to Grant Shapps over his plot to topple Theresa May .
Last night the former party chairman revealed himself to be the mastermind of a rebellion aimed at forcing Mrs May out of the top job .
He claims 30 MPs , including five former cabinet ministers have backed his calls for the PM to go .
But Chelmsford MP Vicky Ford had some harsh words to say about her Conservative colleague .
Speaking to BBC Essex , the backbencher said : `` I know Grant well , but I believe he 's completely out of touch .
`` He 's not been talking to his collegues . ''
( Image : Reuters )
And then she delivered the killer blow , a burn hotter than the sun , from which there can surely be no recovery from Shapps .
`` He 's not even in our WhatsApp group ! ''
She went on : `` We 've all been talking to each other and chatting to each other - he 's not even in the group . He 's not in touch with what the majority of MPs are saying . ''
Shapps ' 30 backers would , if true , be short of the 48 needed to force a leadership election .
`` They are Remainers , they are Brexit eers , '' he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme this morning .
`` A growing number of my colleagues , we realise that the solution is n't to bury our heads in the sand and just hope things will get better .
`` It never worked out for Brown or Major and I do n't think it is going to work out here either . ''
ROCHESTER , Minn. ( KTTC ) - North Carolina head coach Roy Williams flew to Rochester on Saturday night to watch John Marshall 's Matthew Hurt .
North Carolina played a game that afternoon in Chapel Hill , NC but Williams was determined to watch Hurt and the Rockets take on Class AAA No . 7 Austin .
The Rockets won 75-64 led by Hurt 's 39 points and 11 rebounds .
The owners of video game marketplace Steam said it has removed a game where players could simulate a school shooting either as police or the shooter themselves .
Valve Corporation said it has pulled Active Shooter , which was scheduled to launch on the Steam platform June 6 .
Valve also said after investigating the controversy surrounding the game , it learned a person identified as Ata Berdiyev was behind the game 's publisher , Revived Games , and developer Acid .
`` Ata is a troll , with a history of customer abuse , publishing copyrighted material , and user review manipulation , '' said Valve in a statement .
Active Shooter was described as a `` dynamic SWAT simulator '' where players can choose to work as the member of a SWAT team attempting to disarm the shooter , or the shooter themselves .
A box to the left of the screen kept track of how many police officers and civilians were killed . A video featuring the game briefly shows what appears to be the shooter firing at civilians as they try to run away .
The video game angered lawmakers and parents of school shooting victims who felt the game was inappropriate .
`` I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life . This game may be one of the worst , '' said Fred Guttenberg , whose daughter was among the students killed during February 's shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , in a statement on Twitter .
The game also spawned a petition on Change.org receiving more than 190,000 signatures urging Valve to remove it from Steam .
Steam offers a developer program allowing smaller game designers to publish their video games — commonly played on PCs or Macs — on the platform . The marketplace includes several guidelines for inappropriate content including `` content that is patently offensive or intended to shock or disgust viewers . ''
Valve said it plans to have `` a broader conversation about Steam 's content policies '' soon .
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter : @ brettmolina23 .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Soldiers have been called in to patrol the principal streets of Bolgatanga in the Upper East region after gun shots left residents scampering into their homes .
Joy News Correspondent , Albert Sore reported , shops are closed and anyone found on the streets is directed by the soldiers to go home .
The pre-emptive presence of security forces in the area known for fragile peace began after sides of a chieftaincy dispute demonstrated aggression over a piece of land .
The land , the reporter said , was marked out for some construction work but a faction has resisted the move .
The Police were called in to resolve disagreement and went back to their work station more hopeful that calm had been restored among the two Bolga Skin , Naba Raymond Alafia Abilba II , and Naba Joseph Abeka Nonge-Buuri
Hours later , shots pierced the peace and soldiers were moved from the barracks to beef up police work .
The reporter was not allowed to move within the catchment area where the shots were heard .
More soon…
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion will again lead the race to sign John Terry this summer , with Tony Pulis determined to take the Chelsea captain to the Hawthorns at the second time of asking .
Pulis made a move for ex-England skipper Terry in January , but the 36-year-old wanted to remain at Stamford Bridge .
However Monday 's announcement that Terry WILL leave the Premier League leaders this summer has primed Pulis to make a fresh move .
Terry has been a bit-part player under Antonio Conte this season , making just five appearances in the league - none since November 5 .
( Photo : Man Utd via Getty Images )
However , the veteran centre-half is still keen to carry on playing , declaring : `` I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me .
`` I 'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge . ''
( Photo : 2017 Getty Images )
( Photo : REUTERS )
Pulis hopes to persuade him to head to the West Midlands . The Baggies boss has been kept abreast of the Terry situation since making his move at the beginning of the year .
Pulis last month declared that he was keeping Terry in his thinking , as he looks to further improve West Brom ahead of the 2017-18 campaign .
“ In January he wanted to stay with Chelsea , ” said Pulis . “ He wanted to stay there and be part of going out as a champion . I 'm not sure how many times he 's won it with them but John wanted to stay there .
“ If he becomes available in the summer , we 'll sit down and have a little think about what we 've got and what we have n't got and we 'll take it from there . ''
Pulis is also worried at the prospect of losing Jonny Evans , amid potential interest from the Premier League 's big hitters .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : REUTERS )
It 's understood that MLS clubs have little interest in a big-money contract to take Terry to the United States however .
There has been something a change in the league in the last 12 months , with clubs actively switching their focus away from veteran stars towards up-and-coming talents in the transfer market .
Terry 's salary demands would make him a Designated Player in the US , something that is almost exclusively the domain of attacking players also .
( Photo : Steve Bardens )
Bournemouth and Eddie Howe will also look to persuade Terry to remain in the Premier League , albeit with a move to the south coast .
The Cherries have conceded 63 goals so far this season - only Swansea and Hull have let in more - and Howe is well aware that it is an area his side must improve in the close season .
× Trump pushes death penalty for some drug dealers
President Donald Trump officially proposed imposing the death penalty for certain drug dealers on Monday .
Speaking at an event focused on the opioid epidemic in New Hampshire , Trump said it was critical to “ get tough ” on combating the epidemic .
“ If we do n't get tough on the drug dealers , we are wasting our time , ” Trump said . “ And that toughness includes the death penalty . ”
Trump went on to say that dealers “ will kill thousands of people during their lifetime ” but wo n't be punished for the carnage they cause .
“ This is about winning a very , very tough problem and if we do n't get very tough on these dealers , it is not going to happen , folks , ” he said .
Monday 's event marks Trump 's first trip back to the first-in-the-nation primary state — and the state that that introduced the businessman-turned-politician to the opioid scourge — since he won the presidency .
The President , joined by first lady Melania Trump , laid out a plan that looks to balance increasing punitive measures to stop drug traffickers and broadening the federal government 's involvement in combating the epidemic with a sweeping ad campaign about addiction and more funding for drug treatment programs , according to Trump administration officials briefed on the plans .
The plan will include stiffer penalties for high-intensity drug traffickers , including the death penalty for some , Trump said .
Though Trump has long advocated for sentencing certain drug traffickers to death , public policy experts have condemned the proposal even before Trump rolled it out , arguing that it misses the cause of the opioid epidemic .
Trump acknowledged the US may not be ready for the death penalty for drug dealers .
“ Maybe our country is not ready for that . It 's possible … and I can understand it , ” he said . “ Maybe , although personally , I ca n't understand that . ”
He also said the administration will push a “ large-scale ” ad campaign aimed at combating the opioid epidemic .
“ The best way to beat the drug crisis is to keep people from getting hooked in the first place , ” Trump said . “ This has been something I have been strongly in favor of — spending a lot of money on great commercials showing how bad it is . ”
The plan
White House officials told CNN that Trump 's broader plan will focus on key areas : law enforcement and interdiction , prevention and education through a sizable advertising campaign , improving the ability to fund treatment through the federal government , and helping those impacted by the epidemic find jobs while fighting addiction .
Congress recently appropriated $ 6 billion to combat the opioid epidemic , and a senior administration official told CNN that Trump 's plan will lay out how the White House believes that money should be spent . At the time , treatment advocates and drug policy experts were concerned the uptick in funding would n't be spent wisely and was n't nearly enough .
Trump has credited voters in New Hampshire with introducing him to the opioid crisis during his 2016 campaign . He frequently referenced the scourge when campaigning in the state , which has been epicenter in the fight against opioids . But in a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto shortly after his inauguration , Trump referred to the state as a “ a drug-infested den , ” drawing fierce criticism from the state 's leaders .
Days before Election Day in 2016 — when time is a campaign 's most precious commodity — Trump even traveled to New Hampshire to discuss opioid addiction and pledge to make fighting the epidemic a focus .
His response as President , however , has been mixed , according to epidemic experts . The President has been accused of sidelining the Office of National Drug Policy Control , failing to heed the recommendations of his opioid council and focusing too much on the punitive measure to respond to the epidemic .
Trump in October declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency , telling an audience of experts and people in recovery that “ we can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic . ”
Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016 . And since 1999 , the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled .
By Dan Merica , CNN
Yorkshire experienced the UK 's greatest monthly rise in house prices between January and February this year , according to the latest Land Registry House Price Index .
Values rose 2.5 per cent , which was quadruple the UK average of 0.6 per cent . Annual growth between February 2016 and February 2017 in Yorkshire was 5.2 per cent , taking the average house price in the region to £154,591 .
The Craven area of Yorkshire , which includes Skipton and Settle , saw the biggest year-on-year rise between with a 13.7 per cent increase . Hull , this year 's UK City of Culture , was the second best performer with a 10 per cent annual growth and Selby was third with a rise of 9.6 per cent .
Hambleton , which includes Thirsk and Easingwold , showed an annual fall of 2.1 per cent , which may come as a surprise as the area was named Britain 's fourth best place to live in the recent Halifax rural quality of life survey .
Richmondshire , which covers the northern section of the Yorkshire Dales , also suffered an annual decrease in property values . Prices in this rural area fell by 2.1 per cent , while over in Calderdale and its “ capital ” Halifax they fell by 0.6 per cent .
Another shock , given the area 's status as a property hotspot , was Harrogate , where prices rose by just 0.7 per cent over the 12-month period to February this year . This takes the average price in the spa town to £265,799 .
Colin Bonham , of Myrings estate agents in Harrogate , said : “ I am very surprised because we have seen no evidence of a slowdown in prices or activity over the past year . Brexit certainly had very little effect . In fact only one sale fell through and that was a buyer from London . It 's very hard to understand why the Land Registry house price figure is so low . ”
House price data for other local authority areas in Yorkshire over the 12 months between February 2016 and February 2017 , shows gains for Barnsley 1.7 per cent ; Bradford 3.3 per cent ; Doncaster 4.1 per cent ; East Riding 4.4 per cent ; Kirklees 2.1 per cent ; Leeds 5.4 per cent ; North Yorkshire 4.3 per cent ; Rotherham 5.7 per cent ; Ryedale 4.5 per cent ; Scarborough 7.3 per cent ; Sheffield 3.2 per cent ; Wakefield 3.4 per cent and York 4.9 per cent .
The Pacific Palisades Garden Club will host Melvin Widawski on Monday , Feb. 5 at 7:30 p.m. for a bonsai demonstration . The demonstration takes place at the Pacific Palisades Woman 's Club .
Widawski is a member of local bonsai groups and become interested in the art of bonsai after he retired from UCLA many years ago . From early on , he determined that bonsai was a multi-dimensional art form which took many years to learn about and master . Widawski frequently gives bonsai presentations throughout the Los Angeles area .
His talk will focus on all the elements which comprise bonsai , and he will do a bonsai demonstration to showcase the different elements of this form of Japanese art .
There will be a drawing at this garden club meeting and the winner will get to take home Widawki 's demonstration piece . Drawing tickets are $ 5 each .
For more information , visit http : //www.pacpalgardenclub.org/ .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford was one of the stars of the show for England in their World Cup last-16 win over Colombia on Tuesday night .
The Everton shot-stopper saved a penalty in a dramatic shoot-out to put the Three Lions back in the driving seat after Jordan Henderson missed his spot-kick .
Eric Dier stepped up to take the deciding penalty , and made no mistake from 12 yards , smashing the ball past Arsenal keeper David Ospina to send England into the quarter-finals .
Scenes of utter jubilation followed as the entire England team sprinted from the centre circle to celebrate with Dier and Pickford .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Photographers made their way onto the pitch to capture the excitement , as the England players piled on top of each other .
But some fans watching the action on TV at home noticed Pickford apparently referencing Cristiano Ronaldo moments before England 's celebratory huddle .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Running towards his team-mates , as they ran towards him , Pickford leaped into the air and pulled off Ronaldo 's trademark celebration .
He was then bundled by the squad and dragged to the ground , before everyone else piled on top of him .
( Image : AFP )
Could Inflation Render a Central Bank Insolvent ? by Graham Summers – Gains Pains Capital
In the aftermath of the Great Financial Crisis , Central Banks began cornering the sovereign bond market via Zero or even Negative interest rates and Quantitative Easing ( QE ) programs .
The goal here was to reflate the financial system by pushing the “ risk free rate ” to extraordinary lows . By doing this , Central Bankers were hoping to :
1 ) Backstop the financial system ( sovereign bonds are the bedrock for all risk ) .
2 ) Induce capital to flee cash ( ZIRP and NIRP punish those sitting on cash ) and move into risk assets , thereby reflating asset bubbles .
In this regard , these policies worked : the crisis was halted and the financial markets began reflating .
However , Central Banks have now set the stage for a crisis many times worse than 2008 .
Let me explain…
The 2008 crisis was triggered by large financial firms going bust as the assets they owned ( bonds based on mortgages ) turned out to be worth much less ( if not worthless ) , than the financial firms had been asserting .
This induced a panic , as a crisis of confidence rippled throughout the global private banking system .
During the next crisis , this same development will unfold ( a crisis in confidence induced by the underlying assets being worth much less than anyone believes ) , only this time it will be CENTRAL banks ( not private banks ) facing this issue .
The consensus view is that a Central Bank can never go bust because it can always print money to remain solvent .
However , this is misguided .
Central Banks are currently sitting atop over $ 10 TRILLION in bonds , courtesy of nine years of QE programs .
These bonds trade based on inflation .
If inflation rises , these bonds will drop in value as their yields rise to accommodate the move in inflation .
When a Central Bank is sitting atop trillion of dollars in bonds , an inflationary spike inducing those bonds to drop could very quickly wipe out $ 100 billion or more in capital .
Now , you might argue that the same Central Bank could simply print more money to prop up the bond markets… but doing so would only increase inflation … which in turn would force bonds prices lower… inducing greater losses .
You get the point .
Policies like QE and ZIRP only work as long as the financial system maintains confidence in the currency a Central Bank is printing . The minute that currency begins to devalue rapidly due to inflation , the whole game is over .
This process has already started . The explosion of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is just one way in which the system is losing confidence in primary currencies .
The recent spike in bond yields is another . Across the globe , the $ 100+ trillion bond market is begun to lurch towards an inflationary future . Below you can see these moves in Germany 's 10-Year Government bonds , Japan 's 10-Year Government bonds , and the US 's 10-Year Treasuries .
The time to prepare for this is NOW before the carnage hits .
On that note , we are putting together an Executive Summary outlining all of these issues as well as what 's to come when The Bubble bursts .
It will be available exclusively to our clients . If you 'd like to have a copy delivered to your inbox when it 's completed , you can join the wait-list here :
https : //phoenixcapitalmarketing.com/TEB.html
Best Regards
Graham Summers
Chief Market Strategist
Phoenix Capital Research
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
Nick Pope and James Tarkowski 's England calls mean eight players to play under Sean Dyche at Burnley have been selected for a Three Lions squad .
And former Claret Joey Barton sees no reason why Dyche could n't also make the step up to international football .
Danny Ings and Kieran Trippier were both capped by England after leaving Turf Moor , while Charlie Austin made a squad , without appearing for the senior side .
Tom Heaton , Michael Keane and Jack Cork have gone on to make their Three Lions debuts , and Pope and Tarkowski hope to follow suit in Amsterdam against Holland on Friday , and at Wembley against Italy a week tonight .
And Barton is certain that Clarets boss Dyche can go on to coach at the highest level .
The 35-year-old declared that the former Watford chief carries the skillset to succeed at an elite club domestically , while holding the qualifications to govern the England national team .
But Barton is hopeful that Dyche , who has been linked with vacancies at the likes of Sunderland , Crystal Palace , Leicester City and Everton in the past , will continue to hold down the fort at Turf Moor .
“ Well , Gareth Southgate is England manager , ” said Barton .
“ I do n't think the England managerial post is a marker for whether you 're doing particularly well as a manager .
“ Can he go on to be England manager ?
“ There 's absolutely no doubt about it .
“ He 's probably over-qualified to be England manager .
“ It all depends on whether he wants to or not , that would be the question .
“ Can he move up to the top six ? I think he 's got to keep progressing Burnley .
“ He 's got the skillset to do it but does he want to ?
“ Did anyone ever ask him if he wants to ? People just keep linking him with jobs .
“ I have n't ever heard him say that he wants to leave Burnley .
“ There 's a really positive buzz in and around the place , there 's a real energy inside the stadium . The fans have got a real unity with the club and that 's rare in football now , especially in the Premier League . ”
Supreme Court Delivers Blow To Republicans , Declines To Take Up Pa. Redistricting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
Updated at 4:39 p.m . ET
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to take up a Republican challenge to the newly drawn Pennsylvania congressional map ahead of the 2018 elections .
The decision means Republicans have few , if any , options remaining to try to stem a map that will almost certainly result in Democrats picking up potentially three or four seats and could make half a dozen or more competitive .
Tuesday is the filing deadline for candidates for Pennsylvania 's April 26 primaries .
Last month , the Supreme Court also declined to block the state court decision that said the old GOP-drawn map violated the Pennsylvania Constitution .
Republicans drew a gerrymandered map in 2011 that resulted in a 13-5 congressional district advantage . That was despite Democrats having won the state in five straight presidential elections at the time .
Democrats need to win a net of 24 seats to win a majority in the U.S. House .
The decision comes on the same day a federal court dismissed a lawsuit filed by Republican congressmen challenging the new map . It 's a double gut punch to the GOP and all but guarantees that Democrats pick up a few seats , and in an election with control of Congress at stake , every seat counts .
Legally , the challenge could also open the path to a slew of state court challenges .
Challengers to the 2011 GOP-drawn map called into question its legality based on the state constitution , a rarity that could provide a road map for challengers in other states .
The Supreme Court 's decision Monday also shows a possible reluctance to weigh in on state law when it comes to redistricting .
This is not the last say the Supreme Court will have , however , on redistricting . It is hearing arguments March 28 on a Republican challenge to Maryland 's Democratic-drawn congressional map , and the court has a decision pending on a Democratic challenge to GOP-drawn state legislative districts in Wisconsin .
Both cases deal with political rather than racial gerrymandering . While the court has ruled previously on racial gerrymandering , it has never ruled on political gerrymandering .
The Supreme Court will hear arguments April 24 on racial gerrymandering in Texas as well . And the court also temporarily blocked a lower court 's decision in a racial gerrymandering case in North Carolina ordering the state to redraw a map that was favorable to Republicans .
NATIONAL
The United States is considering picking Adm. Harry Harris , the commander of US forces in the Pacific , as top envoy to South Korea , media reports showed Wednesday .
Citing a high-ranking White House source , the Washington Post reported that Washington is mulling appointing Harris as the new ambassador to South Korea . He was nominated to become the next ambassador to Australia in February .
Adm. Harry Harris ( AP )
The ambassadorial post in South Korea has been vacant since US President Donald Trump took office in January last year.The unusual long-haul vacancy has raised worries over a possible lack of policy coordination between the allies , which has gained urgency amid fast-changing security situations surrounding the Korean Peninsula.Earlier this year , the US withdrew Victor Cha , a North Korea expert , from consideration for the job amid allegations over his policy differences with the Trump administration on the North and other issues.South Korea and the US are currently planning to hold respective summits with North Korea . The leaders of the two Koreas are set to meet on the southern side of the truce village of Panmunjom on Friday .
HOLCOMB — The American Legion Legacy Run passed through Kansas on Friday .
American Legion Riders stop for fuel in Holcomb as part of day one of the 12th annual American Legion Legacy Run . The veterans are on a six-day , multistate motorcycle ride to raise awareness about the American Legion Legacy Scholarship .
The scholarship fund provides up to $ 20,000 for children of post-9/11 veterans who were either killed or were injured while on active duty and have a VA disability rating of 50 percent or greater .
Learn more at Legion.org .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mischievous cat who disappeared and survived two snow storms and the Beast from the East was found more than four months later - wandering the aisles of B & Q .
Fernando the ginger feline went missing around Christmas time last year and managed to travel around five miles away from home .
Owner Emily Long said she was left completely shocked as to how he had survived for months of appalling weather conditions and bleak winter months .
Emily , 32 , said : `` We would love to know where he 's been for the last four months and how he survived the multiple visits from the Beast from the East .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` But as cats ca n't talk , we 'll probably never know .
`` I reckon he liked the burger van just next to B & Q .
`` Because when we found him , he did n't look like a stray cat or anything , he looked well fed .
`` He really did n't look like he had been struggling much . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
Fernando disappeared on December 10 when snow conditions had worsened in St Neots .
Emily had let him out in the evening to go to the toilet , but realised the next day he had n't come back like he usually does .
She said : `` We went out to look for him and I shared it on Facebook , we had loads of people commenting trying to help .
`` But as the months went on and the weather conditions had been so bad , I just thought 'how could he survive ? '
`` It was strange because he does n't usually venture out .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` But we think he may have become disorientated in the snow . We are happy to have him back . ''
Emily , mother to toddler Matilda said her daughter was desperate for Fernando to come home and that the family nearly gave up hope .
Emily said : `` Me and Matilda would go out and leaflet drop looking for Fernando , she would be shouting his name everywhere we would go . ''
Luckily , Emily had him micro-chipped and the staff at B & Q were able to get in touch with the company , who then got in touch with Emily to let her know her cat had been found safely .
( Image : SWNS.com )
Fernando and was reunited with Emily and Matilda on April 12 .
Emily added : `` I received a call from the microchip company to say Fernando had been found strolling through the B & Q car park and the kind staff there had called Cats Protection .
`` I think he had been living in B & Q for about a week , keeping the staff company .
`` The woman who got in touch with the microchip company was lovely .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` She said she had sleepless night over him , hoping she would see him again in the morning .
`` But we want to thank everyone for helping .
`` He is now back in the house safely and Matilda is happy he is back , playing with him .
`` Fernando 's brother Pedro is just about getting used to sharing his house again . ''
A B & Q spokesperson said : `` We are delighted that Fernando has been reunited with his owner - it 's a purr-fect happy ending ! ''
Business News of Tuesday , 24 April 2018
Source : Myjoyonline.com
Dutch ambassador Ron Strikker with participants of the Dutch Export Academy
The Netherlands embassy in Ghana is building the capacity of SMEs through programs aimed at improving value addition in Ghana 's exports .
This was revealed during the presentation of awards to participants of the Dutch Export Academy .
Dutch ambassador to Ghana , Ron Strikker , says the Dutch embassy is equipping hundreds of SMEs with the needed capacities for value addition .
“ We want these entrepreneurs to take advantage of the European Union ( EU ) through the export of quality products .
We want to take them ( local entrepreneurs ) who are already producing for the local market through a couple of learning phases on exports and to teach them what it means to be export-minded for the European market. ” Ron Strikker stated in an interview with JoyBusiness .
In all , 30 entrepreneurs were awarded for partaking of the program . According to the Dutch Ambassador to Ghana , the program forms part of various value-addition interventions the Dutch government has introduced to complement government 's ‘ Ghana beyond aid ' agenda .
The Dutch Export Academy is a program of the Netherlands Embassy in Ghana , implemented by the Ghana Netherlands Business and Culture Council ( GNBCC ) and MDF West Africa . It is a training program for Ghanaian SMEs who wish to start or improve the export of their products to the Netherlands and the European Union .
The participants are a group of 30 entrepreneurs from various sectors such as agriculture , food processing , design , fashion , and logistics .
They followed a five-day training program at the Dutch Embassy , provided by professional trainers and many guest speakers from relevant institutes such as Ghana Export Promotion Authority ( GEPA ) , EXIM Bank Ghana , Food and Drug Authority ( FDA ) and Plan Protection and Regulatory Services Department ( PPRSD ) .
They received training and information on topics such as Export Planning , Export Process and Documentation , Product Packaging and Design , Marketing & Branding , Finance & Investment and more .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have stepped up their interest in Tottenham left-back Danny Rose .
That is according to The Guardian , who say Jose Mourinho is determined to upgrade in both full-back roles over the summer .
Rose has had trouble with injuries over the last year , which scuppered any potential January move from United for the England international , and spoke of his discontent with the club 's transfer dealings last summer .
Tottenham supremo Daniel Levy has a reputation as a tough negotiator but Spurs did sell Kyle Walker to Manchester City last summer for £53million .
Rose , who is under contract until 2021 , would likely command a similar fee .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Van Persie hints at retirement
Premier League winner Robin van Persie has hinted he 's close to retiring , admitting he has to be 'honest ' with himself .
The 34-year-old won the title with Manchester United and is now enjoying what appears to be a swansong with first club Feyenoord .
`` There will come a moment where I have to be honest with myself -- like now , '' Van Persie told Dutch broadcaster NOS .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
`` Today with the final , it turned out to be great for everyone , myself included , and I am very happy with that .
`` But people do n't see the other side , which is that for the last three weeks , I have been going to bed at 10 p.m. every evening and that I eat the right things at the right time .
`` There is a lot that comes with being able to deliver today and sometimes that is a struggle . Sometimes the recovery takes a little longer than I want . ''
Read more here .
De Gea sends message to teammates
David de Gea has admitted Manchester United must be more consistent if they are to challenge for the title next season .
De Gea has enjoyed another impressive season with United , keeping 17 clean sheets in Premier League to stand on the brink of winning the Golden Glove for the first time .
( Image : PA )
But the United goalkeeper acknowledged Jose Mourinho 's side were too inconsistent this season to get anywhere near champions Manchester City and must ensure they address that next term .
Although United has beaten City , Liverpool , Tottenham and Chelsea this season , dropped points against Stoke , Huddersfield , Leicester , Burnley , Southampton , Newcastle and West Brom ultimately undermined their title challenge .
Read more here .
Tony Blair is to make an appearance in a special episode of Channel 4 's The Last Leg marking a year since the death of Labour MP Jo Cox .
The former prime minister will star in a sketch alongside the show 's Adam Hills , Alex Brooker and Josh Widdicombe as part of The Last Leg : Re-United Kingdom .
The two-hour live show will also feature Ed Balls , Michael Gove and a host of other figures from across politics and comedy .
‘ I will not rest ' vows murder detective as source of gun used to kill MP Jo Cox remains a mystery
The three hosts will bump into Mr Blair in a lift where he interrupts their bickering and demands they set aside their differences to celebrate the life of Ms Cox , who was was shot and stabbed on June 16 last year by right-wing extremist Thomas Mair .
The show will pay tribute to the mother-of-two with a celebratory event reminding viewers of what unites us rather than divides us .
Also appearing in Friday night 's show are Nick Clegg , Alastair Campbell , comedians Jon Richardson and Stephen Mangan , actors James Buckley and Lily Cole and British band Elbow .
The live special comes ahead of The Great Get Together this weekend where thousands of people will gather for small picnics and community events across the UK .
The Last Leg : Re-United Kingdom is on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4 .
Read more ...
‘ I will not rest ' vows murder detective as source of gun used to kill MP Jo Cox remains a mystery
He 's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season . His double saw him surge past Cristiano Ronaldo 's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season , for example .
Salah won English soccer 's Player of the Year award on Sunday . At this rate , the Ballon D'Or could be his next year .
His first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool 's half . The ball made its way to Salah , who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar , near to the post . It could n't have been placed any better .
If that was a typical Salah finish from his first half of the season , his second goal was a replica of a couple of his recent strikes in the Premier League .
Roberto Firmino timed his through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson , just like he did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals .
Salah did n't celebrate either of his goals out of respect for his former teammates but he made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool 's devastating forward line .
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool 's fifth goal , the semifinal looked over with 110 minutes remaining .
However , Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute and Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side .
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma 's players — just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago . Yet , Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season , particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield .
___
More AP Champions League soccer coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/ChampionsLeague
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
By Steve Douglas , The Associated Press
A man in his 20s has died following a collision on the A170 near Kirkbymoorside .
Police are today appealing for witnesses to the collision which happened at around 8.30pm on Saturday in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire .
The car , a blue Volkswagen Polo , was travelling towards Pickering when it left the road near the junction with Appleton-le-Moors . It travelled down an embankment before coming to rest in a field .
Ambulance and fire crews also attended and the driver was treated by paramedics . He was pronounced dead shortly afterwards .
The road was closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and carry out investigations .
The man is believed to be from the Pickering area but police say they are not currently in a position to release his identity .
Officers are carrying out enquiries to determine the full circumstances .
Anyone who witnessed the collision , or saw the blue Volkswagen Polo in the moments leading up to it , is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 , select option two and ask for Hamish Halloway or Lee Cobb .
People can also email Traffic Sergeant Halloway at hamish.halloway @ northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Traffic Constable Cobb on Lee.Cobb @ northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk
Quote reference number 12170220416 when sharing information .
Here are the government 's rankings of the leading U.S. airlines and their on-time performance for December . The federal government counts a flight as on time if it arrives no more than 14 minutes behind the scheduled time .
1 . Hawaiian Airlines , 85.1 percent
2 . Delta Air Lines , 81.4 percent
3 . American Airlines , 79.1 percent
4 . Alaska Airlines , 76.1 percent
5 . United Airlines , 76.0 percent
6 . Southwest Airlines , 74.9 percent
7 . ExpressJet , 73.5 percent
8 . Spirit Airlines , 72.1 percent
9 . JetBlue Airways , 71.3 percent
10 . SkyWest , 69.8 percent
11 . Virgin America , 68.3 percent
12 . Frontier Airlines , 62.4 percent
Total for all covered airlines : 75.6 percent
___
Source : U.S. Department of Transportation
The report does not cover smaller airlines including Allegiant Air and some regional carriers .
Davis hopeful Van Dijk will stay at Southampton
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017 , 17:44 IST
Football Soccer Britain - Southampton v Leicester City - Premier League - St Mary 's Stadium - 22/1/17 Southampton 's Virgil van Dijk Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
( Reuters ) - Southampton players would welcome Virgil van Dijk back with open arms despite the Dutch centre-back 's transfer standoff with the Premier League club , midfielder Steven Davis has said .
Van Dijk handed in a transfer request last week after expressing disappointment at the club 's refusal to listen to offers for him .
Davis took the captain 's armband in the absence of Van Dijk , who was ruled out of the weekend 's goalless draw with Swansea City due to a virus .
`` It 's a situation Virgil has got to deal with himself , '' Davis told reporters .
`` Nobody else is living in that moment so nobody knows what 's going through his head .
`` But we 're all there to support him and we 'd welcome him back with open arms . That goes without question because of the quality that he 's got . ''
Van Dijk has been linked by the British media with several Premier League clubs , including Liverpool , who were forced to make a public apology after being accused of making an illegal approach for the player earlier in the transfer window .
`` We 're all professionals , we know that 's football , we know what goes on behind the scenes , '' Davis added .
`` We 're desperate and we hope we can keep him because he 's such a quality player and an important player in the dressing room as well . ''
Southampton , who have failed to score in their last six league games at home , host West Ham United on Saturday .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
Where French President Macron Stands On The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR 's Ailsa Chang speaks with Joseph Bahout , a member of French President Macron 's delegation . Bahout is a Middle East expert , and talks about Macron 's agenda regarding the Iranian nuclear deal and Syria during his visit with President Trump .
The man behind a petition to recall a Mid-Michigan mayor has announced his bid for her office .
Arthur Woodson said there was n't one specific thing that fueled his recall petition against Flint Mayor Karen Weaver , but what it boils down to is residents are fed up .
“ People was coming looking for us to sign the petition . We did n't even have to say anything , ” Woodson said .
It 's why Woodson believe he would make a better choice for city office .
“ I pledge to bring community and sound judgement and know-how to the office . I am pleased and honored to announce that , and at the same time as an activist , I have gained an understanding of the complexities of city government – including its capabilities and its limitations , ” Woodson said in a video posted to Facebook .
As mayor , Woodson said he would work with the police union to reach a contract , saying officers are “ underpaid and understaffed and overworked . ”
Another issue Woodson said he would conquer is blight .
“ We have money going in on the north side and east side to tear down , but we do n't have anything to build up , ” Woodson said .
The election for city mayor is less than three months away .
Watch the full video here :
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives , President Donald Trump 's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others .
At a time when Trump finds himself embattled on many fronts , the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president 's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of his base . Leaders of that constituency were exultant .
“ President Trump is demonstrating his commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom , ” said Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council .
Liberal advocacy groups , including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights , were outraged .
“ The Trump administration is saying to employers , ‘ If you want to discriminate , we have your back , ' ” said Fatima Goss Graves , president of National Women 's Law Center .
Her organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court . The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued .
“ The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss ' religious beliefs , ” said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri . “ We 're filing this lawsuit because the federal government can not authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise . ”
The Democratic attorneys general of California and Massachusetts filed similar suits later Friday .
Both directives had been in the works for months , with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details .
The religious-liberty directive , issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated . The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held .
“ Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law , ” Sessions wrote .
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document , the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee 's willingness “ to adhere to a code of conduct. ” Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships , among other behavior .
The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian law firm , called it “ a great day for religious freedom. ” But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign , a national LGBT-rights group , depicted the two directives as “ an all-out assault , on women , LGBT people and others ” as the administration fulfilled a “ wish list ” of the religious right .
The new policy on contraception , issued by the Department of Health and Human Services , allows more categories of employers , including publicly traded companies , to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama 's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost .
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods , and not others . Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives , such as IUDs , which are more expensive .
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives , Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , said the birth-control rollback was despicable .
“ This administration 's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception , ” she said .
On the Republican side , however , House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision , calling it “ a landmark day for religious liberty . ”
The new policy took effect on Friday , but its impact wo n't be known immediately and may not be dramatic .
“ I ca n't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods , ” said Dan Mendelson , president of the consulting firm Avalere Health .
Nonetheless , he worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law . The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage . That workaround can continue under the new rules .
Despite that workaround , there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a “ return to common sense ” that would enhance “ peaceful coexistence ” between church and state .
Doctors ' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama 's health law outright expressed their dismay .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
“ Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘ to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , ” said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
___
Crary reported from New York . Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
TOWNSFOLK have all been basking in unusually warm weather over recent days , with temperatures climbing up to eight degrees above the August average .
But do n't put away your togs yet because things are still heating up on the Northern Rivers .
According to the Bureau of Meteorology , August is very likely to see warmer days nationwide , with most of the country having a greater than 80 % chance of higher than average maximum temperatures .
BoM Meteorologist Jake Phillips said tomorrow will be the peak of temperatures .
`` Daytime temperatures will be eight to 10 degrees above average for tomorrow while night-time temperatures will be four to six degrees higher , ” Mr Phillips said .
Median August temperatures :
Lismore - 21.8
Ballina - 20.8
Byron Bay - 21.7
Evans Head - 21.5
Casino - 22.2
Tweed Heads - 21.8
For much of Northern NSW it 's been a balmy week of winter sunshine but now the scorching days are here , with possible temperatures soaring to 31 tomorrow in Lismore .
Temperatures will settle over the weekend but not before a few hot days with 29 degrees Celsius on Thursday and a nice 25 for Friday .
Dry `` gusty ” North-West winds are predicted for Byron Bay with sunshine and tops of 26 degrees Celsius tomorrow , 25 on Thursday and 24 on Friday .
The very warm to hot August day is a on way across the region with Evans Head predicted to reach tops of 31 tomorrow , 30 Thursday , and 26 on Friday .
Ballina 's maximum predicted temperature is 29 tomorrow , sitting high still on Thursday at 28 before dropping a couple of degrees to 26 on Friday .
The big question on everyone 's lips is whether this warm weather will last , but it 's set to draw to a close over coming days , Mr Phillips said as a `` significant cold front is coming through at the end of the week ” with temperatures predicted to sit `` in the low 20s at best ” .
5 cool UFC finishes you 've probably forgotten
There have been plenty of amazing finishes in UFC history that have been forgotten . Here 's five of them !
by Scott Newman Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 17:36 IST
Hundreds of fights and hundreds of finishes have probably been forgotten
Back in the early days of the TUF boom that turned the UFC from a money-leaking , failing promotion into the juggernaut it is today , we got maybe twelve or thirteen shows a year at best .
All of that has changed now – 41 shows a year seems to be the norm – and so the sheer amount of fights puts on by the promotion per year , means that ones that you 'd expect to be memorable are quickly forgotten , eclipsed by the next big fight or flashy finish .
The TUF boom began in 2005 and we 're now in 2017 , which means that literally hundreds of fights and hundreds of finishes have probably been forgotten over the period of twelve years in between .
Some of them would be understandably forgettable , but some of those finishes belong on highlight reels even today and just do n't get the love they deserve , whether it 's because the fighters that delivered them were n't big names , to begin with , or they 've been cut by the UFC and are now a hazy memory .
With the wonders of Fight Pass making the whole UFC archive available for anyone to watch , it should be easy for fans to track these down . Here are five unspeakably cool UFC finishes that you 've probably forgotten .
# 5 James Irvin vs. Houston Alexander – UFC Fight Night 13 – 04/02/08
When the UFC booked this fight for their return to Colorado – the birthplace of the promotion – despite neither man being on the best run at the time , a slugfest was expected .
Alexander had exploded onto the UFC scene with a pair of violent knockouts over Keith Jardine and Alessio Sakara before Thiago Silva had derailed his hype train by dummying him on the ground en route to a TKO . Irvin , meanwhile , had perhaps the weirdest 2007 of anyone on the roster .
He 'd lost to the aforementioned Silva due to a knee injury and had then beaten Luiz Cane by disqualification after he was knocked out by an illegal knee .
It seemed like a no-brainer to match the two against one another – both were seen largely as one-dimensional strikers with incredible power in their strikes , but not the best chins to go with that power . A pair of glass cannons , if you will . The likelihood of a knockout was extremely high .
The Colorado fans did n't have to wait long to see one . Just eight seconds into the first round , literally after the customary touch of gloves , Irvin clocked Alexander with a clean superman punch , dropping him to the ground . One follow-up punch missed its target but the second landed flush on Alexander 's chin , stiffening him up and forcing the referee to stop the fight .
Post-fight Alexander tried to claim an early stoppage . He said he was never unconscious , despite replays confirming that he was clearly out cold following the second punch . Irvin for his part simply said he 'd be willing to fight Houston again – in the parking lot if he needed to .
The finish has since been eclipsed by a superior superman punch from Travis Browne , but it 's still one of the best knockouts I 've ever seen purely for the speed of it . At the time , this tied the fastest official knockout in UFC history . As it 's only eight seconds long there 's no excuse for not checking it out !
Barcelona must trigger release clause for Lenglet , says Sevilla chief Caparros
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 297 // 05 Jul 2018 , 00:12 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Sevilla 's Clement Lenglet
Barcelona will have to pay Clement Lenglet 's release clause if they want to sign him , according to Sevilla 's director of football Joaquin Caparros .
Defender Lenglet has gained many admirers since joining Sevilla from Nancy in January 2017 , quickly securing a first-team role under Jorge Sampaoli and remaining a key figure last season , playing 35 times - more than any of his team-mates - in LaLiga .
Reports of Barça 's interest were prominent for much of the campaign and there have even been claims the club already have an agreement with Lenglet .
While his exit has long appeared almost certain , Caparros insists Sevilla will not negotiate with the Catalan giants .
`` Let 's get one thing clear , something we 've always said : Sevilla will not sell Lenglet , '' he told Marca .
`` Barcelona wanted to negotiate a transfer but we will not sell him . It 's another thing if they pay the release clause , then any player can leave .
`` For now , Lenglet is our player , he did medical tests on Tuesday with the rest of the team and , as things stand , will go to Benidorm with the rest of the players for pre-season .
`` There will be no negotiating because we do n't want to negotiate . ''
According to reports in Spain , Lenglet has turned down the offer of improved terms at Sevilla , with Caparros adding : `` We want Lenglet to stay , that 's why we made him a renewal offer .
`` [ Barcelona ] will have to pay the release clause [ to sign him ] or he stays . ''
An Accra Circuit court has sentenced Owusu Sekyere , an attorney and Albert Coleman , to 12-years in prison in a fraudulent $ 200,000 land transaction .
Owusu Sekyere , a senior Attorney and Albert Coleman have collected the amount from one Ato Hamilton under the pretext of providing him with a parcel of land at Cantonments in Accra but failed to do so .
Lawyer Sekyere was also expected in the transaction to do due diligence in connection with the said land .
Law Sekyere and Coleman collected the money three years ago and the matter which commenced on November 15 , 2015 in the circuit court has dragged on .
The Court presided over by Mrs. Malike Wornya Dey found the accused guilty of the offense of defrauding by false pretenses and convicted them .
primenewsghana.com/general-news.html
Tesla has so far received almost half a million current reservations for the Model 3 electric car . Photo : AP
New York : Debt investors proved no more immune to Elon Musk 's charms than their swooning counterparts in the stock market .
Musk 's electric-car maker Tesla Inc. raised $ 1.8 billion in its debut bond sale on Friday , boosting the amount by $ 300 million to meet demand . The eight-year bonds were priced at a record-low yield of 5.3 % —a touch higher than initial talk of 5.25 % . They 'll help fund the ambitious rollout of the Model 3 , the linchpin of Musk 's plans to turn Tesla into a mass-market vehicle maker .
Demand is no problem for Tesla , with almost half a million current reservations , according to Musk . The real hurdle for Tesla 's chief executive officer will be to produce the vehicle on a scale that the automaker has never come close to achieving before . Musk himself told employees last month , “ we 're going to be in production hell ” trying to ramp up output in the second half .
Production hell just got a little more manageable after Friday 's bond sale .
“ Take it when you can , ” Hitin Anand , an analyst at CreditSights , said in an interview . “ It made sense for Tesla—what they really need is a lot of cash . ”
The 5.3 % coupon is a record low for a bond of its rating and maturity , according to data compiled by Bloomberg . The sale was managed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley , Barclays Plc , Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , Deutsche Bank AG and Royal Bank of Canada .
Marketing extravaganza
Musk , 46 , brought his charm offensive to the debt market at a meeting for prospective bond buyers at a Manhattan hotel earlier this week . He dialled in , rather than attending in person , and came away with orders for $ 600 million after just a few hours , according to investors briefed on the matter .
The session , which featured a gleaming blue Model 3 on display , was part of a four-day sales campaign that included an invitation from Musk for investors to tour the company 's assembly plant . The tactics worked , as bond buyers proved willing to overlook the company 's negative cash flow and its repeated trips to capital markets to bolster its balance sheet .
The debt offering , Tesla 's first of non-convertible bonds , represents the latest sign of froth in the high-yield market , where investors have been turning a blind eye to bond-market basics in search of yield .
“ If you think about the ‘ early adopter ' concept , the same may apply to this bond for certain investors , ” said Jon Duensing , director of investment-grade credit at Amundi Pioneer , which oversees $ 82.4 billion . “ They may be investing due to the uniqueness of the offering rather than the value . ”
People at the Manhattan meeting had estimated that the company could wind up paying no more than 5 % on the junk-rated bonds . The Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Index closed at a five-week high of 5.71 % on Thursday , amid escalating tension in the Korean Peninsula .
Tesla 's unsecured notes will rank bondholders similarly to their convertible-bond counterparts , though they wo n't reap the same upside reward should the Model 3 , or any other success , propel the stock even further . If the company later decides to issue secured debt , unsecured holders would be pushed lower on the capital structure with less priority to get paid back if the company runs into financial trouble . Bloomberg
During World War I , the small town of Devenish and district had a population of around 300 , but 50 of its citizens - one in six - signed up to serve .
Seven diggers died and never came home .
The war 's impact still resonates today . Many people in the wheat farming community , near Benalla in northern Victoria , have family ties to those 50 who served .
Farmer Kevin Mitchell said locals were keen to mark the centenary of the end of the war , but also to bring visitors to the town ‘ ‘ and make it a bit more vibrant '' .
More than 100 local people raised $ 20,000 to fund a striking 20-metre-high mural on disused grain silos , opposite the Railway Hotel .
Painted by Melbourne artist Cam Scale over 11 days , it depicts two women , 100 years apart - a WWI nurse and a modern-day army medic .
The modern soldier was to be male , but Scale said he thought a woman medic `` would show the changing role of nursing and of women 's role in society and the military '' .
It does n't depict a particular person , but two Devenish women were World War I nurses .
Mr Mitchell , chairman of the Devenish Silo Art Committee said the mural , which Benalla Rural City mayor Don Firth will launch on Tuesday , the eve of Anzac Day , was the biggest thing to happen in the town ‘ ‘ for quite a while '' and widely admired .
‘ ‘ It 's very respectful and beautifully painted . It makes you think . It 's an excellent tribute to those who went away from our district , '' Mr Mitchell said .
Cam Scale spent 11 days painting a 20m high mural on silos overlooking the tiny town of Devenish , near Benalla . Photo : p1xels
‘ ‘ It 's a tribute to those who put the country ahead of themselves , both in the early days and currently . ''
It will be part of a new ‘ ‘ silo art trail '' that already includes the towns of Goorambat and Tungamah .
‘ ‘ I think it will create a heck of a lot of interest , '' Mr Mitchell said . ‘ ‘ It 's certainly going to make everyone aware in Victoria , and wider , where Devenish is . ''
MOHAMMAD AMIR admits that bowling Pakistan to a Test series win in England would represent “ the best memory ” of his life .
The pace bowler was a key figure in the tourists ' nine-wicket win over England in the first Test at Lord 's , with the 26-year-old taking five wickets in a triumph that put Pakistan on course for a series victory .
The second Test of the two-match series begins at Headingley tomorrow and Amir has his sights set on completing a success that would rank as the finest achievement of his career .
“ It 's a big achievement winning in Test cricket in England against England at home , Amir said . “ If we win the series , I think it will be the best memory of my life . ”
But Amir expects England 's wounded pride will ensure a much harder in Leeds .
“ Winning games at Lord 's - the home of cricket - it is very hard to win ( in England ) . We did well at Lord 's , but it 's passed now , ” he said .
“ Everybody knows England is a very good side - I think one of the best sides in Test cricket - and they will come harder at us here . But we are ready for that challenge . ”
Mohammad Abbas was Pakistan 's most potent seamer at Lord 's , with eight wickets , while Hasan Ali took four in the first innings . Amir believes they all have Pakistan bowling coach Azhar Mahmood to thank for the damage they caused to England 's unconvincing batting line-up .
“ Credit goes to all the bowlers , especially Mohammad Abbas . He 's bowling very well - and Hasan Ali , ” Amir said .
“ But credit goes to Azhar Mahmood as well .
“ He 's working hard with us and keeps telling us , ‘ Pitch the ball up , pitch the ball up ' . I think that was the main difference at Lord 's . We are looking for the same here , and I always give the credit to Azhar Mahmood because he is working so hard - and he is the man behind this . ”
Surrey left-arm seamer Sam Curran has been drafted into the Test squad as cover for Ben Stokes , who is suffering with a tight left hamstring .
Curran arrived in Leeds last night and will train this morning , while Stokes will be assessed .
BRECKENRIDGE HILLS , MO – The Breckenridge Hills Police Department is investigating a bank robbery . The robbery happened around 2:30 pm Monday afternoon at the Commerce Bank located at 9850 St. Charles Rock Road .
Police say a man walked into the bank and handed a teller a note demanding money be put into a bag .
The suspect fled on foot with an undetermined amount of money .
It 's believed he may be driving a 2000-2006 blue Toyota Rav4 .
Police believe the man may live in the area .
Anyone with information on the robbery is urged to call the Breckenridge Hills Police Department at 314-426-1214 .
WWE News : William Regal dances with No Way Jose , Kayla Braxton and referee at NXT house show
You can not afford to miss this epic performance by William Regal at an NXT house show .
@ johny_payne by Johny Payne News 14 Aug 2017 , 18:02 IST
William Regal broke out a few cool moves at a recent NXT house show
What 's the story ?
NXT General Manager William Regal broke into a jig alongside NXT Superstar No Way Jose , a referee as well as ring announcer Kayla Braxton .
Regal seemed to be on his way out the ring after addressing the crowd in attendance at the NXT house show in Sacramento when No Way Jose entered the fray and encouraged Regal to dance with him .
The NXT GM obliged and was then joined by a referee and Kayla Braxton . Fans can watch the video below :
In case you did n't know…
Impromptu dance acts and spots of the sort are commonplace in the WWE and professional wrestling as a whole , with several notable performers such as Rikishi , Triple H , Stephanie McMahon and R-Truth busting out their dancing shoes to entertain the fans .
Besides , most fans would recollect Regal 's hilarious dance segment with Cryme Tyme back in the day .
The heart of the matter
William Regal has been commended for his work as the General Manager of the WWE 's NXT brand since assuming the position not only by the vast majority of pro-wrestling pundits but also by several fans as well .
The NXT house show in Sacramento saw the British legend electrify fans once again by unexpectedly letting his dance moves do the talking after just having spoken to the fans in attendance .
Besides , Regal was joined by Kayla Braxton and a referee , performing alongside No Way Jose .
What 's next ?
William Regal will be at NXT Takeover : Brooklyn III -- one of the most important events for the NXT brand this year -- on August 19th .
Author 's take
William Regal has always been the master of enthralling the audience in a subtle manner nonetheless .
In my opinion , he 's the perfect role model for an aspiring on-screen WWE GM , and his authoritative nature and stronghold over the order and decorum on screen truly gives an authentic feel to the role of a professional wrestling brand 's General Manager .
Carlos Aguilar Match Race cancelled for 2017 due to Hurricanes
Tight and exciting racing in the beautiful Charlotte Amalie harbour , as the Carlos Aguilar Match Race , the 5th and final event of the 2016 WIM Series , concluded the round-robin stage Dean Barnes / CAMR Tight and exciting racing in the beautiful Charlotte Amalie harbour , as the Carlos Aguilar Match Race , the 5th and final event of the 2016 WIM Series , concluded the round-robin stage Dean Barnes / CAMR
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/157819
by WIM Series today at 1:34 am “ We are very sad to have to cancel this year 's CAMR , ” says regatta director , Verian Aguilar Tuttle . “ However , many if not most , of the strong and talented team of volunteers who organize and run this event and host the teams in their homes are still in the recovery and rebuilding phase . Repairs are also underway to our fleet of IC24s , the St. Thomas Yacht Club clubhouse as well as the Virgin Islands ' utilities and infrastructure . We will definitely miss seeing and welcoming the sailors and race officers , many of whom have become great friends over the years . However , we do want to maintain the high standards of the CAMR and for this we 'll look forward to 2018. ” Like last year , the 2017 CAMR was set to host the Women 's International Match Racing Series ( WIM Series ) Finale. “ The women match racers and the WIM Series management are of course very disappointed that we will not be able to end our season in the Virgin Islands . But we also realize that an event in December would be too much of a burden on the volunteers and infrastructure in St. Thomas and this is not something we want anyone to have to worry about on top of the real-life challenges they are facing as they try to return to a ‘ normal ' life post Hurricanes ' Irma and Maria . We look forward to the opportunity to return to St Thomas in the future and experience the wonderful hospitality and great racing that the CAMR has given us in the past . In the meantime , the WIM Series management is looking into the possibility of finding a replacement event to fill the void made by canceling the 2017 CAMR , ” says Liz Baylis , WIM Series Manager.Those who would like to help in the Virgin Islands ' recovery efforts can donate to the non-profit VI Marine Build Fund . All funds will be used for the cleanup of the current cruising grounds , growth of marine industry offerings and development of marine vocational programs .
( Newser ) – Waterfalls are among the most reliable places to catch a rainbow , but only two on the planet offer up a regular display of its close cousin , the moonbow : Cumberland Falls in Kentucky and Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border . Also called a white rainbow , a moonbow appears when moonlight ( which is sunlight reflected off the moon ) in the days just before , during , and after a full moon hits the mist generated by the falls . Because we ca n't see colors well in low light , a moonbow appears white , reports BBC Travel , though photographers can use long exposures to capture its actual colors . Moonbows are occasionally—but not regularly—seen elsewhere in the world , including at Yosemite Falls in California .
What makes Cumblerland Falls and Victoria Falls so unique is that they boast just the right amount of splash along a wide enough ( rather than deep and narrow ) gorge so that moonlight can reach down and across the mist . CNN notes that because sunlight is much stronger than moonlight , moonbows are rainbow 's fainter cousin . They 're temperamental in other ways : Cloudy nights can prevent the bow from forming , and Niagara Falls on the US-Canada border has lost its moonbow thanks to light pollution . Bustle reports on one photographer who in November caught a similar fogbow , which forms in the fog , arching over a solitary tree in Scotland ; it went viral on Instagram and Twitter . ( Turns out rainbows are more complicated than we thought . )
Warriors wear down opponents with 3rd-quarter blitz
Photo : Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry reacts after scoring a 3rd quarter basket during 126-85 win over Houston Rockets during NBA Western Conference Finals Game 3 at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Sunday , May 20 , 2018. less Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry reacts after scoring a 3rd quarter basket during 126-85 win over Houston Rockets during NBA Western Conference Finals Game 3 at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Sunday , May ... more Photo : Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 2 of 8 Stephen Curry shoots a three-pointer over P.J . Tucker in the third quarter during Game 4 of the Western Conference finals . Stephen Curry shoots a three-pointer over P.J . Tucker in the third quarter during Game 4 of the Western Conference finals . Photo : Michael Macor / The Chronicle Image 3 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Draymond Green blocks a Houston Rockets ' James Harden shot in the third quarter during game 6 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at Oracle Arena on Saturday , May 26 , 2018 in Oakland , Calif. less Golden State Warriors ' Draymond Green blocks a Houston Rockets ' James Harden shot in the third quarter during game 6 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at ... more Photo : Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 4 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Kevin Durant runs down court after scoring in the third quarter during game 4 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at Oracle Arena on Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 in Oakland , Calif. less Golden State Warriors ' Kevin Durant runs down court after scoring in the third quarter during game 4 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at Oracle Arena on ... more Photo : Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 5 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Draymond Green and Kevin Durant react during a 3rd quarter run during 126-85 win over Houston Rockets during NBA Western Conference Finals Game 3 at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Sunday , May 20 , 2018. less Golden State Warriors ' Draymond Green and Kevin Durant react during a 3rd quarter run during 126-85 win over Houston Rockets during NBA Western Conference Finals Game 3 at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Sunday , ... more Photo : Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 6 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry scores past Houston Rockets ' James Harden in 3rd quarter during Game 4 of NBA Western Conference Finals at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry scores past Houston Rockets ' James Harden in 3rd quarter during Game 4 of NBA Western Conference Finals at Oracle Arena in Oakland , CA on Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Photo : Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 7 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Nick Young reacts to hitting a three-pointer in the third quarter during game 2 of the Western Conference Semifinals between the Golden State Warriors and the New Orleans Pelicans at Oracle Arena on Tuesday , May 1 , 2018 in Oakland , Calif. less Golden State Warriors ' Nick Young reacts to hitting a three-pointer in the third quarter during game 2 of the Western Conference Semifinals between the Golden State Warriors and the New Orleans Pelicans at ... more Photo : Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 8 of 8 Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry reacts in the third quarter during game 4 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at Oracle Arena on Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 in Oakland , Calif. less Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry reacts in the third quarter during game 4 of the Western Conference Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets at Oracle Arena on Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 ... more Photo : Michael Macor / The Chronicle Warriors wear down opponents with 3rd-quarter blitz 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
By now , preparing for their fourth straight NBA Finals appearance , the recipe is well known : No matter how sluggishly the Warriors play in the first half , they usually climb into an otherworldly realm in the third quarter .
They move without the ball like John Havlicek and the old Boston Celtics . They race downcourt like Magic Johnson and the Showtime Lakers . They snuff the life out of opponents like Michael Jordan and the 1990s Chicago Bulls .
And , suddenly , all is right again in Golden State 's galaxy .
The images of these third-quarter avalanches are seared into the consciousness of fans : Stephen Curry launching a majestic three-pointer , Kevin Durant rising above a helpless defender , Klay Thompson patiently pump faking before burying another three .
But the numbers are even more striking . In winning playoff series against the Spurs , Pelicans and Rockets , the Warriors scored one more point than their opponents did in the first quarter . They were plus-nine in the second quarter , plus-130 in the third and plus-10 in the fourth .
The disparity was especially staggering in the Western Conference finals against Houston , which pushed the Warriors to seven games . Golden State was minus-16 in the first quarter , minus-15 in the second , plus-68 in the third and plus-26 in the fourth .
This is not merely a postseason phenomenon , either . In the regular season and playoffs combined , the Warriors are minus-3 in the first quarter , plus-130 in the second , plus-501 in the third and plus-6 in the fourth .
So does head coach Steve Kerr channel his inner Knute Rockne and deliver stirring , impassioned halftime speeches ? Does emotional leader Draymond Green loudly chastise his teammates in the locker room ?
Or do Curry and Co. return to the court with renewed calm and sharpened focus , needing those 15 minutes to simply breathe deeply and remember they are the almighty Warriors , masters of the hoops kingdom ?
Kerr suggested the first half often becomes a “ feeling-out process , ” as his team tries to figure out what works best against that night 's opponent . Then , if the Warriors are n't playing well , their competitive desire kicks in and they start clicking .
“ I also think teams tend to play really hard against us from the beginning , ” Kerr said Wednesday . “ We 've been the hunted the last few years . They 're excited to play us , and they come out on fire defensively . That takes a lot out of them , and in the second half they wear down .
“ I think that happened the other night in Houston ( in Game 7 of the West finals ) . Their defensive intensity was incredible ; that had a lot to do with our turnovers and mistakes . But that takes a lot out of you , and in the third quarter . teams tend to tire a little bit and maybe that 's why we make a push . ”
Curry , naturally , leads the way . He 's shooting 58 percent from long range in the third quarter during these playoffs , compared with 29 percent in the first quarter , 24 in the second and 38 in the fourth .
His three-point splits in the West finals were even more extreme : 21 percent in the first quarter , 18 percent in the second , 61 percent in the third and 35 in the fourth .
Assistant coach Bruce Fraser , who works with Curry virtually every day , traced this trend to halftime adjustments designed to create more space for all Warriors shooters . Another salient factor : Curry 's perpetual motion without the ball .
“ I think he wears guys down , honestly , especially in a playoff series , ” Fraser said . “ He runs a lot . ”
Curry , walking out of his news conference at Oracle Arena , was surprised to hear the disparity in his shooting percentages was so wide . He pointed to his recent return from a knee injury as one possible explanation for his first-half struggles .
“ Just trying to get your rhythm and momentum , ” Curry said . “ Coach ( Kerr ) was watching film , and he said from Game 1 to Game 7 of the Houston series he could see physically the dramatic difference in the way I was moving , my endurance and my stamina .
“ So that helps , and I guess that 's reflected in the numbers . I do n't know what else to say , besides I hope I can keep the third quarter going and find ways to shoot the ball better to start games . ”
Curry also shot much better from distance in the third quarter ( 51 percent ) during the regular season than he did in any other quarter ( next best : 40 percent in the second ) .
Some other notable numbers on the Warriors and their third-quarter dominance :
•The Warriors make a higher percentage of shots in the third quarter than any other period . They 're shooting 27 percent on threes in the first quarter in this year 's playoffs , 33 in the second , 47 in the third and 33 in the fourth . Pity the poor Rockets : The Warriors shot 54 percent on threes during the third quarter of the West finals .
•Opponents , possibly hurrying and trying to match the Warriors , shoot significantly worse from three-point land in the third quarter . In the playoffs , Golden State opponents are making 36 percent of their threes in the first quarter , 37 percent in the second , 23 percent in the third and 30 percent in the fourth .
All these statistics typically add up to a familiar sight — the Warriors pulling away in the third quarter and a dazed , befuddled opponent wondering what on Earth just happened .
The Chronicle 's Mike Massa contributed to this report .
Ron Kroichick is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : rkroichick @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ ronkroichick
Steph gon na Steph in 3rd quarter
Stephen Curry 's three-point shooting by quarter this season :
LOS ANGELES , Calif. , July 3 , 2018 ( SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE ) — Renowned Japanese Ramen restaurant MENYA MUSASHI NITEN ICHIRYU is pleased to announce our Grand Opening Special Event on Friday , July 20 , 2018 in Sawtelle , Los Angeles .
Event Details :
Ramen , or Tsukemen , is offered at a special price of $ 5/bowl on a first come first served basis .
Lunch Time starting at 11 a.m. ( limited to 200 Bowls ) .
( One bowl per purchase per customer . )
Dinner Time starting at 6 p.m. ( limited to 200 Bowls ) .
( One bowl per purchase per customer . )
To learn more about both of the MENYA MUSASHI NITEN ICHIRYU and our event , please visit : http : //www.menyamusashi-la.us/ .
The restaurant will operate under regular business hours from July 21 , 2018 onwards .
Restaurant Information :
Restaurant Name : MENYA MUSASHI NITEN ICHIRYU
Address : 2012 Sawtelle Blvd. , Los Angeles , CA 90025
Phone : ( 310 ) 231-7188
Grand Opening : July 21 , 2018 .
Regular Business Hours :
MON-FRI : 11:30 a.m. – 3 p.m. ; 5:30 p.m. – 10 p.m .
SAT and SUN : 11:30 a.m. – 10 p.m .
Website : http : //www.menyamusashi-la.us/ .
Fecebook : Menya Musashi La – https : //www.facebook.com/menyamusashila/ .
Instagram : menyamusashila
About MENYA MUSASHI :
MENYA MUSASHI was founded by Takeshi Yamada in 1996 . Similar to the world-renowned sword master Musashi Miyamoto who proclaimed . “ I practice many arts and abilities – all things with no teacher , ” founder Mr. Yamada taught himself the art of making Ramen and established this Ramen restaurant .
In respect of Musashi Miyamoto who created the unique two-sword style on his own , Mr. Yamada named his Ramen restaurant “ MENYA MUSASHI . ”
MENYA MUSASHI currently has 14 restaurants in Japan , with overseas locations in Singapore , Taiwan , China , Malaysia , Indonesia and Ukraine .
About NITEN ICHIRYU :
NITEN ICHIRYU is a style of classical Japanese swordsmanship conceived by Musashi Miyamoto during his later years , where a longer sword in the right hand and a shorter sword in the left hand are both used .
About NITEN ICHIRYU from MENYA MUSASHI :
The main menu of MENYA MUSASHI NITEN ICHIRYU follows the concept of “ two-sword style , ” featuring two categories of Japanese food , Noodles ( Ramen or Tsukemen ) and Tonkatsu .
For each bowl of NITEN ICHIRYU Tsukemen and NITEN ICHIRYU Ramen , the noodles are topped with 2 large pieces of braised pork belly and Tonkatsu to create a feast in one bowl .
The noodle soup is a combination of both pork bone broth and seafood . Customers can choose from a regular soup or an extra rich soup for Tsukemen .
Vegetable Ramen will also be available after the official grand opening .
* ( WEB IMAGE 72dpi : http : //www.menyamusashi-la.us/media/menyamusashi_nitenichiryu-img.jpg )
News Source : Menya Musashi Niten Ichiryu
To view the original post , visit : https : //www.send2press.com/wire/the-no-1-ramen-restaurant-in-japan-menya-musashi-niten-ichiryu-is-finally-launched-in-north-america/ .
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source , who is solely responsible for its accuracy . www.send2press.com .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former England captain Casey Stone has hit back at a troll who claims 'she belongs in the kitchen ' in superb fashion .
The 35-year-old was this week honoured with a Special Achievement Award at the PFA awards for her service to women 's football .
During her career , she played for Arsenal ( twice ) , Charlton , Chelsea , Lincoln and Liverpool , and won 12 major domestic trophies , as well as a European silver medal in 2009 and bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup with England .
But after the official PFA account tweeted a picture of her with the honour , she was met with abuse from a troll who attacked her .
They wrote : `` That plate will look good when you put it in the kitchen where you belong '' .
However , Stoney was n't going to let that affect her and replied in a brilliant way detailing the honours she won throughout her illustrious career .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
She cheekily replied : `` Yes it 'll look fabulous in my kitchen next to my oven gloves , ironing board , my 4 FA Cups , 5 league cups , 2 league titles , European silver medal , world bronze medal and 130 England Caps ! It will fit very nicely thank you . ''
With 130 Three Lions caps , in November 2013 Stoney became the first female member of the PFA Management Committee .
She retired in February this year to join up with former Manchester United defender Phil Neville on his Lionesses ' coaching staff .
`` The PFA have helped me so much , I would n't be where I am on my coaching journey if it was n't for them . '' Stoney said .
Time is running out for foreign workers to leave island and be eligible for a pension refund .
The new pensions law comes into effect in 2018 , and many expats are weighing if they are in cayman for the long haul , or if they should take the money and run ..
Should I stay or should I go ?
It 's a question many expats are asking themselves , as the clock runs out on the old pensions law . Starting 1 January 2018 , those who leave island will no longer be eligible for a pension refund .
“ They will have access by the end of the year , if they make the decision to leave , to get a refund two years after they 've left , ” said Chamber Pensions Plan Director of Operations Randall Fisher .
He told Cayman 27 the pension plans themselves are unlikely to see signs of any “ mass exodus ” of foreign workers , at least not yet .
“ The question is whether it will trigger a mass exodus or not is debatable , we wo n't know as a pension plan provider until two years down the road , ” he said .
Mr. Fisher said certain demographics , based on age , have some other options to access their pension savings .
“ For example you are 50 years old and you were thinking of leaving simply for the purpose of getting a refund , you do n't really have to , because you have the option of a retirement savings arrangement , ” said Mr. Fisher .
He said those individuals could keep working , and apply for a retirement savings arrangement that would allow them to withdraw up to $ 12,480 a year .
“ If you have $ 25,000 in there , you can probably get your money out within 15 months of leaving the island , ”
He said resources exist for those expats who are still on the fence .
“ Any member can contact their pension plan provider and ask the questions , we are available , and the data is definitely on the website as well as the department of labor and pensions website , ” said Mr. Fisher .
NSW Rural Fire Service advises Fire Danger Ratings are expected to reach Very High on Wednesday .
THE NSW Rural Fire Service is urging residents in Coffs Harbour and Bellingen to take extreme care when conducting burning activities due to current and forecast unseasonable weather conditions .
NSW RFS Superintendent Sean McArdle said while local brigades have been taking the opportunity to conduct hazard reduction burns across the area , they are seeing an increase in fires escaping from private pile burns .
Strong winds and warm temperatures predicted for this Wednesday are particularly concerning when the area is so dry .
`` Fire Danger Ratings are expected to reach Very High on Wednesday , so we are asking residents to consider delaying any burning activities until Friday , ” Superintendent McArdle said .
`` Current warm , dry conditions mean landowners need to be very careful when attempting any burning .
`` Residents and landowners need to take care when using fire and remember it is their responsibility to control the fire so that it does not escape and cause damage to surrounding properties .
`` When undertaking burning activities , landholders need to notify their neighbours 24 hours before lighting a fire , and phone the RFS burn notification line on 02 6653 1097 . ”
Superintendent McArdle said all Coffs Harbour and Bellingen residents should take the current conditions seriously and make sure they have a Bush Fire Survival Plan to protect their family and property should they be threatened by fire .
`` If you are not prepared for the bush fire season then you must act now , ” Superintendent McArdle said .
`` Everyone should be using this time to prepare their property , which includes clearing gutters and removing combustible fuel from around homes .
`` All households should have a well-practiced Bush Fire Survival Plan so residents know what to do , particularly on days of increased fire danger , because there is no room for complacency when it comes to bush fire safety . ”
A family run business is looking to come back “ bigger and better ” after its premises were gutted by fire , leaving around 40 members of staff without work .
Anglia Laundry Services in Cobden Street , Millfield , went up in flames in the early hours of Wednesday last week with all of its stock destroyed or damaged .
Kosir Aziz and Shahzad Hamid , joint directors of Anglia Laundry Services in Cobden Street - which has been gutted by fire EMN-180307-161545009
The firm specialising in commercial laundry and linen hire has been operating in Peterborough for almost 30 years , catering for more than 200 clients including restaurants , hotels and hospitals , but it has had to redirect customers to rival companies as it looks to get back on its feet .
Director Shahzad Hamid said : “ The effects of the fire have been detrimental , not only to us but also our customers .
“ We spent the 48 hours ( after the fire ) trying to accommodate for all our customers ' needs and arranging alternative solutions . This is proving to be a real challenge as all our stock has also been destroyed or damaged during the fire .
“ We are having to redirect a lot of customers to alternative laundries located in the area in the interim . We employ approximately 40 members of staff ; this fire has left them without work and uncertain as to what happens next until we get back up on our feet . ”
The fire which gutted the premises
It took 10 fire crews several hours to tackle the blaze which is believed to have completely destroyed the building and all of its contents in around 30 minutes . There were no injuries and an investigation is underway to determine the cause of the fire .
Mr Hamid , who lives in Park ward , paid tribute to the firefighters who tackled the flames .
He added : “ I 'd like to thank the local fire departments who acted as quickly as possible to make the site and neighbouring properties safe . The fire has obviously caused hindrance to my staff , clients and suppliers , however , we will do our utmost to ensure service schedules are still adhered to .
“ I ask for all to be patient with us during these testing times . I am truly grateful for the outpouring of help , support from family , friends and the wider community .
“ A special thanks to all our customers , it 's been a great pleasure to serve you over a number of years , I hope we can continue our relationships in the near future because I can promise we will be back , bigger and better . ”
Catch Dara O Briain , one of the most recognisable faces on British TV , as he goes back to his day job as a world class stand-up comedian .
Dara will be returning to the stage in 2018 with his eagerly awaited brand new stand-up show ‘ Voice Of Reason ' and this is coming to Preston Guild Hall on Friday , May 25 2018 .
The master of audience interaction will be travelling the UK armed with his supersonic wit and provocative observations .
This is the chance to see one of the most charismatic , intelligent , fast-talking and downright funny live performers working today , back in his natural environment !
As well as his adept comedic work , Dara is one of the most in demand faces on British TV as host of BBC Two 's hugely successful Mock The Week , Stargazing Live , Robot Wars and Dave 's Go8Bit .
Dara has also previously released five classic stand-up DVDs with Universal Pictures ( UK ) ; ‘ Crowd Tickler ' ( 2015 ) , 'Craic Dealer ' ( 2012 ) , ‘ This Is The Show ' ( 2010 ) , ‘ Dara O Briain Talks Funny Live In London ' ( 2008 ) and ‘ Dara O Briain Live at the Theatre Royal ' ( 2006 ) - all of which have also aired on BBC TV as one hour specials .
Earlier this year , Dara 's first children 's book ‘ Beyond The Sky : You and the Universe ' was released by Scholastic UK and he will be back as host of BBC Two 's Robot Wars this month .
Tickets for the Preston show are £24.50 and are on sale now - available from the box office on 01772 80 44 44 or online at www.prestonguildhall.co.uk
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Summer is the perfect time to pitch up a tent and explore the great outdoors .
Be it for a camping holiday , music festival or just to have fun in the garden , they 're simple and affordable .
Below we 've teamed up with Halfords to share some of their best tent deals for summer 2018 .
Under £20
Halfords 2 Person Dome Tent ( Now £12 , was £30 . Save £18 )
This tent only costs £12 ( save £18 ) , so it 's an absolute bargain . It only takes about 10 minutes to pitch and it will sleep two people , keeping them nice and dry thanks to its 1500mm hydrostatic head rating .
Halfords 2 Person XL Dome Tent With Porch - ( Now £18 , was £50 . Save £32 )
That 's right , a tent with a porch for £18 ( save £32 ) . This makes it ideal for festivals , since you 'll have extra space for storing those muddy wellies .
The dome design has a single skin , making pitching really easy so you have more time to spend enjoying the fun .
Halfords 2 Person Pop Up Tent ( £20 , was £50 . Save £30 )
If you simply ca n't wait to get stuck into the festivities , the speediest option is to go with a pop-up tent . These deploy pretty much immediately and simply need their guylines to be secured before you 're ready .
This one is finished in a smart blue and will keep you dry in light to medium rain with no problem . And it also comes with a carry bag , so you 'll be able to stow it easily when you 're ready to pack up .
Under £50
Halfords Guaranteed Sun Tent ( Now £32 , was £80 . Save £48 )
This tent promises that even in the rain it will provide sun . How ? With its specially designed hydrophobic and hydrophilic materials , it detects rain and produces a beautiful sun pattern to cheer everyone around you .
Under £100
If you are looking for something a bit bigger but still affordable , the Urban Escape 4 Man Quick - Up Dome Tent , £60 ( was £150 , save £90 ) is a great choice .
It 's ideal for festivals , since it takes just 10 minutes to pitch thanks to its integrated poles .
When the fun 's over and you need to pack up , it also has an oversized bag to make life easier .
And just in case the weather is n't kind , this tent also is suitable in heavy rain and has a double skin to help prevent condensation .
Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 ( was £200 , save £110 )
Need space for the whole family ? The Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 ( was £200 , save £110 ) is full walk-in height throughout with a large living area big enough for a table and chairs .
Halfords the largest tent ensures you will get a good night 's sleep thanks to the double skin design with additional side and roof ventilation .
Under £200
Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125 ( was £300 , save £175 )
The Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125 , is designed for those who regularly go camping . Whether your on holiday with friends or family you can enjoy your own space with this spacious tent , it has two rooms giving space and privacy .
The colour coded poles make pitching easy and quick . Once all set up enjoy the added feature of cable access to keep all your gadgets charged and ready to use .
Urban Escape 6 Man Vis A Vis Tent ( Now £150 , was £350 . Save £200 )
Colour coded poles make this tent super simple to erect , and there are high-visibility guylines to make sure people do n't trip over and collapse the tent . This makes it ideal for a busier campsite or a festival field .
Under £300
Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275 ( was £600 , save £325 )
Designed for easy pitching in a matter of minutes , inflatable tents - which have inflatable beams rather than fibreglass poles - are becoming more and more popular .
The Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275 , is a vast and spacious tent . It has 2 bedrooms giving plenty of space for you to enjoy your trip away .
Lets not forget that quick pitch time only taking 15 minutes , due to its inflatable beams and included pump , leaving you to enjoy your trip away in no time at all .
It 's suitable in heavy rain and has double skin to help prevent form condensation .
Under £400
Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent ( Now £375 , was £800 . Save £425 )
Just because you 're at a festival or on a camping trip , it does n't mean you have to completely do away with your home comforts .
The Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent , £375 , lets you camp in style , with up to three bedrooms ( you can split one in half , giving you more rooms ) , a living room and enough height to stand in .
With this tent reduced to £375 , a saving of £425 , glamping just got more affordable .
Take this to a festival and people will flock to your afternoon tea parties and late night jam sessions .
Before you set off ...
Make sure your camping trip goes smoothly with these quick tips .
Have a trial run in the back garden if you can , so that you feel confident putting your tent up , taking it down again and packing it away . You 'll be glad you did , especially if it rains !
If you are n't buying a new tent , check you have enough tent pegs - it 's worth stocking up if you 're not sure how many you need .
Not sure which tent best meets your needs ? Halfords Tent Selector can help match you to your perfect product .
First time festival-goer ? Check out Halfords Festival Essentials and everyone will think you 're a seasoned expert .
Happy camping !
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords . Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services . Prices correct at time of publication . Offers end August 5 .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Reassessing property values for the first time in nearly a half-century would cost Lackawanna County somewhere between $ 5 million and $ 12 million , County Commissioner Laureen Cummings said Wednesday .
The last time Lackawanna County updated assessments — which determine how property taxes are distributed — was 1968 , leading advocates to believe many tax bills are unfair almost five decades later .
Cummings continued to voice her opposition to pursuing a reassessment during Wednesday 's meeting , saying when she was house-hunting as a 25 year old , what her neighbors paid for real estate taxes did n't cross her mind .
“ There is no fairness in property home ownership , ” the Republican said . “ When you own a property , you put money into it , you purchase it and then you hope to God that it gains value in the lifetime that you are there so that you have a nest egg . That 's the way I was looking at it . I was looking at it as an investment . ”
Cummings argues it is more productive to advocate for property tax reform and supports a state legislative proposal to eliminate school real estate taxes by bringing in more personal income and sales taxes .
“ I ca n't understand that concept of fairness in this , ” Cummings said . “ There 's no fair tax . There 's no way to make this fair . ”
Cummings also fears a reassessment would lead to tax increases for low-income elderly residents that could force them out of their homes .
Democratic Commissioner Jerry Notarianni , who advocates for a reassessment , thinks those residents would generally see their bills decline while more affluent residents who are under-taxed would disproportionately see increases .
Notarianni also believes the lack of a reassessment depresses property values in Scranton and has discouraged economic development in the city .
Economic Development Director George Kelly said developers have told him they are hesitant to embark on new construction in the city because the dated assessments cause uncertainty .
“ It 's safer for ( a developer ) to buy an existing building and rehab it , ” he said . “ At least then he knows what his taxes are . There 's no unknown , where if you buy new , you have to go to ( the assessor 's office ) , you have to determine what the standard rates are , what it 's going to be assessed at — which is going to be much higher than just remodeling . ”
Andy Wallace , chief of staff to the board of commissioners , has been researching what it would take to conduct a reassessment since the fall and is expected to deliver his findings to commissioners within the next two weeks , Commissioner Patrick O'Malley said .
The Democrat , who has not taken a position on reassessment , said it is possible Wallace could discuss his examination of legal , logistical and financial questions surrounding the process at the June 28 commissioners meeting .
Contact the writer : kwind @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9100 , x5181 ; @ kwindTT on Twitter
The Journal
By Stan Welch – After several weeks of consideration and contemplation , District 9 State Representative Anne Thayer has decided to remain in the House , instead of entering the race for the recently vacated State Senate seat held by Kevin Bryant .
“ I gave it a lot of serious thought , but in the end , I decided that I had run for the House in the first place to achieve certain goals for the people of District Nine , ” said Thayer in an interview with The Journal .
“ I have spent six years building relationships and attaining a certain status with my colleagues . To abandon that and pursue a seat in the Senate would essentially start that whole process over . I just feel that I can spend those six years , or as many years as the voters grant me , much more productively by continuing my work in the House . For that reason , I will not be running for Senator Bryant 's seat . ”
“ I have also become strongly connected to the people of the District I serve , in the towns like Pelzer and West Pelzer and Williamston , for example . There are very good people there , and they are working very hard to make their towns better places to live and work . I would no longer serve those people if I was the Senator from District Three , and I would miss that . ”
Thayer has had several legislative successes in the last two years , and is currently sponsoring or supporting five different bills before the House . Her work on children 's issues , especially those of foster children and those who care for them , has been a focus of her work .
Bryant 's election by the Senate to the office of Lt . Governor led several candidates to announce for his seat . Former Pendleton Mayor Carol Burdette , whom Bryant defeated last year , has declared , along with unsuccessful U.S. House candidate Richard Cash and former State Representative John Tucker .
Bryant was appointed Lieutenant Governor as a result of Governor Nikki Haley 's appointment by President Donald Trump to the post of U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations . Her confirmation set off the latest incident of turnover in the office of Lt . Governor .
Ken Ard held the office but resigned in 2012 to face ethics charges . Senator Pro Tem Glenn McConnell , who was first in the order of succession , assumed the office and served for two years , before resigning to become the president of the College of Charleston .
Senator Yancey McGill finished out McConnell 's term , but declined to run for reelection , opening the door for Henry McMaster to win the office . He succeeded to the Governor 's Office upon Haley 's confirmation as U.N . Ambassador .
Bryant was elected by the members of the Senate after serving District Three for twelve years . Senator Hugh Leatherman resigned the office of Senate Pro Tempore to remove himself from the order of succession and thereby open the path for Bryant 's ascension . Leatherman then ran for the office of pro tempore and was elected once again .
Fluro Friday - One Wave
What : Head on down to the beach early Friday morning in your brightest colours to form a happy fluro wave to raise awareness to depression , anxiety and suicide prevention .
`` Last year we had over 100 people form a happy fluro wave along Woolgoolga beach , ” Lisa Nichols from Key Employment said .
`` When I walk down the street people call out 'see you on Friday ' and it 's a lovely feeling and achieves what Fluro Friday is all about . It 's starting a conversation about a subject that can be sometimes difficult .
`` If our wave saves just one life it is worth getting up early and dressing in bright funky clothes .
`` I 've had people reach out to me on social media saying they will be attending to honour their lost sons , husbands , mothers and friends . It 's quite heartbreaking but hopefully we are making a difference .
Where : Woolgoolga main beach .
When : Friday at 6.30am .
Peterborough Panthers claimed a sweet slice of East Anglian derby revenge today ( April 17 ) - largely thanks to the brilliance of number one Jack Holder .
The Australian talent triumphed in a last-heat decider as the city racers pipped Ipswich 46-44 in an SGB Championship clash at a packed East of England Showground .
Holder powered back past countryman Rory Schlein as Panthers grabbed the 3-3 they required to secure victory against a Witches side who had slammed them 60-32 in the reverse fixture last Saturday ( April 15 ) .
Holder dropped only one point throughout - when being beaten by British champion Danny King in heat 13 - and earned rave reviews from team boss Carl Johnson for his match-winning contribution .
“ Jack was absolutely flying , ” said Johnson . “ He looked every bit a true number one and I 'm confident we can get performances like that from him on a regular basis .
“ It was a high-pressure final race up against two top opponents in Rory and Danny , but Jack really showed his class to beat them .
“ It was great to get over the line . We had to wipe Saturday night from the memory as soon as possible .
“ The only way to do that was beating Ipswich today . The size of the win does n't really matter - it was just a case of needing to get the job done .
“ The fact we were without a couple of riders made it even more satisfying . ”
Illness victim Kenneth Hansen was missing for a third successive meeting , while Paul Starke sat out after injuring a shoulder in a tumble at Ipswich .
Lasse Bjerre proved a capable guest for the latter absentee with his performance being deserving of more than the 8+3 he contributed .
High-scoring reserve Bradley Wilson-Dean delivered another important haul with 9+3 while skipper Ulrich Ostergaard added a valuable 10 despite riding through the pain of a knee injury .
The teams were never separated by more than six points in an ultra-tight contest , although Panthers never trailed .
Holder inspired an opening 4-2 to edge them ahead , but they were pegged back by the visitors ' first advantage when Schlein took the flag in heat four .
They soon built up another lead as a 5-1 from Ostergaard and Bjerre was followed by another Holder-led 4-2 in the sixth contest , but Ipswich hit back when Cameron Heeps ( one of three double-figures performers for the visitors along with Schlein and King ) led in Nico Covatti for a seventh-race 5-1 .
Wilson-Dean 's second triumph of the afternoon helped to earn a 4-2 for Panthers in heat eight before a series of four shared races was broken when Holder 's colours were lowered in heat 13 .
That reduced the gap to just two points and that 's how it stayed as Panthers emerged victorious thanks to Holder 's heroics .
They are back in action on Thursday ( April 20 ) when going to Sheffield .
PETERBOROUGH 46 : Jack Holder 14 , Ulrich Ostergaard 10 , Bradley Wilson-Dean 9+3 , Lasse Bjerre 8+3 , Simon Lambert 5 , Tom Bacon 0 , Kenneth Hansen r/r
IPSWICH 44 : Cameron Heeps 11 , Rory Schlein 11 , Danny King 10+1 , Nico Covatti 6+2 , Connor Mountain 4+1 , Danyon Hume 2 , James Sarjeant 0
HEATS
1 - Holder ( 61.4 ) , King , Lambert , Sarjeant . 4-2 , 4-2 .
2 - Wilson-Dean ( 62.6 ) , Hume , Mountain , Bacon . 3-3 , 7-5 .
3 - re-run Heeps ( 61.1 ) , Ostergaard , Bjerre , Covatti . 3-3 , 10-8 .
4 - Schlein ( 61.5 ) , Bjerre , Mountain , Bacon . 2-4 , 12-12 .
5 - Ostergaard ( 61.7 ) , Bjerre , King , Sarjeant . 5-1 , 17-13
6 - Holder ( 61.8 ) , Schlein , Lambert , Hume . 4-2 , 21-15 .
7 - Heeps ( 62.7 ) , Covatti , Ostergaard , Wilson-Dean . 1-5 , 22-20 .
8 - re-run Wilson-Dean ( 63.3 ) , Mountain , Lambert , Sarjeant . 4-2 , 26-22 .
9 - Schlein ( 61.3 ) , Ostergaard , Bjerre , Hume . 3-3 , 29-25 .
10 - Holder ( 62.8 ) , Heeps , Covatti , Lambert . 3-3 , 32-28 .
11 - King ( 62.2 ) , Lambert , Wilson-Dean , Mountain . 3-3 , 35-31 .
12 - Covatti ( 63.2 ) , Bjerre , Wilson-Dean , Hume . 3-3 , 38-34 .
13 - King ( 62.6 ) , Holder , Schlein , Bacon . 2-4 , 40-38 .
14 - Heeps ( 63.1 ) , Ostergaard , Wilson-Dean , Mountain . 3-3 , 43-41 .
15 - Holder ( 63.3 ) , Schlein , King , Bjerre . 3-3 , 46-44 .
P2S is a leading provider of turnaround , construction , demolition and exchanger services . P2S has a reputation for consistently delivering innovative solutions under challenging deadlines .
CONTACT : Mack Bozarth
Phone : ( 832 ) 532-5600
Email : Mack.bozarth @ p2sworld.com
Visit company page
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HONESDALE — A stifling defense , methodical offense and back-breaking special teams .
No . 2 Scranton Prep spoiled Honesdale 's homecoming with a balanced attack Friday night and a 37-0 victory .
Scranton Prep ( 7-0 , 2-0 LFC Division II ) gave lead running back Matt Gilmartin — who carried the ball 46 times in a 35-34 win over No . 5 Valley View last week — a break with just three carries , while Ryan Cosgrove and Brayden McAllister took on the workload .
McAllister capped the Cavaliers ' first drive with a 2-yard touchdown to give Scranton Prep a 6-0 advantage . He ran for 19 yards and caught an 11-yard pass during the 50-yard drive .
The Cavaliers forced a punt on the next possession , and the snap dribbled into the end zone , where punter Ethan Dunn fell on it as Scranton Prep defenders converged for a safety .
Scranton Prep did n't stop there , as Carter O'Dell took the kick after the safety up the sideline 65 yards for a touchdown and a 15-0 Cavaliers lead .
Early in the second quarter , Luke Johnson halted the Hornets ' next drive with an interception . Cavaliers quarterback Leo O'Boyle went back to him on the next play for a 17-yard reception , then O'Boyle capped the drive with a 23-yard touchdown pass to Sam Dickson for a 22-0 lead .
After a Honesdale ( 2-5 , 0-2 ) three-and-out , Cosgrove took over the offense with seven carries for 66 yards including a 15-yard touchdown run as the Cavaliers took a 29-0 advantage .
Scranton Prep went back to the air after another Honesdale three-and-out . Facing a third-and-17 on the Hornets 42 , O'Boyle found Lucas Stage down the middle of the field , and Stage ran for the score to put the Cavaliers ahead , 37-0 , before halftime .
“ I think Leo 's gotten better every single week , and I think our receivers have gotten more comfortable with him , ” Scranton Prep coach Terry Gallagher said . “ We 're going to rely on the running game because that 's who we are , but we 're going to be able to throw the football . ”
The Scranton Prep defense allowed one first down and 17 yards of offense in the first half .
“ I know , going back to last week , we did n't play great defense , ” Gallagher said . “ I thought at times we were out of position . We were a little bit undisciplined , so we tried to get back to doing what we do , and I thought we had a great week this week . ”
Cosgrove finished with 20 carries for 138 yards and a touchdown , while O'Boyle went 6 of 7 for 119 yards and two scores in the first half .
Contact the writer :
jbaress @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9125
Rachael Dunseath wants to lead a quiet revolution in skincare from Yorkshire . Deputy Business Editor Greg Wright reports .
IF you suffer from allergies or sensitive skin , you could spend a lifetime poring over the small print on packets of food and household goods .
But would n't it be great if you could enter a place where everything you touch is kind to your skin ? Rachael Dunseath plans to create that space . Her business has been built around her own experience as a mother who wanted to protect her child 's health .
She 's the founder and formulator of the award-winning Myroo Skincare , which describes itself as the UK 's first ‘ free-from ' skincare brand . Myroo 's products are made from natural , vegan and organic ingredients which are also free from gluten , nut and dairy products .
So far , Myroo has been a roaring success . It 's secured a contract to supply the new John Lewis store in Leeds and also scooped the Best Micro Business title at the 2016 Great British Entrepreneur awards . The business , which was started by Ms Dunseath and her husband Phil on a kitchen table in Harrogate , is poised to enter a larger market after gaining a manufacturer , Orean , which is based in Cleckheaton , West Yorkshire .
Her career as an entrepreneur began seven years ago , when Ms Dunseath discovered that her daughter , Freya , had childhood eczema .
She recalled : “ When I started looking at the products that were out there , and the ingredients , I realised we were eating really well . But the things we were putting on our skin were maybe not right for her . I started looking at making my own products for her ; balms , lotions and mixing things up on the kitchen table at home . And they really helped her eczema . I realised they were really great for my sensitive skin and we all started to use them as a family . ”
Ms Dunseath realised that there was potentially a very large market for natural skincare products . Myroo , which takes its name from Ms Dunseath 's nickname , Roo , signed up for the Entrepreneurial Spark Powered By NatWest Business Accelerator programme , to help it reach a wider audience .
The programme offers free office space at a ‘ hatchery ' off the Headrow in Leeds for early stage and growing businesses who are looking for support from a network of mentors and fellow businesses . Myroo 's products are now sold in Hong Kong as the potential market for ethical skincare takes off .
“ Clean beauty is huge now , ” Ms Dunseath said . “ It 's thrilled me that the industry has grown so massively . The bigger it gets , the more consumers learn about what ingredients are in their skin care . It 's educating people . ”
Tucking into some gluten free pasta in a Leeds restaurant , she told me that she would n't have considered letting go of the manufacturing process a few years ago .
“ But the business has grown so much that we ca n't keep up , ” she said . “ We want to be able to offer products that people ca n't get , like a body wash .
“ About 20 per cent of the population have a fragrance allergy . We know there is a demand out there , because people are asking us for it .
“ We do n't have the capability in our workshops to make those sorts of products . It 's great to be partnering with a company like Orean that understands our values . Their values match ours . We 're really excited that this is the next step up in growth .
“ Two and a half years ago , I developed a nut allergy overnight . I realised there was nobody really ‘ owning ' the allergy and sensitive skin space .
“ It needs someone who really understands what allergy sufferers are going through . That was when I had the light bulb moment of completely changing Myroo and overhauling it .
“ We 're running it to make money , but it comes from a source of passion and experience and knowledge of what our customers are going through .
“ Kindness is our core value . We 're kind to our skin , we 're kind to each other and we 're kind to the planet . That 's the basis of all of our decision making . That said , we 're from a corporate background and we understand business , and I do think this has the potential to grow into a really recognisable brand in the skin care space . ”
Her ultimate goal is to establish a Myroo spa ; a wellbeing space where people can enjoy an allergy friendly environment with a yoga studio , a cafe and a treatment centre .
She said : “ It will be amazing to think that might be in place in five years ' time . Part of the Myroo proposition is that we will always stick to the values of vegan , organic , gluten free , nut free and dairy free . As someone who spends their life reading labels , I wanted Myroo to be a completely safe space . ”
She added : “ I 'd love Myroo to be considered part of the first wave that triggered a change in skin care . Look at where food has gone in the last few years . You could n't just go to the supermarket and get a bag of gluten free pasta . You had to get it on prescription . I 'm just sitting here , and I 've got some gluten free pasta . That would n't have happened a few years ago .
“ We go up to Northumberland every year with the family , and me and my little girls have gluten free fish and chips . That change took time . ”
Today , the Myroo team is still made up of Ms Dunseath and her husband , who work with a growing number of Yorkshire-based freelances .
The turnover is around £90,000 this year and this figure is set to grow as the new manufacturing operation swings into action .
Ms Dunseath hopes to be remembered as the leader of a gentle revolution that transformed skincare forever .
She added : “ It would be lovely if labelling became clearer on skincare products and consumers had more of an understanding of what was in their skincare .
“ To be considered one of the brands that made that change start to happen would be amazing . ”
ame : Rachael Dunseath
Title : Founder and director of Myroo
Date of birth : March 10 , 1975
Education : Degree Level – I studied American Studies in London & New York
First job : Babysitting
Last book read : The Night Manager – John Le Carre
Favourite song : Circle of Friends – Edie Brickell
Favourite holiday destination : Northumberland – unspoiled , quiet beaches and really patchy wifi . Car driven : Audi – a Harrogate cliché I 'm afraid
What is the thing you are most proud of : I can touch my toes . Oh , not what you mean ? My family then .
Thigpen Business Consultants is a boutique consultancy focused on providing management consulting and advisory services to energy clients around the globe .
CONTACT : Sam Thigpen
Phone : ( 832 ) 856-8585
Email : info @ thigpenconsult.com
Visit company page
Generally when someone proposes to their significant other , the best answer they can hope for is `` Yes . '' But one couple from Tennessee found an even better answer : `` You too ? '' The couple , Becky McCabe and Jessa Gillaspie had returned to the Memphis Zoo , the site of their first date , ostensibly to hang out with friends , in Memphis , Tennessee . In a video of the unintentional double proposal captured by said friends , McCabe kicks things off , dropping to one knee . For a moment , it seems like Gillaspie , who gasps and puts her hands over her mouth , is having an adorable , though pretty typical , response to being proposed to ... until she rushes to get her bag , and pulls out a ring box , too . And yes , they 've given the internet all the feels .
`` I had no idea she planned to propose , and she had no idea I planned to propose to her ! '' Gillaspie wrote in a Facebook post about the night . `` We were both so surprised ! ! ! ! We were surrounded by our friends and had the most amazing night . I am the luckiest girl in the world to be able to call her my fiancé [ sic ] . ''
After the post went viral ( it currently has more than 12,000 shares and 16,000 reactions ) , Gillaspie added an update , saying , `` We had no idea this would blow up so quickly ! But I ca n't say I 'm not thrilled , because all I 've ever wanted was for Beck and the world to know how much I love her . We are overwhelmed with all of the positive responses . Really , you guys have no idea how much that means to us ! ''
The McBabes on YouTube
The couple 's dual proposal ended in lots of happy laughter — and two `` yeses , '' of course , after the shock of having planned the same proposal wore off . CBS News reported that they plan to get married next summer , and judging by how in sync they were in this video , wedding planning is going to be a dream .
McCabe and Gillaspie ( who , BTW , have truly outdone everyone by hashtagging themselves as `` # TheMcBabes '' ) are not the first queer couple to bless 2018 with an accidental dual proposal . In February , Texas couple Tori and her girlfriend Berkley ( quoted by first name only ) both planned to propose during a visit to Berkley 's extended family , Tori told BBC Newsbeat . Tori had been plotting her proposal with Berkley 's mother , and started to pop the question during a game of Pictionary by drawing a proposal — only for Berkley to go down on one knee with a ring box in hand . The couple 's proposal video also went viral , garnering more than 74,000 likes on Twitter .
Tori told the BBC that her family had had `` a difficult time accepting the situation '' with her dating Berkley , but that Berkley 's family members `` are our biggest supporters . ''
`` When I said to Berkley 's mum , ' I may 've stumbled into a jewellery [ sic ] shop and bought a ring for your daughter ' , her response was , 'this is meant to be , ' '' Tori explained . She told the BBC she and Berkley plan to tie the knot in September 2019 .
One commenter on a CBS News tweet about their proposal wrote , `` Visibility is everything — the fact that a major news source distributed this is so important for young people everywhere to see . So beautiful . ''
And it 's true ; knowing that multiple queer couples have gone viral this year for their cute proposals is the definition of heartwarming . As part of a queer couple who married in Canada because my home state did n't yet allow same-sex marriage , it gives me serious , serious joy to see people like McCabe , Gillaspie , Tori , and Berkley celebrating their relationships and planning their weddings . Mazel tov , everyone .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Lackawanna County Prison counselor charged with a felony a month ago for stealing from Kohl 's faces new charges for retail theft , police said .
Kimberly A. Rupp , 49 , 31 Number 7 Road , Carbondale , tried “ under ringing ” items at a self-checkout Saturday night at Walmart in Dickson City , Officer Michael Ranakoski wrote in a criminal complaint .
The store 's loss prevention officers watched Rupp scan one item and then put multiple items in a plastic bag at 7 p.m. She walked away from the sell-checkout isle without paying for any of the $ 206.77 worth of merchandise she had , Ranakoski wrote .
Loss prevention stopped Rupp as she tried to leave the store . Rupp is charged with a misdemeanor count of retail theft .
On Nov. 7 , Officer William Bilinski arrested Rupp for trying to steal $ 3,194 worth of jewelry and clothes from Kohl 's , according to a complaint . Because of the amount police said she tried to steal , the retail theft charge was graded as a third-degree felony .
Rupp has been an employee at the county jail for almost 24 years and makes $ 57,722 a year . The county 's administration declined to release information other than her title and date of hire . A message left the warden , Tim Betti , was not returned .
“ Her position is counselor , ” county spokesman Joseph D'Arienzo said . “ I can not offer any other comment as it is a personnel matter . ”
Magisterial District Judge John P. Pesota released Rupp on $ 10,000 unsecured bail . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Monday .
Contact the writer : jkohut @ timesshamrock.com , 570-348-9144 ; @ jkohutTT on Twitter .
Lefthander Jojo Romero pitched eight innings of one-run ball in Reading 's 3-1 win over Trenton Wednesday .
The IronPigs , Fightin Phils , Threshers , and BlueClaws were all in action Wednesday .
Here 's how the Phillies ' farm teams fared…
INTERNATIONAL LEAGUE ( AAA )
Lehigh Valley 5 , Charlotte 0 : RF Dylan Cozens hit a solo home run and LH Cole Irvin fell an out shy of a complete game to lead the IronPigs in a shutout of the Knights .
Irvin , the Phillies ' 2016 fifth-round draft pick , pitched 8 2/3 scoreless innings , striking out six and allowing just four hits and a walk to improve to 6-1 on the season .
LF Danny Ortiz , 1-for-4 , hit a two-run double in the third , and drove in another run in the seventh when he grounded out to first with 2B Alexi Amarista at third . Cozens , 1-for-3 , capped off the offense 's night with a solo shot to left in the eighth , good for his 10th home run of the season .
RH Yacksel Rios came in to record the final out . He needed only one pitch to force the Knights ' Jake Elmore into a ground out .
Lehigh Valley ( 29-22 ) will wrap up its three-game series with Charlotte ( 21-31 ) Thursday at 7:05 p.m .
BOX SCORE
EASTERN LEAGUE ( AA )
Reading 3 , Trenton 1 : C Deivi Grullon and 3B Damek Tomscha each hit solo home runs to lead the Fightin Phils past the Thunder .
Grullon , 1-for-3 , hit his 10th homer of the year in the fifth to tie the game , 1-1 . Then , in the seventh , Tomscha , 2-for-3 , broke the tie with his eighth home run of the season .
LH JoJo Romero ( W , 3-4 ) had a strong start , allowing just five hits and striking out seven through eight innings . Romero 's lone run allowed came off a solo shot from Trenton 's Zack Zehner in the fourth .
RH Edgar Garcia pitched a scoreless ninth , earning all three of his outs via strikeouts , to collect his fifth save of the year .
The Fightins ( 21-29 ) will conclude their three-game series against Trenton ( 32-20 ) Thursday at 7:00 p.m .
BOX SCORE
FLORIDA STATE LEAGUE ( A )
Fort Myers 6 , Clearwater 3 : Connor Seabold was tagged for four runs as the Threshers dropped the second of a three-game series to the Miracle .
The 22-year old righthander gave up a run on back-to-back doubles from Fort Myers ' Jaylin Davis and Travis Blankenhorn in the second , but steadied and kept the Miracle off the board until the sixth .
CF Jimmy Kerrigan homered off Seabold to lead off the inning , then DH Taylor Grzelakowski hit a two-run double four at-bats later .
Seabold ( L , 1-4 ) lasted 5 2/3 innings , throwing 88 pitches . He struck out three and allowed a total of seven hits .
LF Adam Haseley singled , advanced to third on a Darick Hall double , then scored on a wild pitch in the third inning . The Phillies ' 2017 first-round pick went 1-for-4 at the plate Wednesday .
DH Austin Listi , 1-for-4 , hit a two-run single in the sixth , and CF Mickey Moniak went 3-for-5 with a double in the ninth .
After losing Wednesday and 8-1 in the series opener to the Miracle ( 20-28 ) on Tuesday , the Threshers ( 19-29 ) will look to avoid the sweep in their 7:00 p.m. series finale on Thursday .
BOX SCORE
SOUTH ATLANTIC LEAGUE ( A )
Lakewood 3 , Greensboro 0 : Will Stewart allowed just three hits en route to a complete game shutout of the Grasshoppers .
Stewart , a 20th-round pick by the Phillies in the 2015 draft , threw 98 pitches and recorded 10 strikeouts in his longest outing of the season .
The lefthander improved to 5-0 and lowered his ERA to 1.23 through nine starts for the BlueClaws
2B Daniel Brito doubled to right in the top of the second , moving 1B Quincy Nieporte up to third . Then C Gregori Rivero grounded out to third , allowing Nieporte to score . Brito came home in the following at-bat thanks to a single from LF Josh Stephen .
CF Kevin Markham singled to lead off the eighth , and 3B Jake Scheiner drove him home with a double to left .
Lakewood ( 31-21 ) also defeated Greensboro ( 23-27 ) , 5-1 , in the series opener on Tuesday , so the BlueClaws will be aiming for the sweep when they wrap up their three-game set Thursday at 6:35 p.m .
BOX SCORE
Masoa said workers are demanding for payment of performance bonuses and the filling of vacant funded posts .
“ While still negotiating with NEHAWU Shop Stewards in the institution in trying to find an amicable solution to the problem , management served the union with the court order despite the agreement that NEHAWU Shop Stewards would take the employer 's offer and counter – demand to the workers , ” Masoa said .
He alleged that police went to the hospital and opened fire on picketing workers with rubber bullets in a bid to disperse them .
“ How can management say they are negotiating and will get back to us but then get an interdict and call the police to shoot at us while picketing ? These are the same tactics that were used by the Apartheid government during negotiations , ” he said .
CITY OF HAYS
Due to the observance of the New Year 's holiday , Monday , January 2 , 2017 , refuse/recycling route schedules will be altered as follows :
Monday and Tuesday 's collection will be on Tuesday , January 3 , 2017 .
There is no anticipated change to Wednesday , Thursday , or Friday 's collection schedules .
Although collections may not occur on your normal day , collections will be completed during the week .
City of Hays customers that may have any questions regarding this notice should contact the Solid Waste Division of the Public Works Department at ( 785 ) 628-7357 .
Please remember to always have refuse and recycling bags out by 7:00 a.m .
It is anticipated that heavy volumes of refuse/recyclable will be encountered around the holidays . Please make sure your bags are out by 7:00 a.m. and keep in mind that the trucks have no set time schedule .
WORLD CUP : Is the Battle of Santiago the most lawless match ?
WORLD CUP : Is the Battle of Santiago the most lawless match ?
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 16:54 IST 69 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
`` Good evening . The game you are about to see is the most stupid , appalling , disgusting and disgraceful exhibition of football , possibly in the history of the game . ''
Those were the words of BBC commentator David Coleman as he introduced the British broadcaster 's coverage of a group match between host Chile and Italy at the 1962 World Cup .
During his commentary , he described what he was watching as the `` Battle of Santiago . '' It is a label that has stuck to describe what is likely the most lawless match in World Cup history .
The backdrop to the game had already added an edge to the match . Two Italy players — Jose Altafini and Humberto Maschio — hailed from South America , while Italian reporters had maligned Chile as a country . Italian football was also in the vice-like defensive grip of `` catenaccio , '' which literally translates as a door bolt .
It was a toxic brew .
The 66,000 fans at Chile 's national stadium witnessed spitting , two-footed challenges , punches , scuffles and even police intervention .
Italy got much of the blame but Chile was n't immune — Maschio 's nose , after all , was broken following a punch from Leonel Sanchez .
Amazingly , Sanchez , the son of a professional boxer , stayed on the field — referee Ken Aston and his assistant missed the punch .
But Italy defender Mario David was looking for revenge after he had been felled by a Sanchez left hook . Soon after , he high-kicked at Sanchez 's throat and was sent off , joining teammate Georgio Ferrini , who had earlier been ejected for lashing out at a Chile player .
Italy , down to nine men , held on until two late goals saw Chile come out a 2-0 winner . Chile eventually came third in the tournament while Italy went home in disgrace .
___
AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Hopes have been raised of a boost to the economy and improved transport links if a historic railway line between Skipton and Lancashire is brought back into use .
Transport secretary Chris Grayling has announced that a feasibility study will be carried out into the potential re-opening of the Skipton-Colne railway line .
The line , which dates back to the 1840s , has been the subject of years of determined efforts to bring it back into use since being closed in February 1970 .
Re-opening the 12-mile route could create a faster rail link across the Pennines and lead to new passenger services between Lancashire , Skipton and Leeds .
The company behind Drax power station , near Selby , is among supporters of moves to re-instate the line .
Drax Power chief executive Andy Koss said : “ Re-opening the Skipton to Colne route to rail freight as well as passenger travel would have a significant impact for business across the North of England , slashing travel times and increasing productivity in the process .
“ It will have a direct impact on improving our supply chain at Drax , allowing freight trains to travel much more quickly to the power station in North Yorkshire , reducing journey times from the Port of Liverpool to less than three hours , a journey which can take up to nine hours at the moment .
“ As a nation we can benefit from a fast , efficient railway that allows more free movement of goods between manufacturers , their distribution hubs and their markets across the north of England and beyond . ”
The government has said it will look at opportunities to restore rail links lost under the Beeching and British Rail cuts of the 1960s and 1970s
The feasibility study for the Skipton-Colne line is being co-commissioned by the Department for Transport and Transport for the North and is expected to be completed later in 2018 .
Coun Keith Wakefield , chairman of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority Transport Committee , said : “ Transforming east-west links for passengers and freight across the North of England is one of the keys to unlocking the full economic potential of the Leeds City Region and a re-opened Skipton-Colne railway line could play a role .
“ We welcome this feasibility study as a sensible step to better understand the financial and engineering implications as well as the economic and social benefits which could be delivered if this project was taken forward . ”
Google urges developers to test their apps as final release of the next-gen OS nears
Google 's latest preview release of Android P , the upcoming version of its mobile operating system , offers a set of features close to what the final version will introduce later this year , the company has said .
That should make it attractive for developers looking to test their apps , to see how they 'll work with new Android P features as well as with restrictions the update is set to introduce .
Those restrictions block programming techniques that are used to access Android features in ways not covered by Google 's official Android software development kit ( SDK ) .
Google said the restrictions should improve stability , but they may also cause problems for apps that use the interfaces being restricted .
New features
Google 's vice president of engineering for Android , Dave Burke , said the new third beta gives developers everything they need to test apps or extend them to take advantage of new Android P features such as multi-camera support , display cutouts ( a.k.a . the “ notch ” ) and more detailed notifications .
“ It 's also important to test your apps for uses of non-SDK interfaces and reduce your reliance on them , ” he wrote . “ Where possible , you should move to using public equivalents from the Android SDK or NDK . ”
Google finalised the Android P developer interfaces ( APIs ) in last month 's Beta 2 , so that Beta 3 “ now takes us very close to what you 'll see in the final version of Android P ” , Burke wrote .
Developers who do n't have an Android P-compatible device can use Google 's simulator , which supports next-gen displays , such as long screens or those with a display cutout .
Google has said it 's planning to offer five previews in total , with the fourth and fifth being official release candidates . Beta 3 is an “ early release candidate build ” with “ near-final system behaviours ” , Burke said .
Final release
Google initially scheduled the final version for release in the third quarter , at which time it will begin arriving on some users ' handsets , depending on the device makers ' update policies . Burke said the final release would arrive “ later this summer ” .
Since Android updates are not as easy to come by as those for Apple 's iOS , new versions mostly make their way into users ' hands via new devices . Google has said , however , that it 's working to make it easier for existing Android devices to receive new versions .
Android P introduces new features such as a dashboard for helping users keep track of and place limits on their device and app usage , a don't-disturb mode , screen cutouts to support all-screen devices , and iPhone-like navigation gestures .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died aged 60 following a `` long-term battle with a progressive lung condition '' , his family said .
In a statement , Chegwin 's family said : `` We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition , idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis , which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year . ''
`` Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December . His wife Maria , his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side . ''
`` We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness , support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks . ''
( Image : PA )
( Image : Internet Unknown )
( Image : bbc photosales )
`` Keith was a loving husband , father , son , brother , uncle and friend . We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private . ''
Raised in Liverpool with his twin brother Jeff and sister Janice Long , he first rose to fame in the seventies , fronting popular TV shows including Cheggers Plays Pop and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop alongside Noel Edmonds and his future wife Maggie Philbin .
The trio released single I Wan na Be A Winner in January 1982 , which reached number 15 in the charts .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Unknown )
( Image : Hulton Archive )
( Image : London Features International )
( Image : WATFORD )
His career went off the boil in the late eighties and early nineties as he did battle with alcoholism , but he bounced back in 1992 when he sat on Richard and Judy 's sofa and admitted he was an alcoholic .
He then quit the booze and landed a gig fronting Down Your Doorstop on The Big Breakfast , which involved him hollering `` Wake up you beggars , it 's Cheggers ! '' at sleeping folk .
( Image : Challenge TV )
In 1998 he fronted a rebooted version of It 's a Knockout , then dropped his trousers for Naked Jungle in 2000 - a point that he once hinted was an all-time low .
`` My only regret was dropping my pants for Channel Five . I 'd never take my clothes off again . Never . Worst career move , '' he told the Daily Post in 2003 .
( Image : Press Association )
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Wenn )
( Image : Generic Singles )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
The noughties saw him make a string of appearances in Celebrity Big Brother , Celebrity Masterchef and Dancing On Ice .
In 2003 he appeared in Fear Factor , and in 2015 he came fourth in CBB .
He was previously married to Swap Shop presenter Maggie Philbin , who he had daughter Rose with .
However , their marriage subsequently collapsed and he admitted he was an alcoholic before quitting drinking for good .
( Image : Sky One )
( Image : TV Grab )
( Image : WARNING : Use of this copyright image is subject to the terms of use of BBC Pictures ' Digital Picture Service ( BBC Pictures ) as set out at www.bbcpictures.co.uk . In particular , this image may only be published by a registered User of BBC Pictures for editorial use for the purpose of publicising the relevant BBC programme , personnel or activity during the Publicity Period which ends three review weeks following the date of transmission and provided the BBC and the copyright holder in the caption are credited . For any other purpose whatsoever , including advertising and commercial , prior written approval from the copyright holder will be required . )
`` I very rarely see her , '' he said of his ex in 2003 . `` Really it 's just the occasional phone call about Rose . It 's 11 years down the line .
`` So it 's very difficult to answer that one . I think Maggie and I both realised years ago - and it was n't drank , even though everyone said it was - that it just did n't work .
`` There are always people you gel with , then think , 'Oh , time to move on ' . And that 's exactly what we did .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : PA )
`` The newspapers were searching for a reason , but Maggie and I have always said we would n't talk about each other - end of story . ''
He then went on to marry Maria Chegwin and the pair had son Teddy .
Today , Maggie released a touching statement about her ex , recalling their fateful first meeting and revealing that she last saw him two months before his tragic passing .
`` It is incredibly sad . Keith was a one-off - full of life , generous and with a focus on things that mattered - his family , '' she wrote on her website .
`` I saw him two months ago at his sister Janice 's wedding , where he was still attempting to be life and soul of the party despite being on portable oxygen and made sure he knew how much he meant to us all .
`` Our daughter Rose flew home from San Francisco to be with him over the last few weeks and I know he was surrounded by so much love from his second wife Maria , their son Ted , his sister Janice , his twin brother Jeff and his father Colin .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Daily Record )
`` Keith was loved by everyone who knew and worked with him .
`` I first met him when we did a film about windsurfing when I joined Swap Shop in 1978 and was immediately struck by his fun , energy and kindness .
`` He drove me home to Leicestershire from that freezing lake in Staines , insisting it was on his own way home . ( He lived in Twickenham ) .
`` He leaves us all with very special memories . ''
On the subject of his drinking , Keith once admitted that the first four years of sobriety were tough .
`` I do n't drink at all now . It 's been 11 years - I 'm very lucky . The first three or four years were difficult but , as time 's gone on , it 's become a lot easier . I do n't go into a hotel and ask them to remove or empty the mini bar like I used to , '' he said in 2003 .
`` When I 'd just got sober I was doing the Big Breakfast and was on the road for two-and-a-half years and sat in hotels staring at the mini bar .
`` Everyone thought I was fine but I was n't actually . The nights were murder . As a result of that I have n't slept through a night since - not for 11 years . I 'm awful , I go to bed for an hour and wake up . ''
( Image : WENN )
At the peak of his addiction , he said he would drink two and a half bottles of whisky a day , along with mouth wash and even Night Nurse .
`` I used to wake up at 3am or 5am for a drink you see , so my body just got used to that over the years , '' he said .
`` When you stop drinking your tolerance level to it goes up , not down . Now - although I have n't put it to the test - if I went back to the drink it would probably take three bottles . That 's never out of my mind . ''
DIOPATHIC PULMONARY FIBROSIS : LUNG CONDITION WITH NO CURE
Around 6,000 people a year are diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( IPF ) , the disease that killed Keith Chegwin .
According to the British Lung Foundation the disease causes fibrosis , or scarring of the lungs , which makes them stiffer so it is difficult to breathe .
As in Chegwin 's case , IPF worsens over time . Its cause is unknown and there is no cure .
Symptoms include shortness of breath , a cough that does not go away and `` clubbing '' in the fingers and toes - a change in the size , shape and texture of the nails .
Around 85 % of people diagnosed are over 70 , and men are more at risk .
Smoking , exposure to certain pollution , acid reflux , some viruses and genetics may increase the risk .
Treatment can alleviate the symptoms and slow the progression of the disease . Stopping smoking , exercising and eating a balanced diet can help the shortness of breath .
Medication can slow the growth of fibrosis . In some cases a lung transplant may be recommended .
WWE News : Roman Reigns ' mask mistaken for serial killer
The incident occurred in a shopping centre in the United Kingdom .
by Rohit Nath News 02 Jan 2017 , 12:59 IST
Roman Reigns was falsely believed to look like an infamous serial killer
What 's the story ?
According to The Sun , a person at a shopping centre in the UK saw a Roman Reigns mask and believed that it looked like an infamous serial killer named Peter Sutcliffe , notoriously known as The Yorkshire Ripper .
A father was shopping in a toy store when he saw the mask , with a Roman Reigns picture and a WWE logo on its package . As he felt it resembled The Yorkshire Ripper , he issued a demand for the store to remove the mask . He said :
“ I said to [ my wife ] think of a serial killer , and showed her the mask , without hesitation , and in an instant , she said ‘ The Yorkshire Ripper ' . The mask looks nothing like the actual WWE wrestler , and I have shown a close up the mask to friends and they all said ‘ The Yorkshire Ripper ' . ”
This is the mask which that caused outrage by the person .
The mask which supposedly represents The Yorkshire Killer
In case you did n't know ...
The Yorkshire Ripper ( real name Peter Sutcliffe ) is a serial killer , who went on a killing spree for five years between 1975 to 1980 . In 1981 , he was convicted of murdering 13 women and attempting to murder 7 more .
He is currently in prison , where he will spend the rest of his life . He was said to have faked mental illness to avoid prison and go to a mental facility . In August 2016 , he was released from the facility back to prison .
His notoriety has lasted for over three and a half decades , and this can be seen from the fact that his face is still remembered by many .
What 's next ?
Jakks Pacific , who manufactures the mask ( among other merchandise ) commented that they have no plans to remove the mask from the shelves . Ultimately , it was only one person who made the complaint and demanded to remove it from the shelves , so there will be no action taken .
Sportskeeda 's take
Jakks Pacific and Ringside Collectibles made the right move by not listening to the demand of the sole individual to take down the mask . It is officially licensed merchandise , and given that Roman Reigns is a top calibre star , it very likely sells well among the younger demographic . The claim , even if not baseless , should cause no harm or trouble .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
Photo : Daniel Silbert
By Scott T. Sterling
Bleachers are feeling the love , and it hurts .
Jack Antonoff 's band has shared “ Alfie 's Song ( Not So Typical Love Song ) , ” a new Bleachers song taken from the soundtrack to new coming of age movie , Love , Simon .
Related : Bleachers Share ‘ Alfie 's Song ( Not So Typical Love Song ) '
The song now comes with a wacky new video-in-a-video that finds Antonoff in a When Harry Met Sally rom-com-styled clip , with an emphasis on the comedy .
The video finds Antonoff hopelessly attempting to film the movie 's ending and climatic kiss between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan , only to be thwarted at every turn , and painfully so .
The creative clip is an ideal visual for the peppy new track from Love , Simon , the current box office hit about a teen coming to terms with his sexuality .
Watch the video below .
`` We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago , and we just assumed the worst , '' said Edwards .
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok , a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Moscow denies the allegation . The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West , including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides .
Counter-terrorism teams from London 's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning . On Wednesday , however , Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police .
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals ' poisoning . Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ( $ 10 million ) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals ' poisoning and believe that his front door was contaminated with the nerve agent .
Sergei Skripal , 66 , is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap . He had been living quietly in Salisbury , a cathedral city 90 miles ( 145 kilometres ) southwest of London , when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia .
After being found unconscious in the street , the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital . Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still do n't know what the Skirpals ' long-term prognosis is .
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection .
___
Kirka reported from London . Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story .
This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline .
By Matt Dunham And Danica Kirka , The Associated Press
John Cassidy : “ Trump is n't merely enabling the Republican right ; with his daily pratfalls and incendiary statements , he is also drawing attention away from the Party 's policy initiatives . Imagine for a moment if a more normal Republican—a Marco Rubio or a Jeb Bush or a John Kasich—were in the White House . With no James Comey , Robert Mueller , or Jeff Sessions to chew on , the news networks would surely be focusing on health-care reform and the scandalous manner in which the G.O.P . is trying to ram through a piece of legislation that would affect a sixth of the American economy and cause tens of millions of Americans to lose their insurance . ”
“ Small wonder , then , that so many Republicans are willing to kiss Trump 's ring . He 's given the G.O.P . what it has long wanted : a White House willing to go along with its reactionary agenda , and a President who provides it with political cover . As long as Trump sticks to his side of the deal , he can expect to receive the loyalty he so prizes . ”
Delivered on May 29 , 2018
Mr. Speaker , as we have heard many times in this House , the impacts of climate change in the Northwest Territories are real , and they are having a profound effect on Northwest Territories communities . The community of Tuktoyaktuk is at the center of these changes . Coastal erosion has impacted the community for decades . However , with the increased frequency and intensity of storms and rising sea levels caused by climate change , the impacts on the community 's coastline have reached the point where adaptation measures are now required .
The Hamlet of Tuktoyaktuk has been proactive . Over the past two years , the community government has undertaken a project to revise its community plan and zoning bylaw . The revised plan and bylaw support the community government 's plan to relocate inland those homes at greatest risk . The community will also continue to search for techniques to slow erosion and protect the community 's infrastructure and cultural sites which need to remain on the peninsula for the near to medium term .
Mr. Speaker , I am pleased to announce that the Government of the Northwest Territories has received funding for the community of Tuktoyaktuk to begin adaptation efforts to address the erosion issues impacting the community . This is an example of our government working , through its ongoing engagement , with the Government of Canada to access funding for the Northwest Territories that will directly benefit residents . The departments of Municipal and Community Affairs and Environment and Natural Resources worked in partnership with the Hamlet of Tuktoyaktuk to access funding , through Indigenous Services Canada 's , Climate Change Preparedness in the North program . The total funding for the project will be $ 800,000 .
This funding will be used to relocate private residences from the western shore of the peninsula to residential parcels located further inland . This funding will support the relocation of those homes that are facing the most severe erosion issues , where the erosion has reached the home 's foundation . This is a commendable first step to addressing climate change impacts in this community , and I would like to thank Indigenous Services Canada for their support of this project .
This project is also supported by the work the Hamlet of Tuktoyaktuk and Municipal and Community Affairs began in late 2016 on the development of a mitigation plan for the community . The mitigation plan is being developed with funding support through Public Safety Canada 's National Disaster Mitigation Program . Once complete , the plan will outline the long-term adaptation measures for the community .
Mr. Speaker , Tuktoyaktuk is not the only community facing hazards related to climate change . The department has identified eight other flood risk communities in the Northwest Territories . These communities include : Hay River , Fort Simpson , Fort Liard , Nahanni Butte , Tulita , Fort Good Hope , Fort McPherson , and Aklavik . The Department of Municipal and Community Affairs is actively working with these community governments to develop the plans and access the funding needed to address these issues . Creative solutions and inter-governmental collaboration , as we have seen with the project in Tuktoyaktuk , will enable us to meet these serious environmental challenges to the greatest extent possible .
Thank you , Mr. Speaker .
Minnis still can not get rid of Mr. Richard “ Tie da Tubes ”
Sources deep in the bosom of the Free National Movement disclose that there is panic over Bradley Robert 's promised bombshell to be dropped after The Bill Ducker and Jeep Tiefer was nominated for the North Eleuthera Constituency . Despite the urging of FNM Chairman Collie and the declaration by Mackey that he has nothing to hide . Former MP for Montagu Richard “ Tie da Tubes ” Lightbourn knows better , however and has been trying to assist Mackey with purging his serious challenges .
Lighbourn , some is saying , never had any genuine interest in helping Mackey but in the process has concluded that Mackey 's dilemma can not be white-washed and has since abandoned Mackey while seizing the opportunity to now promote himself to replace Ricky for the North Eleuthera Constituency seat .
This is a gravely serious problem for the press-ducking FNM Leader Dr. Hubert Minnis as Richard Lightbourn is demanding that Minnis kneel and kiss the ring of the real FNM 's before he accepts the Party 's nomination for North Eleuthera .
Apparently , abandoning Howard Ricky “ The Bill Ducker and Jeep Tiefer ” Mackey , became necessary as his negatives were too heavy a burden for the FNM to carry ! ! ! .
Meanwhile news coming in confirms Richard “ Tie da Tubes ” is hard on the ground for Loretta Butler Turner in Long Island making sure FNM candidate and Save the Bays rep. Adrian Gibson is defeated .
Man dey mix up eh ?
We report yinner decide !
PKL Auction 2018 : Ex-Dabang Delhi captain Nilesh Shinde and 2 other players 'removed ' from auction list
The top defender has also captained his side last season .
Soumo Ghosh FEATURED WRITER News 30 May 2018 , 12:53 IST 4.08K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Nilesh Shinde
What 's the story ?
Former Dabang Delhi captain Nilesh Shinde has been mysteriously left out of the 422-man auction list on Wednesday , just a few hours ahead of the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 auctions in Mumbai .
In case you did n't know ...
Shinde has had a poor outing last time around with Dabang Delhi , as his side finished bottom of Group A after the league stage . Their poor performance meant that they did not make it to the playoffs . Dabang Delhi also finished as the team with the least number of wins last season -- five .
The heart of the matter
Despite Delhi 's poor form , Shinde is one of the most experienced players in the Kabaddi circuit . The 37-year-old , however , missed out no a few games last season , having made just 15 appearances . Out of these , Shinde mustered up a total of 19 successful tackles , scoring 20 points from them .
However , Shinde , along with two other players -- Arjun Singh Choudhary and Govind Panwar -- have been removed from the auction list .
Nilesh Shinde , along with Arjun Singh Choudhary and Govind Panwar have been removed from the PKL Season 6 auction list .
As of now , no official reason has been given , as to why these players have been removed from the auction list .
Shinde has been placed in Category B , where the players have a base price of Rs 12 lakh , while the Choudhary and Panwar have been placed under the New Young Players category , which will fetch them a sum of Rs 6.6 lakh if they are picked up by any of the franchises .
What 's next ?
While the New Young Player drafts have already gotten underway , the main leg of the auctions , where the overseas players under Category A ( base price Rs 20 lakh ) will go under the hammer .
With regards to Shinde 's situation , it remains to be seen exactly why his name has been removed from the auction list . Speculation has been rife , however , that this may be related to a criminal case against that was filed against the 37-year-old , after he had allegedly beaten up a fellow kabaddi player during a local tournament in Mumbai .
Do you think it was right to drop Nilesh Shinde from the side ? Have your say in the comments .
Follow all the LIVE Updates from the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 Auction here .
In the beauty world , fans and followers are essentially sleuths when its comes to hints and teases regarding possible new products from brands or influencers . Nothing gets by them ! Case in point . Beloved influencer Jaclyn Hill posted a dramatic smoky eye look with her signature glowing skin on her Instagram , revealing which products she used to create her look . Except for her eyes . She played coy about that . She simply stated that her eye makeup — a gorgeous and wearable sunset smoky eye with a halo of orange rising over her full black lashes and dark shadow — was `` coming soon . ''
And therein lies the source of intrigue for makeupistas .
Fans grabbed onto that little piece of information — her `` coming soon '' comment— and they ran with it . Many assumed that her eye makeup is from her upcoming , namesake brand . Makeup news Instagram account Trendmood also reminded us that Hill said her own brand was ( finally ! ) coming this summer in this post . Could products from Hill 's own brand be hiding in plain sight ? The hint makes us think it 's quite possible .
Hill has been teasing her own makeup line for a while now , all the while releasing blockbuster collabs with BECCA ( her Champagne Glow range ) and with Morphe ( her shadow palette ) . Will it soon be the right time for J. Hill to drop her own range ? Perhaps .
Fans instantly reacted to this look and they had questions . They also had theories . BTW , notice that Hill rocked a Kylie Cosmetics `` classic '' with her nude gloss .
One fan pointed to two very likely scenarios ! It could be a new makeup collab with a brand , which is a formula that has proven super successful for Hill and any company with which she works . The same fan expressed some wishful thinking .
That would be amazing , would n't it ?
This fan could not contain her excitement about `` coming soon . '' That comment is all of us , since we are like , `` Jac , what are you getting at ? What are we going to be getting and when ? ''
Hill has rocked sunset smoky eyes before . Remember , her `` coming soon '' eye makeup could be an advance look at an upcoming palette she received as an influencer . It could be something she has absolutely nothing to do with , in terms of creating it . There are so many possibilities .
Speaking of Jaclyn Hill Cosmetics , there is an unverified Insta account . It has exactly zero posts but nearly 64,000 followers .
The bio states , `` I 've been working on this since April of 2014 & want it to be perfect ! It will be launching in 2017 . '' That obviously requires an update . But the sentiment is real — we 'd rather she did n't rush it ! These things take time — so much time . But that wo n't stop fans from hoping , wishing , and wanting .
Of course , her legion of Hillsters were stoked to see her post a makeup lewk . Hill has taken a step back from filming YouTube videos and has been a bit quiet as of late .
While some may think she has been working on a new beauty project offline , Hill admitted via Twitter that she has had to step away because her personal life is taking up much of time . Therefore , tutorials have been in shorter supply . But she still shares incredible makeup lewks on her IG .
Hill certainly deserves to take as much time for herself as she needs — to sort out her situation , and to feel like herself again . While fans certainly miss her candid clips , she will be back . For now , we just have to remain glued to her Insta for her latest cosmetic creations .
If that sunset smoky eye she teased as `` coming soon '' is indeed created by her own products , we are about to be fully suh-layed .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
As a result of October 2017 , Kyrgyzstan 's state debt declined by $ 9.05 million . Such data was presented by the Ministry of Finance of the country .
It is noted that as of October 31 , 2017 , the size of the state debt ( external + internal ) comprised $ 4,357.5 billion , or 299,447.12 billion soms . External debt — $ 3,958.23 billion ( 272,9.57 billion soms ) , internal — $ 399.27 million ( 27,437.55 billion soms ) .
TORONTO — The Toronto-area developer of a video game denounced as racist says the product will not be released as planned .
The game , called `` Dirty Chinese Restaurant , '' features players chasing cats and dogs with a cleaver , scavenging for ingredients and dodging immigration officials .
Big-O-Tree Games of Markham initially defended the game as satire and said last month that it would be released soon for Apple and Android devices .
But the company posted a message on its Facebook page Thursday saying the game would not be released after `` careful consideration and taking the time to listen to the publics opinion . ''
The company also offered a `` sincere and formal apology '' to the Chinese community and said the game was not created `` with an intentional interest of inflicting harm or malice against Chinese culture . ''
Critics of the game included New York congresswoman Grace Meng , who said the game `` uses every negative and demeaning stereotype '' she has encountered as a Chinese American . Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne also condemned the game , saying such racism has no place in Ontario .
In its statement Thursday , Big-O-Tree Games said it will begin removing all marketing about the game from its social media accounts .
The company , which described itself as a small independent game studio , initially described the game as `` mainly satire and comedy influenced by the classic politically incorrect shows we grew up watching , such as : 'South Park , ' 'All in the Family , ' 'Sanford & Son , ' 'Family Guy , ' 'Simpsons , ' and 'Chappelle 's Show . ' We also listen to Jay-Z . ''
Nassau County Legis . Carrié Solages appeared in court Monday in his domestic violence case following his November re-election , with his lawyer signaling the Democratic official wanted to explore the possibility of a plea bargain .
The Hempstead court conference followed District Court Judge Joy Watson 's recent decision denying a defense motion to dismiss the third-degree assault and endangering ...
By SHERIDAN CYR
STAFF WRITER
Town officials , chamber members , and residents mingled in the lobby of Mulberry Gardens in Plantsville during last Thursday 's cocktail hour and ribbon cutting ceremony hosted by the Chamber of Commerce . Executive director at the chamber , Taylor Crofton , greeted guests and thanked staff members for their services .
A number of local government officials came out to show their support . Town councilors Dawn Miceli , Victoria Triano and John Barry all offered kind words of gratitude and congratulations .
“ We want to thank you for your continued commitment to our community , ” said Miceli . “ We so appreciate the goodwill you provide to our seniors . ”
Mulberry Gardens , a senior assisted living community in Plantsville and a Hartford HealthCare Senior Services partner . The event unveiled their newly constructed lobby on Thursday night . The lobby is 20 years old and facility management said that it was in need of repair .
Executive director Katie Mauriello said the new design was an effort to give a more residential impression , rather than an institutional one .
The facility received a full roof makeover , new carpeting and lighting , installed a new fireplace , sun room and sitting area , added new busses for senior transportation and is constructing additional parking outside of the building . They also rearranged the entranceway to provide a more open and welcoming area .
“ This is an effort to update and be more innovative , ” said Mauriello . “ We want to help our residents . This is all for the best of the seniors here . ”
Mauriello said the organization is anticipating a wave of newcomers in the coming years as the “ babyboomers are right around the corner. ” The facility currently has 96 apartments , with 24-hour nursing care .
In addition to live-in residents , the facility offers a day center program , where seniors can participate in activities and receive meals and personalized care throughout the day , and return to their personal residence in the evening .
The facility offers all sorts of amenities for their seniors . An in-house salon offers haircuts , manicures and pedicures . There is a fitness center on-site . Several common areas include a billiards room , multi-media space and serenity lounge . For the warmer days , there is an outdoor garden and numerous patio spaces .
Mauriello said that the staff at Mulberry Gardens does their best to provide care to individuals with a variety of programs in a safe , active and positive environment .
Barry said the residents and day-service clients are lucky to have a staff that cares so much . Triano agreed .
“ There 's a saying that goes , ‘ They do n't care how much you know , until they know how much you care . ' Here at Mulberry Gardens , everybody knows how much you care , ” said Triano .
Some ongoing programs offered by Mulberry Gardens include an Alzheimer 's support group , arthritis programs and therapy , caregivers ' support groups , cognitive fitness , a friendship club , fitness and wellness programs , independent living , memory screenings , pet therapy , respite stays and much more .
For more information on programs and services available at Mulberry Gardens of Southington , visit www.mulberrygardens.org or call ( 860 ) 276-1020 .
BULLDOGS 2 STEELHEADS 1
HAMILTON — Riley Stillman scored the winner and Nick Donofrio made 30 saves as the Bulldogs topped Mississauga .
Matthew Strome opened the scoring for Hamilton ( 33-12-6 ) .
Michael McLeod responded for the Steelheads ( 23-26-1 ) and Emanuel Vella turned aside 23 shots .
-- -
FRONTENACS 5 ICEDOGS 3
KINGSTON , Ont . — Linus Nyman had two goals and an assist as the Frontenacs toppled Niagara .
Jason Robertson , Cliff Pu and Ryan Cranford also scored for Kingston ( 27-16-7 ) . Jeremy Helvig stopped 36 shots .
Akil Thomas , Sam Miletic and Danial Singer scored for the IceDogs ( 26-16-7 ) . Colton Incze made 34 saves .
-- -
GENERALS 8 PETES 2
PETERBOROUGH , Ont . — Kenny Huether and Domenico Commisso each scored once and assisted twice as Oshawa crushed the Petes .
Hayden McCool , Serron Noel , Nick Wong , Jack Studnicka , Renars Krastenbergs and Brendan Harrogate supplied the rest of the offence for the Generals ( 24-23-3 ) . Kyle Keyser made 37 saves .
Nick Robertson had both goals for Peterborough ( 18-26-6 ) and Hunter Jones combined with Dylan Wells for 32 saves .
-- -
SPIRIT 3 FIREBIRDS 2
SAGINAW , Mich. — Mason Kohn scored the eventual winner on a second-period power play and Evan Cormier stopped 29 shots as the Spirit edged Flint .
DJ Busdeker and Ryan Stepien also chipped in for Saginaw ( 25-16-6 ) .
Ty Dellandrea and Maurizio Colella had power-play goals for the Firebirds ( 24-21-4 ) . Garrett Forrest kicked out 30-of-33 shots .
-- -
ATTACK 6 RANGERS 3
OWEN SOUND , Ont . — Maksim Sushko struck twice and Olivier Lafreniere turned away 21 shots as the Attack got past Kitchener .
Kevin Hancock , Jonah Gadjovich , Brett McKenzie and Cade Robinson also scored for Owen Sound ( 23-19-7 ) .
Logan Brown , Givani Smith and Adam Mascherin scored for the Rangers ( 34-15-2 ) . Luke Richardson made 38 saves .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
`` It 's because of what happens to him that others know they have to toe the line , '' said New York University historian Jeffrey Sammons . `` They ca n't be seen as defiant or opponents of the system . They know they ca n't succeed without living up to expectations and being humble , unassuming and supportive of the established order . ''
Then came along Muhammad Ali , who was not one to toe the line .
Ali was the most visible and influential athlete of his generation when he protested the Vietnam War as racially unjust by refusing to be drafted in 1967 , a move that cost him his livelihood , derailing his fighting career for years .
Ali 's actions influenced others . Basketball player Abdul-Jabbar boycotted the 1968 Summer Olympics . At the same games , held in Mexico City , American track athletes Tommie Smith and John Carlos held raised fists covered in black leather gloves as the national anthem played after winning gold and bronze medals in the 200-meter race .
Abdul-Jabbar , who at 70 represents a bridge between Ali and Kaepernick , went on to a storied NBA career , but Smith and Carlos returned home to the threat of having their medals taken , and faced difficulty finding coaching jobs .
`` It was an international stage that was being used to promote how unified and wonderful the world is , but black Americans at that point were still in a very tough struggle to obtain their rights , both human and political , '' Abdul-Jabbar said of the 1968 games . `` The fact that ( Smith and Carlos ) used an international platform to speak for people who usually do n't have any power to be heard made it all the more significant . ''
Carlos said Mexico City was the only place he could 've made such a statement .
`` At that time , for me , there was no other vehicle than the Olympic Games , '' he recalled . `` I felt like the humanitarian issues at that time , as well as the humanitarian issues of today , are more compelling to me than an Olympic medal . I love the Olympics and I love sports , but I love a just cause for humanity even greater . ''
It is a sentiment shared by NFL players .
The killing of mostly unarmed black men by mostly white police officers sparked the Black Lives Matter movement , which has again drawn black athletes into the national conversation on race . The sideline protests in the NFL — started in August 2016 by Kaepernick — have been the most prominent display of players ' engagement , though black athletes in baseball and basketball have also had smaller displays of activism .
Because sports are such a prominent aspect of American life , they remain an effective way to bring attention to issues of racial injustice .
`` This is our inheritance , '' said Howard Bryant , senior writer at ESPN and author of the forthcoming book `` The Heritage : Black Athletes , A Divided America , and the Politics of Patriotism . ''
`` You 're not allowed to check out , '' Bryant said . `` This is going to continue until the United States respects the black brain more than the black body . Then sports can go back to what it was supposed to be — just a game . ''
Media — and social media in particular — has helped in recruiting athletes to the cause , explained Color of Change Executive Director Rashad Robinson , whose online civil rights organization has joined with athletes in addressing systemic racism and mobilized its membership to boycott the NFL and its corporate sponsors .
Such stands have often come at a cost , even for today 's players , who are far more prominent and wealthy than their predecessors . Like players who spoke out before them , they have been met with violence and vitriol , described as unpatriotic , ungrateful and disrespectful .
`` The public is used to black guys selling sneakers and making jump shots , '' said Bryant . `` Do white people want to hear what black people have to say ? No , they do n't . Does it need to be said ? Yes . ''
Abdul-Jabbar agreed , tying Ali 's fate to Kaepernick 's as two athletes who sacrificed their livelihoods at the height of their careers for a greater cause .
`` Anybody that knows anything about football will tell you that he is a talented athlete and should be on somebody 's team , '' Abdul-Jabbar , author of `` Becoming Kareem : Growing Up On and Off the Court , '' said of Kaepernick . `` I think he 's being blackballed . ''
But with the cost are also benefits . Using the universal language of sports as a platform to discuss race reveals racism and galvanizes support to end it , Robinson said .
`` Part of why people are paying attention is because of exactly who they are , '' he said . `` Throughout time , it has been the people with reputations and something to lose whose risk-taking has helped result in change . ''
___
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham in Denver contributed to this report
___
Errin Haines Whack is The Associated Press ' national writer on race and ethnicity . Follow her work on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/emarvelous
___
EDITOR 'S NOTE : African-American athletes have used their sports platforms for more than 100 years to impact social and political change . As part of AP 's coverage plans for Black History Month , we will take a multiplatform look at how many have and continue to engage in activism , from Jack Johnson , to Muhammad Ali to Colin Kaepernick . https : //apnews.com/tag/GameChangers
By Errin Haines Whack , The Associated Press
Dutch Fork ( S.C. ) athlete Bryce Thompson made news just before National Signing Day when he announced he would n't be signing with his hometown South Carolina Gamecocks . With high school and a winding recruitment behind him , Thompson is finally ready to head off to play his college football , but this time it 's at Tennessee .
The 4-star prospect becomes the latest summer addition of Tennessee 's 2018 recruiting class , as Thompson enrolled in summer classes for the June session and will begin offseason workouts with strength coach Craig Fitzgerald immediately following his arrival .
`` It was everything , '' Thompson said about why he chose Rocky Top . `` It was the facilities and the coaches . Just how the treated me when other schools were backing off because they did n't know why I did n't sign with Carolina they still pursued me heavily and showed me a lot of love . It just seemed normal there . ''
Thompson was a two-way standout at Dutch Fork , helping lead the Silver Foxes to their second-straight Class 5A state Championship . He rushed for 1,368 yards and caught 44 passes for 630 yards .
On defense , Thompson had 27 tackles , an interception and blocked a kick . After the season , he played in the tradition North Carolina/South Carolina Shine Bowl where he earned Most Outstanding Player honors after catching seven passes for 165 yards and a TD .
`` They told me I could playe either receiver or defensive back , '' Thompson said of his role with the Vols .
`` Definitely special teams , but they said I should make an impact early as along as I come in and do what I 'm supposed to do . I want to start at receiver first , but if they want me to go do DB then I will . ''
Janakpur : At least 175 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal , India and Bangladesh , officials said Monday , warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear .
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 80 people in Nepal , 73 across northern and eastern India and 22 in Bangladesh .
Around 200,000 people are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India , which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains .
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar , which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers were at danger levels .
Large parts of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal , with the two countries trading blame for the disaster .
All trains to the northeast have been suspended until Wednesday , with sections of the track completely submerged in water , Indian railway spokesman Anil Saxena told AFP .
In Nepal , ariel photos taken by an AFP photographer showed huge swathes of land in the southeast still underwater Monday afternoon .
Police said over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods across Nepal ` s southern planes .
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas , the country ` s home ministry said another 36 people were missing , presumed dead , revising down an earlier count after more bodies were found .
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of safe drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country .
`` In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards , '' spokesman Dibya Raj Poudel told AFP .
`` Several villages and settlements are unreachable . Telecommunications , mobile phones are still not working so it is difficult to give a full assessment . ''
A local volunteer in Saptari district -- one of the worst affected areas -- said the water level was receding but many people were still stranded on higher ground .
`` Water level has decreased a little bit but families still can not return home . They are taking shelter in sheds . What people need now is clean drinking water and food , '' volunteer Dipak Kumar Yadav told AFP .
On the outskirts of Janakpur , in southeastern Nepal , local residents were sheltering in a local temple after the flood waters had totally destroyed their basic mud homes , though the water had mostly receded .
In India , emergency workers were scouring the area hit by a massive landslide that swept two passenger buses into a deep gorge on Sunday , killing at least 46 people in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh .
In the neighbouring state of Uttarakhand -- which also borders Nepal -- three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains , local police official Ajay Joshi told AFP .
Bangladesh deployed troops to shore up embankments in the north of the country , where flooding has killed 22 people .
Local government administrator Kazi Hasan Ahmed told AFP up to 700,000 people had been marooned by flood waters after rivers burst their banks following days of heavy rain .
`` We ` ve not seen such severe floods in Dinajpur since 1988 , '' he said , referring to the worst-hit district .
`` The town protection embankment was washed away by flood water , submerging most of the main town . ''
The government ` s Flood Forecasting and Warning Centre warned that water levels in some major rivers would continue to rise over the next 72 hours , raising fears the flooding could spread .
In Nepal , the worst of the flooding was in the southern lowlands known as the Terai , the country ` s most fertile region and home to much of its agriculture .
`` We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated , '' said Shankar Sapkota , senior agricultural economist with the government .
`` Paddy fields , vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we can not confirm the extent of damage . ''
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June .
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from a vulnerable western district .
Hundreds have died in torrential rain , floods and landslides in neighbouring India during the monsoon , which hits the country ` s southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation , lasting into September .
CORRECTS NAME OF PHOTOGRAPHER - Flames of rockets fired by Palestinian militants are seen over Gaza Strip toward Israeli lands , early Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Palestinian militants bombarded southern Israel with dozens of rockets and mortar shells while Israeli warplanes struck targets throughout the Gaza Strip in the largest flare-up of violence between the sides since a 2014 war . ( AP Photo/Adel Hana )
CORRECTS NAME OF PHOTOGRAPHER - Flames of rockets fired by Palestinian militants are seen over Gaza Strip toward Israeli lands , early Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Palestinian militants bombarded southern Israel with dozens of rockets and mortar shells while Israeli warplanes struck targets throughout the Gaza Strip in the largest flare-up of violence between the sides since a 2014 war . ( AP Photo/Adel Hana )
GAZA CITY , Gaza Strip ( AP ) - Gaza 's Hamas rulers said Wednesday they had agreed to a cease-fire with Israel to end the largest flare-up of violence between the two sides since a 2014 war .
Khalil al-Hayya , a senior Hamas official , said Egyptian mediators intervened `` after the resistance succeeded in warding off the aggression . '' He said militant groups in Gaza will commit to the cease-fire as long as Israel does .
Israeli Cabinet minister Arieh Deri told Israel 's Army Radio that he expected calm to be restored .
`` If it will be quiet , we will respond with quiet . We 've given Hamas a chance to prove that we can return to routine ... If they release the reins there will be a very painful strike , '' he said . `` There is a good chance that the routine will be restored after the blow the army unleashed on them . ''
The Israeli military struck dozens of militant sites in Gaza overnight as rocket fire continued toward southern Israeli communities into early Wednesday morning , setting off air raid sirens in the area throughout the night .
The military said it hit drone storage facilities , military compounds , and rocket and munition workshops across the Gaza Strip . The overnight Hamas rocket fire reached the city of Netivot for the first time since the 2014 war . A home was struck , but no one was wounded .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel gave Palestinian militant groups in Gaza `` the strongest blow dealt to them in years , '' and warned against renewed rocket fire .
`` When they try us , they pay immediately . And if they continue to try us , they will pay a lot more , '' Netanyahu said at a ceremony in Tel Aviv .
But neither Israel nor the Palestinian factions in Gaza went full bore in their attacks , a sign that neither side was interested in escalating hostilities . Militants in Gaza did not fire long-range rockets at Israel 's major cities , as they did in 2014 , and Israeli airstrikes zeroed in on only unmanned military targets .
With neither side appearing interested in a full-blown conflict , a tense calm appeared to be holding Wednesday as Israeli children went to school in the morning .
The border area has been tense in recent weeks as Palestinians have held mass protests aimed at lifting an Israeli-Egyptian blockade imposed after Hamas seized power in 2007 .
Israeli fire has killed more than 110 Palestinians , most of them during the Hamas-led protests , which climaxed on May 14 .
Israel and Hamas are bitter enemies and have fought three wars since the Islamic militant group seized control of Gaza in 2007 .
The last war , in 2014 , was especially devastating , with over 2,000 Palestinians killed , including hundreds of civilians , and widespread damage inflicted on Gaza 's infrastructure in 50 days of fighting . Seventy-two people were killed on the Israeli side .
A crippling Israeli-Egyptian blockade , imposed when Hamas took power , has meanwhile brought the local economy to a standstill .
Hamas initially billed the weekly border protests as a call to break through the fence and return to homes that were lost 70 years ago during the war surrounding Israel 's establishment . But the protests appear to be fueled primarily by a desire to ease the blockade . Gaza 's unemployment rate is edging toward 50 percent , and the territory suffers from chronic power outages .
After Gaza militants fired some 30 mortars shells early Tuesday , Israel responded fiercely , threatening to set off another round of confrontations .
The Israeli military said most of the projectiles fired Tuesday were intercepted , but three soldiers were wounded . One mortar shell landed in a kindergarten shortly before it opened , wounding one person .
Brig . Gen. Ronen Manelis , the chief military spokesman , threatened tougher action and said it was up to Hamas to prevent the situation from escalating .
CHICAGO — The Laver Cup was a hit last year , and now Roger Federer is hoping it proves popular on U.S. soil .
The 20-time Grand Slam champion made his first-ever visit to Chicago on Monday to promote the second Laver Cup , a team competition that debuted last year in Prague .
Federer , shaking off a three-set loss to Juan Martin del Potro on Sunday in the final at Indian Wells that ended his 17-match winning streak , was joined by tennis legends Rod Laver and John McEnroe , along with young Australian star Nick Kyrgios .
Federer 's management team was instrumental in launching the Laver Cup , which pits Team Europe against Team World . After its third year , he said he 'll entertain possible changes to the format .
`` Down the road I 'm totally open to anything , '' Federer said . `` I 've heard already from women players . They would love to do it as well . ''
Four of the six players on each team are chosen on rankings after Wimbledon . The other two are captain 's picks , and captain McEnroe did n't wait Monday — he announced the talented Kyrgios was already on the World Team .
Kyrgios lost a tight final singles match to Federer in Prague last season , which clinched the cup for Team Europe .
What impact the Laver Cup has on the future of Davis Cup , the long-standing competition between nations , is still debatable . But there is a proposal from the International Tennis Federation to play the top level of Davis Cup in a single-week , 18-nation format . It must be approved by a vote of the membership .
`` It just takes so much out of the players to be available four weekends during the year every single year , '' Federer said . `` I played a lot of Davis Cup when I was younger and happy I did . I was happy it existed , but eventually it was just too much . ''
Federer added : `` I do believe that the Laver Cup has sparked some change , some inspiration to other cups that maybe we 'll see in tennis . But that 's a good thing . We 'll take that as a sign of flattery . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City 's impressive U23s will not play their Gloucestershire Senior Cup final game until pre-season it has been confirmed .
Current holders Bristol City Under-23s were due to face Gloucester City tonight , but the tie has been pushed back until Monday , July 30 ( 7.30pm kick-off ) at the Gloucestershire FA 's Oaklands Park headquarters in Almondsbury .
The Tigers last won the competition in 1996 , defeating Cheltenham Town on penalties in the final .
They have knocked out the Robins ( 4-2 on on penalties after a 2-2 draw ) , Shortwood United ( 4-0 ) and Bristol Manor Farm ( 4-0 ) on their way to a first final since 2010 .
City , meanwhile , have disposed of Cirencester Town , Bristol Rovers and Forest Green Rovers as they bid to retain the title .
Yesterday a young City Under-23s were beaten 4-0 by Leeds United in their penultimate league game of the campaign .
City went behind to an own goal from Jayden Ali before Tyler Denton ( 2 ) and Sam Dalby netted in the second half at Ashton Gate .
TORONTO — One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching his bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday , with an expected attack on both the party he hopes to lead and the one he wants to topple .
Doug Ford , brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford , will hold a rally to kick off his effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election .
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month , forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne .
Ford , who was the first to announce his candidacy , says it 's time to wrest control of the party from `` elites '' and speak up for people he feels have been shortchanged by Wynne 's government .
Political observers say the combination of name recognition , a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership .
`` Doug Ford ca n't be underestimated in this race , '' said Rob Leone , a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University .
Leone said Ford , who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014 , has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization , which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight , five-week timeline . Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2 , with results to be unveiled March 10 .
`` The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand , '' he said . `` It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement . I think that when you have a less established brand , it becomes harder to do . ''
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the Greater Toronto Area . In a province where Wynne 's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates , he said Ford 's messages may find favour `` in all pockets of the province . ''
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research , for instance , identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement .
Sure a few branches fell , but that 's to be expected when your twiggy home is being moved more than 30 feet above the ground .
In a five-hour operation on Monday , PSEG Long Island turned into a relocation company for a nest that two ospreys built at a dangerous location in Port Washington — atop an electric pole in front of North Hempstead Town 's garbage and recycling facility — to a safer place within the community , company spokeswoman Kristina Pappas said .
“ If they hit something wrong , the ospreys can injure themselves , ” Pappas said . “ If there are any downed wires , that 's dangerous and unwelcome for all the neighbors . ”
Ospreys tend to build their nests by the water , and this one was on West Shore Road , just feet from Hempstead Bay . North Hempstead Town notified PSEG Long Island about the wild birds earlier this month , just before breeding season went into full gear , Pappas said .
When three PSEG trucks and a crew of at least five arrived shortly after 8:30 a.m. , the osprey pair flew away , dove in the water for food but did n't leave the area , said Pappas , who was at the scene .
The pair “ kept an eye on what was going on with their nest , ” she said .
The crew dug a hole about 20 feet away to plant a taller , 40-foot wooden pole with a wide , fiberglass platform on top .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Once they determined that no eggs were in the nest , they started the delicate work after the electric lines were de-energized .
A worker perched atop a bucket truck placed plywood under the nest . Then with the worker carrying the bundle , crews inched the bucket toward the new pole .
“ We were all holding our breath , ” Pappas said . “ You could tell he was doing it very slowly , extra cautiously . We had gone through a day 's work to get this all set up . ”
Just before 2 p.m. , the ospreys had a new home .
After the 1970s ban on the use of the insecticide DDT , the species has made a comeback , going from endangered to “ special concern , ” with 230 breeding pairs on the Island by 1995 , the state said .
Pappas said the utility moves a couple or so osprey homes each year , and the Port Washington pair flew over their nest once the trucks backed off .
“ I think they were gauging what had happened to their home , ” she said .
By late Monday night , Pappas reported , the osprey pair were back home .
Halep pleased to overcome French Open first-round nerves
Nerves affected Simona Halep 's French Open first-round match with Alison Riske , so the world number one was pleased to get through .
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 19:04 IST 25 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
World number one Simona Halep
Simona Halep was relieved the nerves she suffered early on in her French Open first-round clash did not hinder her progression at Roland Garros .
The world number one had to wait until day four to kick off her campaign due to the Paris weather and it took her time to settle against Alison Riske .
Halep was out of sorts in the first set , making 16 unforced errors and failing to produce the high-intensity style that has become her trademark .
Having fallen behind , the Romanian soon found her rhythm and produced the performance many were expecting , going on to win 2-6 6-1 6-1 .
`` I had a slow start because it 's always tough to start this tournament , '' she told a media conference .
`` It 's a pleasure to come here and to play . So always I feel nervous at the beginning .
`` I did n't feel the pressure , because I know that every match is tough at this tournament , so I do n't expect anything [ to be easy ] .
“ I think the nerves are really good . It means that you care about what you are doing and your desire is really big .
Every time when I get on court is like I 'm really excited and nervous about everything , every moment . ”
- @ Simona_Halep # RG18 pic.twitter.com/NgAN7XrG3y — Roland-Garros ( @ rolandgarros ) May 30 , 2018
`` But what I expect from myself is to go there and to play as I play in practice .
`` So , this is the only one thing that I 'm following and I want to have on court . The result , it 's going to come if I play well . If not , I just have to fight and to try to not give up , even one point . ''
On the WTA Tour , Halep would have been able to turn to coach Darren Cahill for advice during her early slump , but such discussions are not permitted at grand slams .
That gave Halep even more satisfaction after the impressive comeback .
`` We have had many on-court coaching moments , and now I can say I have learned how to come out from a bad feeling on court , '' she said .
`` So today it was a good moment , I could come back alone , by myself . And this makes me a little bit more confident . And also stronger mentally , because I was able to do it alone . ''
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Neymar insists leaving Barcelona for Paris Saint Germain will not be the death of his career after making an instant impact for his new club .
The Brazil forward marked his first game since completing a world-record 222million euro ( £200.6million ) move with a goal and an assist as PSG cruised to a 3-0 win at Guingamp .
Some critics have argued that leaving Barcelona for Ligue 1 is a step down , but the 25-year-old is happy with his decision .
`` I knew it would be very difficult to leave Barça but I am very happy to be here , '' he told Canal+ .
`` People think that you die after leaving Barça , but no , it 's the opposite . I 'm more alive than ever , I play , I 'm very happy . The country , the city and the team change , but football is the same . ''
( Image : Rex Features )
After Jordan Ikoko 's own goal gave PSG a 52nd-minute lead , Neymar brilliantly set up Edinson Cavani to make it 2-0 before opening his account for the club with a simple close-range finish with eight minutes left .
Neymar believes he and his team-mates can only get better .
`` It 's always important to score , and I hope to score more , but I want to help the team win even more , first and foremost , '' he told his new club 's website .
`` We played well , scored goals and we 're satisfied with the game . We linked up well on the pitch , we 're going to continue getting to know each other . There are quality players , it 's a great team .
( Image : Rex Features )
`` I knew ( Cavani ) was a top , top player and that we would have an understanding . We are continuing to get to know each other , but it 's easy to play with him and Angel ( Di Maria ) .
`` We 're going to keep getting better . ''
PSG boss Unai Emery was pleased with his new signing 's start to life in the French capital .
He added : `` He 's a great player . Great players always find each other and are happy to play together . There are a lot of them in this team .
`` We put in the great performance we wanted to . ''
With strategic locations across North and South America , Deep South provides heavy lift and heavy haulers , vices , crane rentals , gantries , steel bridge systems and rigging .
CONTACT : Margaret Pernici
Phone : ( 225 ) 753-4371
Email : mpernici @ deepsouthcrane.com
Visit company page
An investigation into the alleged rape in September has been concluded by the campus Title IX Office and the assailant has received limited sanctions from the administration , according to information released by alleged victim Jessie Wattum .
An email was sent to Wattum by Title IX investigator Kevin Calderara , confirming her original statement that she could not give consent . Wattum publicly posted a picture of the email to her Facebook after the fact .
“ [ The ] respondent had sexual contact and sexual intercourse with the complainant [ Wattum ] , ” the email read . “ The complainant was incapacitated as the result of alcohol and unable to consent to sexual contact or sexual intercourse . ”
Laura McCollough , dean of students , refused to confirm whether or not the case has in fact been completed , citing university confidentiality rules .
While McCollough declined to speak on the case , Wattum said the dean of students emailed her with the conclusion , that the student who allegedly raped her will now have limited access to campus .
“ She emailed me saying that he had been trespassed from all the dorms , ” Wattum said . “ He was n't allowed to live on campus anymore , and he was n't allowed on campus before 8 a.m. and after 10 p.m . So that was his punishment for raping me . ”
Wattum , a former sophomore , first spoke out about her case in a Facebook post in October . In this post , Wattum stated she was raped by a fellow student in Bartlett Hall on Sept. 3 , after being incapacitated by drugs .
After that she assumed she kept “ getting plied with alcohol , ” rendering her unable to give consent , Wattum told Alaska Public Media .
Calderara also stated “ the respondent knew or should have known ” that Wattum was incapacitated and unable to provide consent . He went on to state that the alleged rapist was not incapacitated by alcohol at time of the incident .
“ He knew that I was not able to give consent , ” Wattum said in an interview with KUAC . “ He knew that and he did it anyway . ”
Calderara informed Wattum he was passing his findings on to McCollough .
McCollough confirmed the case was being processed by the Dean of Students Office in early December and no disciplinary action had been taken at that point .
Wattum and her twin sister , Birdie , have since withdrawn from UAF and temporarily moved to California to live with family and heal from the incident , Jessie said in an email on Dec. 7 .
Birdie has since returned to Fairbanks and Jessie will be living with family in Palmer , according to a post on their mother Kate Wattum 's facebook page .
Campus police concluded an investigation into the case in October , passing the information to the district attorney with a suggested charge of sexual assault in the second degree . The DA declined to prosecute .
While Wattum and her sister are currently living in California , she expressed a desire to eventually return to UAF . This conclusion concerns her , however .
“ I have to deal with seeing him , and it really showed me how much UAF cares about their rape victims , ” Wattum said in her KUAC interview .
While the investigation has been concluded , both students involved still have the opportunity to appeal the results , according to UAF spokeswoman Marmian Grimes .
While this case triggered public outcry among the student community , including protests , UA Regent and Title IX chair John Davies says that UAF followed the proper guidelines according the Title IX policies .
“ There was an investigation , there was an adjudication and there were consequences , ” Davies told KUAC . “ And it 's my belief that all of those followed both our regent policies and national Title IX policies . ”
Title IX is a section of the United States Education amendments of 1972 , stating : “ no person in the United States shall , on the basis of sex , be excluded from participation in , be denied the benefits of , or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance . ”
Training camp is just three weeks away , and the New England Patriots already have a big spot up for grabs . Following Danny Amendola 's departure to the Miami Dolphins , the Patriots already needed to find a new slot receiver . That need has only grown with Julian Edelman suspended for the first four games of the season . Somebody needs to step up to fill this opening , and the Patriots have a few choices to pick from .
The Contenders
Entering training camp , the top three contenders for the slot receiver role appear to be Jordan Matthews , Braxton Berrios , and Riley McCarron . Each player brings something different to the competition , and each should be given a shot to win the position .
Jordan Matthews
Let 's begin with the presumed frontrunner , Jordan Matthews . Matthews initially entered the league as the Philadelphia Eagles second-round draft pick in 2013 . During his Eagles tenure , Matthews was one of the most prolific slot receivers in the league . From 2013 to 2016 , Matthews recorded 225 receptions for a combined 2,673 yards and 19 touchdowns . Almost all of this production came from the slot , and he recorded more yards from the slot than any other receiver from 2013-2016 .
However , his production dipped drastically in 2017 . Matthews had the worst season of his career in 2017 , but there were clear reasons for his shortcomings . For one , he was fighting injuries for basically the entire season . Matthews played just 10 games in 2017 and looked severely hampered in most of them . Additionally , he was n't a great scheme fit for the run-heavy Buffalo offense . All of this led to a season in which Matthews accounted for just 282 yards and a touchdown on 25 receptions .
The Patriots signed Matthews on a cheap one-year deal , and the veteran receiver seems to be a great fit . He received starting reps in minicamp and was reportedly catching everything in sight . While he has n't earned the slot role yet , the position is his to lose .
Braxton Berrios
Berrios is one of the more intriguing players on the roster and is one of the biggest X-factors in camp . The rookie slot receiver fits the mold of Patriots greats , as his measurables and build align well with Wes Welker , Edelman , and Amendola .
During his final season with the Miami Hurricanes , Berrios recorded 680 receiving yards and eight touchdowns out of the slot . The eight touchdowns were the third best among FBS wide receivers . Despite being a sixth-round pick , there 's a lot of reason to believe in Berrios .
However , Berrios is facing an uphill battle . The sixth-round rookie missed the grand majority of OTA 's and minicamp while nursing an injury . Obviously , you need to get on the field in order to prove you can play , and Berrios has n't done that yet . However , he 's in the position where a strong camp and preseason could easily earn him a roster spot .
Riley McCarron
Riley McCarron is a true wild card in the sense that nobody knows what to expect from him . On paper , McCarron is arguably the best athlete of the three aforementioned receivers . Per NESN.com 's Doug Kyed , McCarron is “ quicker than Danny Amendola , more agile than Julian Edelman , faster than Chris Hogan , and more explosive than Wes Welker . ”
As Kyed notes , all of McCarron 's testable numbers show that he could be an elite athlete . McCarron 's 40-yard dash , 10-yard split , vertical leap , broad jump , short shuttle , and three-cone times are better than Edelman , Welker , and Amendola , some by a considerable margin .
However , being a great athlete and being a great football player does n't always go hand in hand . All the athleticism in the world wo n't mean a thing if you do n't know the playbook or how to run routes . McCarron could beat out Berrios if he 's polished up his game , but that 's a lot easier said than done .
The slot receiver is a notoriously difficult position to play , and several of the Patriots greats needed time before they were ready for it . Edelman , Amendola , and Welker each needed multiple years in the league before becoming stars . Perhaps the same is true for McCarron .
For a player who has yet to make his professional debut , McCarron has had several positive mentors on his professional journey . He spent the 2017 pre-season with the Houston Texans , working with former Patriots star Wes Welker . As a member of the Patriots , McCarron reportedly shadowed Amendola throughout the 2017 season . If he can put his athleticism together , he may be the next great Patriots slot receiver .
Last Word on Slot Receivers
Despite the unfamiliarity , the Patriots have several quality options for the slot receiver role . Matthews , Berrios , and McCarron all bring something different to the table , and each guy has the potential to play a big role on the team .
Barring injury , it 's hard to imagine a scenario in which Jordan Matthews does n't win the slot receiver job . While Berrios and McCarron both possess the skillsets to challenge Matthews , the four-year NFL veteran is lightyears ahead in terms of football intelligence . This comes from experience , and it will be very difficult for Berrios and McCarron to close that gap . With an offense as complex as the Patriots , Matthews experience should be the deciding factor in earning Tom Brady 's trust .
That being said , there 's still room for one of Berrios and McCarron to make an impact . With Edelman suspended , the Patriots have an extra spot on the Week One roster for an extra receiver . Both players have tremendous upside but are probably a year or two away from being serious contributors .
Right now , expect McCarron to have the upper edge on the final roster spot . McCarron has an extra year of experience on the practice squad , so he 's more familiar with the Patriots complex playbook . Additionally , missing minicamp severely affected Berrios ' chance to make a good first impression . While there 's more than enough time for this prediction to change , it looks as though the Patriots will carry Matthews and McCarron , at least for the first four weeks of the season .
Main photo :
Embed from Getty Images
Related
View the original article on
THERE is a long , long way to go , but front-row Brad Singleton believes Leeds Rhinos have already proved they mean business this year .
Leeds began their defence of the Super League title with a hard-fought 16-12 win at Warrington Wolves .
Considering Rhinos were second in the table last year and won the Grand Final , while Warrington finished ninth , it was a game they would have been expected to win .
But Leeds had not tasted success in a league game at Warrington since 2010 , the year before coach Brian McDermott took charge .
Two years ago , they conceded 52 points there and even last season 's visit ended in a 25-14 defeat , so winning at one of their bogey grounds was the ideal start .
“ For me , it even goes back to Under-20s , ” said Singleton , who made his debut in 2011 , of Leeds 's poor recent record at Halliwell Jones Stadium .
“ I played there in a Grand Final in the Under-20s and lost then so it was a massive win , especially in the first game . ”
Singleton added : “ I think we are in great nick .
“ Obviously we will improve and we will get fitter , but to start the season with that sort of hunger and level of fitness and desire to defend , it is great to see . ”
Leeds scored three tries to two and were 12-0 and 16-6 ahead at stages in the game , but did not have it all their own way .
Warrington , who trailed 12-6 at half-time , applied heavy pressure late in the first half and during spells in the second 40 , but were repelled by some outstanding last-ditch defence .
For Singleton , that desire to defend their own line was the most encouraging aspect of Leeds 's performance .
“ Everyone wants to get two points early doors , ” stressed Singleton .
“ To see the character there , it was similar to how we left off last year and it was great to see .
“ I think there were glimpses of how Richie ( Myler ) will demand some more structure out of us and that will give more space for the likes of Moony ( Joel Moon ) and the opportunity to get some points .
“ But for us forwards , we just need to give them a platform to go off and I think for round one we have done all right with that performance . ”
Of the importance of getting off to a winning start in their title defence , Singleton admitted : “ I think we are all scarred from that 2016 season .
“ We know what losses mean and what performances mean and every game matters . We want to win each game and we are here to do that . ”
Scrum-half Myler made his debut , against one of his former clubs , along with substitutes Brad Dwyer and Nathaniel Peteru .
“ They all played well , ” said Singleton . “ Richie , from the off , had more chance to show what he can do , but I think the two boys that came off the bench will get better and better .
“ The threat we 've got with Matt Parcell and Brad Dwyer out of dummy-half , I think will be on every opponent 's tip sheet .
“ For Peteru , as a forward coming over you have got to adapt , but I thought he did n't look out of place . ”
Brett Marchant won the Cleveland Country Club Golf Championship Sunday by finishing the weekend with a two-day score of 138 .
The time to take the title finally came for Brett Marchant .
Marchant shot an impressive 6-under par 138 to win the 63rd Annual Cleveland Country Club Golf Championship Tournament this weekend . In recent years , he finished second in 2011 and 15 .
Marchant shot an impressive 67 on Saturday to take a five-stroke lead over Ken Horton and Andy Lee who shot a 72 .
On Sunday , rainy weather made its way into the area but there were no lengthy delays .
Horton and Lee each shot a 70 on Sunday , while Marchant shot a 71 but Marchant was able to win by four strokes . Horton and Marchant finished with a two-under par , 142 each to finish in a second place tie . Horton won last year 's club championship with a 142 . Lee Gladden , who shot a 69 on Sunday , finished fourth with an even par , 144 .
Philip Ladner won the first flight with a 151 , Larry Perry won the second flight with a 158 , Jason Harris won the third flight with a 159 , Michael Whitten won the fourth flight with a 163 , Joe Knighton won the fifth flight with a 162 and Trace Stockstill won the sixth flight with a 172 .
Bob Eley won the seniors division with a 150 , Billy Nowell and H.L . Dilworth were tied for first in the super seniors division with a 157 each and Dossie Shook won the grand master seniors division with a 159 .
“ Stop food waste and save money ” are the goals of an initiative by Tyson Innovation Lab and Toronto-based Flashfood . The two groups are working together to offer boxes of surplus food through a direct-to-consumer offering called flashfoodbox , which launched in the Detroit metro market on April 22 .
“ We 're proud to be taking a lead role in finding an innovative way to get the public involved in reducing food waste , ” said Rizal Hamdallah , head of Tyson Innovation Lab , a special product development acceleration team at Tyson Foods Inc. “ Flashfood was a perfect fit and together we developed the flashfoodbox concept and readied it for testing within three months . It 's a great demonstration of the Lab 's accelerated approach and made possible by our agile partner . ”
“ Each flashfoodbox contains about 15 pounds of surplus food including fruits , vegetables and protein , priced at $ 44.99 per box , ” said Josh Domingues , founder and CEO of Flashfood . “ Each box has five pounds of protein including meat , and nearly 10 pounds of produce . That 's enough to prepare about 14 meals at less than $ 4 per serving . ”
The boxes can be ordered online at flashfoodbox.com or through the Flashfood app available through most online app stores . They are delivered directly to customers ' homes . Subscriptions are available weekly , biweekly and monthly , and subscribers receive a 10 percent discount . Recipes using the ingredients included in the boxes are available online .
“ People who buy the flashfoodbox are living the movement to reduce food waste , ” said Hamdallah . “ They can join our mission in two ways : by enjoying the flashfoodbox or by purchasing one to donate to others . ”
Through their efforts , the two companies say they are striving to help educate people on the facts about food waste .
“ Nearly one-third of all food produced in America ends up as waste , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , ” said Domingues .
“ There are many reasons why surplus protein and produce exist , ” added Hamdallah . “ Sometimes the product is misshapen or not visually appealing but is still safe and delicious . Our goal is to help prevent these surplus foods from being wasted . ”
By using surplus food as the basis for the flashfoodbox , these products are being made available to consumers at a significantly lower price point than they would pay at food retailers , say the companies , adding that the flashfoodbox can give people on a budget a way to prepare delicious meals .
Why Detroit ?
The two companies say they wanted to launch the program in a community that has demonstrated its commitment to revitalization and that Detroit stood out as a prime example . “ Detroit has historically been a city that many have viewed as having a lack of opportunity , ” Domingues said . “ But over the last few years , there 's been a vibrant resurgence , and we want to be part of that fabric as we scale the flashfoodbox into the U.S . ”
Forgotten Harvest makes three
“ Our third partner is Forgotten Harvest , a Detroit nonprofit organization that has been actively fighting food waste and food insecurity , ” said Domingues . “ This group has been an oasis in Detroit 's food desert for years .
“ Producers , farmers and growers will provide the rescued fruits and vegetables for the flashfoodbox while Forgotten Harvest will distribute donated flashfoodbox boxes to local families .
“ We 've built Flashfood to have a massive impact on food waste , and to do that , we need great partners . We 're excited to see what we can collectively accomplish . ”
The Tyson Innovation Lab 's involvement
“ People need protein to be healthy and satisfied , and Tyson Innovation Lab is able to contribute delicious surplus meat products to the food boxes , making them more balanced than produce-only food boxes , ” said Hamdallah . “ We also bring a great deal of experience with food supply chain management to the project . The Innovation Lab at Tyson Foods , an industry leader , can fight food waste at a large scale . ”
Finding ways to put underutilized food to good use is not new to Tyson Foods , as the company has been donating surplus protein to various organizations for decades .
“ Smart food companies avoid wasting food , but across the food supply chain , throwing perfectly good food out is still too common , ” said Hamdallah . “ We hope that our innovative approach to food waste will catch on in many parts of the country as the flashfoodbox initiative expands . ”
Since 2016 , Flashfood has partnered with Canadian grocers who post deals on their surplus food through the Flashfood app before it becomes food waste . Users see deals on surplus food through their phone , pay through their phone and pick their items up any time that same day . To date , Flashfood says it has diverted more than 15,000 meals from landfills .
Keep reading :
ON a night which delivered him a personal four-point haul , Sheffield Steelers ' Mark Matheson saved his best contribution until the very last .
With three assists to his name on a night of fluctuating fortunes for the hosts against arch-rivals Nottingham Panthers , the veteran defenceman proved why he is regarded so highly by team-mates , coaches and fans alike .
With overtime beckoning , the Steelers drove forward on the powerplay one last time . Matt Marquardt raced down the right wing and delivered the puck towards the front of the net where Matheson timed his charge to perfection to tip past Patrick Galbraith in the Panthers ' net .
Five seconds later , the game was up , the Steelers celebrated another late , late show while the Panthers continued their protests over the holding call on Tim Billingsley which had left them a man down 97 seconds of regulation remaining .
Up until man-of-the match Matheson 's late killer blow it had been anyone 's game , the Steelers enjoying the best of the chances overall , and probably surprised to find themselves 3-1 adrift early in the second period .
But they rallied impressively , battling back to take a 4-3 lead before the second break courtesy of three goals in six minutes .
HOW 'S THAT FOR STARTERS : Liam Kirk is congratulated by his team-mates after his third-minute equaliser against Nottingham Panthers . Picture : Dean Woolley
The initial deadlock was broken early on in front of 7,000-plus crowd at Sheffield Arena , when Panthers ' Ollie Betteridge found a way past Ervins Mustukovs at 1.52 .
But the Steelers were level through a moment of magic from top prospect Liam Kirk - scouted by several NHL giants in recent weeks - the 18-year-old bouncing down the left wing before firing one into the top corner of the Panthers net .
But the Panthers regained the initiative in the 17th minute through Jeff Brown , with Zack Phillips extending the lead further with a piledriver into the roof of the net at 25.42 .
The strike seemed to galvanise the home side who know they can ill-afford too many more slip-ups if they are to keep what are already faint Elite League title hopes alive .
GREAT LEVELLER : Jonas Westerling , far right , fires home Sheffield Steelers third goal against Nottingham Panthers . Picture : Dean Woolley .
Marquardt made it a one-goal game within three minutes of Phillips 's strike , with Jonas Westerling left alone on the powerplay to tap home from close-range for the equaliser at 31.02 after good work by Mathieu Roy and Eric Neiley .
Just under four minutes later , Andreas Valdix broke clear after cutting out a Panthers move near the blue line , the Swede firing high past Michael Garnett to send the home crowd delirious and the Panthers ' goaltender to the bench in exchange for back-up Galbraith .
There was always the feeling that one goal would not be enough , however , and so it proved when Alexander Mokshantsev levelled on the powerplay 53.37 . But the Steelers kicked back and had several near-miOsses before Matheson showed his knack for perfect timing right at the death .
The weekend 's job is only half done for the Steelers though , returning tomorrow to complete their home double-header when in-form Manchester Storm arrive in South Yorkshire ( face-off 5pm ) . Ryan Finnerty 's team strengthened their grip on third place on Saturday night with a 9-1 thrashing of Coventry Blaze .
The Steelers ' win over the Panthers moved them above Fife Flyers and into fourth spot , two points behind Manchester and with two games in hand .
Colombo : World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga on Wednesday said corruption `` goes right to the top '' in Sri Lanka and accused the International Cricket Council of undermining the game by failing to tackle match-fixing .
Ranatunga , now a government minister , said cricket corruption in Sri Lanka went far beyond the claims made in an Al Jazeera documentary which aired on Sunday . Ranatunga said the allegations must be investigated , `` but this must have been happening for a long time .
`` This is something that goes right to the top ( in Sri Lanka ) . What they will catch is the small fish . As usual the bigger fish will get away , '' he said .
The documentary alleged that a Sri Lankan player and groundsman were involved a pitch-tampering plot and that there was spot-fixing during Tests between India and England , and India against Australia .
`` I am so disappointed with the ICC anti-corruption unit , '' Ranatunga said , referring to previous complaints against Sri Lanka Cricket , which is headed by politician and businessman Thilanga Sumathipala .
The 54-year-old , who led Sri Lanka 's 1996 World Cup-winning team , has in the past accused Sumathipala of involvement in gambling in violation of ICC rules . Sumathipala has denied the charge .
`` If they ca n't see what is happening in Sri Lanka ... They should not sit on this anti-corruption unit , '' Ranatunga told reporters .
He said the Sri Lankans implicated in the Al Jazeera documentary could not change the outcome of a Test match unless they had backing from superiors .
`` They are small fish , '' Ranatunga said referring to the groundsman of the Galle stadium , Tharanga Indika , and a district coach , Tharindu Mendis .
`` They ca n't do it unless they have agreement with those right at the top . ''
- World Cup final -
===================
Indika and Mendis have been suspended while the ICC investigates accusations made in Al-Jazeera 's undercover report . Sri Lankan police have also started an inquiry .
Asked if the Galle groundsman was in a position to tamper with the pitch , Ranatunga said : `` There is a top guy involved . He should be held responsible . He should be suspended , not only the person who got ( directly ) involved . '' Ranatunga said the global audience for cricket was declining because of corruption allegations . He blamed the ICC .
`` The ACU has been very poor . They have not used some of their powers and I think that is one reason why cricket has gone down very badly in the world in the last so many years .
`` They ( the ICC ) need to take a big step and take a lot of hard decisions , '' Ranatunga added .
Ranatunga said last year , he raised suspicions that the 2011 World Cup final was tainted .
`` The ICC did not investigate , Sri Lanka Cricket did not investigate and we allowed things to continue , '' he said , adding that he was still distressed by Sri Lanka 's six-wicket defeat in the Mumbai final .
Sri Lanka , batting first , scored 274-6 off 50 overs and appeared in a commanding position when Indian superstar Sachin Tendulkar was caught for 18 . But India turned the game dramatically , thanks partly to poor fielding and bowling by Sri Lanka .
Local media raised suspicions of Sri Lankans throwing the match , but there was no formal call for an investigation until Ranatunga 's outburst last year .
Ranatunga said Sri Lanka 's humiliating 3-2 loss to bottom-ranked Zimbabwe in five one-day matches on home soil last year should also be investigated .
In 2016 , the ICC imposed a three-year ban on a Sri Lankan official , Jayananda Warnaweera , for failing to cooperate with an anti-corruption investigation .
The former Test player , who was facing a two-year domestic ban over allegations of involvement in match-fixing , failed to attend interviews with ICC investigators .
Sri Lankan players and umpires have been accused of match-fixing in the past , but Warnaweera is the highest ranking official to be sanctioned .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid are readying a player-plus-cash deal to take Mo Salah to the Bernabeu - and are willing to offload Lucas Vazquez in the other direction .
That is according to Don Balon , who say Los Blancos are serious about their interest in the Egyptian who has taken the Premier League by storm this season .
He tops the goal charts with 13 strikes and has a further six in all competitions , sitting on 19 goals from 24 appearances in a Reds shirt so far .
Zinedine Zidane reportedly wants attacking reinforcements with Real sitting eight points adrift of La Liga leaders Barcelona .
( Image : Liverpool FC )
Collymore : Klopp let mask slip to show cowardice
Do I believe Everton should have been awarded a penalty when striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin went down under a challenge from Liverpool 's Dejan Lovren on Sunday ?
No , I do n't .
Calvert-Lewin took a step to the right to bump off the Croatian and that legitimised the fall .
( Image : Tony McArdle/Everton FC via Getty Images ) )
So I can understand why Jurgen Klopp was frustrated .
But what he should have said in his post-match interview after the 1-1 draw was , ‘ That was n't a penalty , we tried to play the game in an open and honest way . '
Read more from Stan Collymore here .
Klopp calls on power of Anfield in Europe
For Jurgen Klopp , at least it was n't Real Madrid again in the Champions ' League .
Before the draw , the Liverpool manager had joked it would be the Spanish holders of the trophy in the first knock out phase , 'because usually I always get them ' .
After former Anfield old boy Xabi Alonso had pulled the Reds ' name out of the hat to pair them with Porto , the German was clearly a relieved man ... even if he refused to under-estimate the Portuguese side .
( Image : AFP )
“ Last Wednesday , when we knew we were still involved , that was our big dream : we did n't care who we would get . It was clear it would be a strong side , ” he explained .
“ Porto are a strong side , first in the Portuguese league and always good . This year again they 're a difficult side to play .
CLOSE Whitney Haslam Johnson explains Pilot Flying J 's SEC sponsorship Mike Strange / News Sentinel
News Sentinel Editor Jack McElroy . ( Photo : Paul Efird )
Jim Haslam turns 87 on Wednesday , and I found myself wondering how he 's doing these days .
We all know his story , the stuff of Knoxville legend .
In 1948 , he arrived in town on a train and trudged , age 17 , to his new home under the east grandstand of the University of Tennessee stadium . A few years later , his blocking helped Gen. Robert Neyland 's Vols win a national championship and his fraternity brother , Hank Lauricella , almost win a Heisman Trophy .
Jim Haslam captained the University of Tennessee football team in 1952 . ( Photo : University of Tennessee )
After a stint in Korea , Haslam passed on becoming a high school coach and went into business instead , opening his first Pilot gas station in 1958 , a four-pumper in Gate City , Virginia .
More : 10 notable startup businesses that have shaped Knoxville
The rest is Tennessee history . He and his family went on to build one the largest privately held companies in the country , and youngest son Bill became the first governor from Knoxville since the Civil War .
Legacy of giving
Haslam 's greatest legacy , though , may be his philanthropy .
He , his wife Natalie , and the rest of his family have given back to the community with abandon , from some $ 100 million through the years to UT to $ 1.3 million just a few months ago to high school bands . Schools , museums , theaters , churches , homeless shelters , the zoo , the United Way , the Foothills Land Conservancy , the Urban League and countless other civic bodies have benefited from Haslam largess .
Buy Photo James and Natalie Haslam speak after the trustees voted to rename UT 's College of Business Administration the James A. Haslam II College of Business following a $ 50 million gift from Pilot Flying J founder Jim Haslam and his family , Oct. 3 , 2014 . MICHAEL PATRICK/NEWS SENTINEL ( Photo : Michael Patrick , MICHAEL PATRICK/NEWS SENTINEL )
In recent weeks , though , the Haslam legacy has been buffeted by bad publicity .
Haslam 's eldest son , Jimmy , championed the hiring of John Currie as UT athletic director , so when that soured , the family 's name was taken in vain among Rocky Top fandom .
More troublesome , the trial of former Pilot Flying J employees has brought a series of witnesses describing an unscrupulous business culture that developed in the diesel sales division more than a decade after Jim Haslam gave up day-to-day management .
Also , two months ago , the Haslams announced Berkshire Hathaway was acquiring a share of Pilot Flying J that will grow until family ownership of Jim Haslam 's creation falls to 20 percent in 2023 .
Partnering with Warren Buffett
Warren Buffett likes to keep local management in place , and he is n't looking to merge Pilot into related operations . So the deal is certainly better for Knoxville than the recent announcements that Scripps Networks and Regal Entertainment have been sold to companies consolidating their industries .
But how 's Jim Haslam doing ?
Buy Photo Jim Haslam ( Photo : Knoxville News Sentinel )
The other night I was at dinner at Blackhorse Brewery , where a giant poster displays the team photo of the 1950 Vols . Lauricella sits front and center , appearing jaunty . In the middle stands Haslam with an engaging grin .
They look like nice young men . But these guys claimed the national championship that year and the next .
They were plenty tough .
So rest assured , as he nears his 70th year impacting Knoxville , Jim Haslam is doing fine .
Jack McElroy is a executive editor of the News Sentinel . He can be reached at editor @ knoxnews.com .
Buy Photo 1950 University of Tennessee Volunteers after Cotton Bowl win . ( Photo : Knoxville News Sentinel )
More : Jack McElroy : Remembering a special lawyer , Denise Faili , whose time was far too short
Read or Share this story : http : //knoxne.ws/2jlV9x5
RENO COUNTY – The suspect in a February 4 , stabbing in a vehicle in Hutchinson 's Carey Park was in court Tuesday to hear the formal reading of charges .
Elijah B. Norris , 28 , is now charged with aggravated battery- domestic violence , possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and possession of drug paraphernalia .
The victim who had been stabbed multiple times in the head and was bleeding profusely when police arrived was first taken to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center , then transported to Via-Christi St. Francis Regional Medical Center for treatment which included stitches for the five wounds she suffered . There were two children in the vehicle , ages one and three . They were safe and unharmed .
Police located Norris and EMS transported him to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center for a laceration to his hand believed to have occurred during the attack .
Officers also found a bloody kitchen knife as well as several small plastic baggies of suspected marijuana believed to be connected to the case . One had blood on it . The total weight being over 25 grams according to the complaint .
Norris has served time in prison for aggravated battery , possession of drugs and burglary and his case now moves to a future waiver-status docket . He remains jailed on a $ 50,000 Bond .
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall , fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches .
The whale 's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove , but has become an urgent issue for the village .
Hank Diamond , a member of the local service district committee , says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors , and is hoping for provincial assistance .
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality 's responsibility .
Nemours/A.I . duPont Hospital for Children doctors will travel to Jamaica in July to perform the country 's first-ever liver transplant . Wochit
Here are the latest rumours surrounding Yorkshire 's clubs on the second day of the January transfer window .
Rumours about Hull City plotting a move to sign former Barcelona striker Samuel Eto ' o are doing the rounds .
Wigan 's Sam Morsy wants to stay at Barnsley . ( Picture : James Williamson )
The Premier League strugglers are in need of goals and the Cameroon international , who used to play for Chelsea , is a proven goalscorer .
Eto ' o , 35 , plays for Turkish outfit Antalyaspor and has scored 25 goals in 43 appearances for the club .
Leeds United 's wantaway full-back Charlie Taylor could be staying at Elland Road this month .
Interest from West Bromwich Albion in the left-back who handed in a transfer request in the summer is said to be strong , but sources close to both the player and the club suggest Taylor is no closer to a move away from Leeds .
Meanwhile , Leeds have allowed striker Jack McKay , 20 , to join Airdrieonians on loan until the end of the season .
Middlesbrough is on the verge of signing Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede .
The 26-year-old is understood to be on Teesside finalising a £6m move to the Premier League club .
Boro are also reportedly interested in Everton 's Gerard Deulofeu and Stoke City 's Bojan Krkic .
Midfielder Sam Morsy wants to make his loan move at Barnsley a permanent deal .
The Egyptian international is contracted to Wigan Athletic but he has become a key part of Paul Heckingbottom 's Reds ' squad .
Morsy , who has made 14 appearances , said : “ I said when I signed that my intention was to make it into a permanent move .
“ The previous Wigan manager [ Gary Caldwell ] had told me I was free to go , so I 'm looking to make it a permanent deal here . I 'm enjoying my time at the club . The manager [ Paul Heckingbottom ] has been brilliant with me and I feel like I 'm improving .
“ It 's a good club with the fans , the players and the staff – we all seem to be as one and that 's a really powerful thing in football . ”
Sheffield United are reported to have made an enquiry for Oxford United attacker Rob Hall .
Former England Under-19s international joined the US from Bolton in the summer .
Hall has impressed at Oxford this season after joining the club on a free transfer from Bolton Wanderers last summer .
Wilder worked with Hall during a previous loan spell at Oxford .
CHITTAGONG , Bangladesh — Roshen Silva hit his maiden century as Sri Lanka reached 612-4 and a 99-run first-innings lead over Bangladesh at lunch on the fourth day of the opening test on Saturday .
After resuming on 504-3 , the visitors added 109 runs in the session to surpass 600 and eclipse England 's 599-6 ( declared ) against Bangladesh in 2010 for the highest innings total at the venue .
Silva , playing in just his second test , scored 109 to become the third batsman of the Sri Lankan innings after Kusal Mendis ( 196 ) and Dhananjaya de Silva ( 173 ) to make a century .
Silva 's hundred came off 197-balls , with six boundaries and a six .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
The name of the person who died Sunday in Sunriver has been released . According to the Sunriver Police the person was 41 year old Mark Arterbury , who lived about 5 miles south of Sunriver . Police say the wound to Arterbury 's neck was self inflicted and there were knives in the area where the body was discovered . Arterbury 's body was found Sunday near Woodlawn Lane .
UFOs What Is the Government Really Covering Up ?
Reviewed by Patty Comeau
February 14 , 2017
UFO prepares for the revelation of greater truths with a spirit of hopefulness .
A. R. Roberts 's UFOs is an optimistic and serious exploration into the existence of relationships between extraterrestrial civilizations and governments on Earth . Founded on interpretations of events from the ancient to the recent past , Roberts 's theories invite skeptics to carefully consider the possibility of alien involvement in recorded history , with an eye to what it could mean for the survival of the human race .
Well-reasoned and humble , Roberts is self-consciously “ speculating ” when it comes to some of the most extreme aspects of his theories . At the same time , he remains convinced that highly technologically advanced cultures have been visiting our planet for a long time , and that it is likely that they have been trying to prepare us for an impending catastrophe .
UFOs is well suited to audiences familiar with the Bible . Roberts devotes a good amount of textual space to analysis based on the Bible 's telling of history , however secular his conclusions . Using the Bible 's timeline and version of world events but with a different foundational metaphor ( holy/angelic visitations were alien encounters ) , Roberts reasons that there must be some future danger of apocalypse for which aliens are helping humans prepare . The noble goals assumed of the extraplanetary visitors are to accelerate technological advancement and space exploration , and to evolve human wisdom at a pace befitting the responsibility of such greater powers .
Pacing is smooth , and the book eases into these waters gradually ; this , in addition to repeated reminders to keep an open mind but form one 's own opinions , makes it easier to at least consider what some would find to be quite radical suggestions .
Although some of the concepts deviate widely from commonly held assumptions about civilizations of the past , Roberts draws logical and reasonable conclusions about the social ruptures that would likely occur should these speculations turn out to have merit . The book maintains a good focus on the government 's response to , and likely role in , recent unexplained events relating to UFOs .
The book 's rational approach extends from its tone through to its numerous citations and often-referenced bibliography . It emphasizes the importance of examining the best evidence available , and frequently reminds audiences that referenced texts are not asserting a truth , but merely offering a possible explanation for the as-of-yet unexplained .
People curious about UFOs and other extraordinary phenomena , particularly those who share the faith that temporary suffering will pave the way for a bright future , will find much to consider in UFOs , a book that prepares for the revelation of greater truths with a spirit of hopefulness .
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday , he remarked on how his U.S. visit was going .
`` Good , '' he said . `` Not as good as the guy who spent $ 250 million on the trip . ''
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States . The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California , and although a final price tag is not known , the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in his kingdom .
Iranian diplomats , by contrast , are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran , by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions . If the U.S. decides to pull out , Zarif says , Iran most likely will , too .
Officially , Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations , but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern .
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening , it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers .
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest . Before Iran 's 1979 revolution , both were considered vital allies of the United States . Afterward , Iran turned against the United States . The Saudi-U.S. relationship , while deeply complex , remained close .
`` I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years , '' Zarif said in our conversation . `` They have tried to exclude us from this region . ''
If that was the Saudi goal , it has failed . Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon , Syria and Iraq , and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen .
Zarif denied his country is equally obsessed with the Saudis , but his comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise . People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other .
`` We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [ which ] needs to be more responsible in its approach . But it is an important player in the region that can not be excluded , '' he said . `` I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition , we would be much better off . ''
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts , most directly in Saudi Arabia 's southern neighbor , Yemen . After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen 's capital in 2014 , a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened . Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths ; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease .
`` Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed , '' Iran 's Zarif said .
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis . Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran .
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet he adds that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands .
He also speaks up for their right to a share of power in Yemen .
`` I 've talked to them and they 're ready for peace negotiations , '' he said . `` But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen . That includes everybody , including the Houthis . And we are prepared to use whatever influence . We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen , but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence . ''
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately , the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal . The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program , which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development , in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief .
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all . A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran 's sanctions relief , or else allow the accord to begin falling apart .
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation . `` Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora 's box , and we 'll never be able to close it , '' he said . Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles . Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards .
Meanwhile , Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States .
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis . The Saudis , not surprisingly , have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon , the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month , then his country would too .
© Camille Fine
In 2011 , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) found some collection of internet data by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to be illegal and unconstitutional , capturing tens of thousands of U.S. communications without a warrant . That would seem to be an abuse .
To better protect the rights of U.S. citizens , the government adopted restrictions that `` categorically prohibited NSA analysts '' from using personal identifiers of Americans , such as our phone numbers , to search through internet information the NSA collects under Section 702 . However , the government admitted violating those restrictions to a secret hearing in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) on Oct. 26 , 2016 . According to the judge , NSA analysts had been conducting such searches in violation of the prohibition `` with much greater frequency than had previously been disclosed to the court . '' The judge accused the NSA of an institutional `` lack of candor '' and stated : `` This is a very serious Fourth Amendment issue . '' That sounds like an abuse .
Meantime , the NSA secretly expanded its authority to collect emails and other communications of U.S. citizens who had done nothing more than refer to a target in a single instance . For example , if you wrote an email that mentioned a target phrase - it could be `` Osama bin Laden '' - the NSA could use that as an excuse to spy on you . In 2015 , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court criticized the practice saying the results likely netted information on U.S. citizens with `` no foreign intelligence value . '' That seems like an abuse .
In January 2016 , the NSA inspector general issued a top secret report criticizing the NSA for : not having proper processes in place to monitor how well it met key provisions designed to protect Americans ; instances of non-compliance ; and lack of documentation proving NSA analysts were meeting requirements prohibiting targeting of U.S. persons who were in the United States . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court stated that it appeared `` the problem was widespread during all periods under review . '' That sounds like an abuse .
I caught my breath when I heard FBI Director Christopher Wray testify to Congress that there 's beenthe law under which our intelligence communities electronically spy on possible terrorists and sometimes capture private communications of innocent U.S. citizens . Section 702 and related components expire Dec. 31 , and Congress must decide whether to renew them.To see if I 'd heard Wray correctly , I searched for a transcript of his testimony . I found that he 'd delivered the same line during an Oct. 13 Heritage Foundation speech . Wray claimed , `` There 's been no evidence of any kind of abuse of power under Section 702 despite the oversight ... with the three branches of government and quite a few years of experience now . `` As a backdrop , recall that spying on U.S. citizens by our Intel agencies is considered so contrary to our basic constitutional protections , that it 's generally prohibited , and is only permitted under strict limits set forth under the law.in which the NSA surveilled the likes of former members of Congress Dennis Kucinich ( D-Ohio ) and Jane Harman ( D-Calif. ) , or the communications between congressional staffs and Israeli officials in 2015 , or Trump adviser Carter Page during the 2016 campaign.Are the members of Congress tasked with oversight - the ones who will vote to reauthorize , amend or abolish the surveillance authorities - unaware of the well-documented violations ? I 'm not advocating either way . But to claim there 's no evidence of abuse is to ignore the record . It seems like important decisions should be made based on the full facts.is an Emmy-award winning investigative journalist , author of The New York Times bestsellers The Smear and Stonewalled , and host of Sinclair 's Sunday TV program Full Measure .
Immigrant Rights Advocates Say The 'Muslim Ban ' Is Already Happening As the Supreme Court weighs the legality of the President 's travel ban , immigrant rights advocates say the administration has already achieved the 'Muslim ban ' Trump talked about during the campaign . Muslim immigration to the U.S. is down sharply in the past year .
`` I 'm glad this is ending . '' Those maybe are n't the words you 'd expect the star of one of television 's most acclaimed dramas to say in regards to that show 's dreaded swan song . But in a conference call ahead of series finale of The Americans , Keri Russell ca n't help but express a bit of relief . As for how The Americans ends , she and co-star Matthew Rhys seem pretty content with where they 're leaving these characters . MAJOR spoilers for The Americans series finale ahead .
`` As sad as I am to go , it just feels like the right time , '' Russell tells reporters . `` I would hate to be involved with something that I thought was creatively so interesting and then watch it sort of peter out . As much as this sixth and final season coming to a head was hard , in some ways it felt right . So that was sort of comforting . ''
The show 's hard-working stars have also earned a bit of a break after all those wig changes and chase scenes . `` To be totally honest , especially at the beginning of the season I was working so many nights that I was so tired most of the time that I think I was probably like , you know , ' I 'm glad this is ending because I ca n't do this anymore . ' '' Russell confesses .
TV Promos on YouTube
After months of speculation from fans about how The Americans would end — Would Philip and Elizabeth get killed ? Get arrested ? Get away with it ? — the series finale , `` START , '' wraps up in perhaps the most devastating way possible : the married spies are forced to return to Russia after their next-door neighbor Stan uncovers the truth… but without either of their children , both of whom remain behind in the States to face the mess their parents had left behind .
In regards to whether the Jennings ' truly `` deserved '' this brutal ending , Rhys thinks it `` was very fair , '' considering all they 'd done over the course of the series .
`` There was such an expensive cost they had to pay for the price of their newfound freedom , '' he says . `` You know , on one hand they spent their life living a lie . I 'm sure the relief from not doing that would be enormous , but the cost of not being with your children — and the betrayal and abandonment of your children — is kind of unfathomable . ''
Russell agrees : `` One could have died or one could have gone to prison or something , but to take your kids away is pretty hardcore , '' she says . `` I do n't know about deserved . I do n't know what anyone deserves , you know . But I think it fits with the show and it was good storytelling . ''
Patrick Harbron/FX
Given that , at its core , The Americans has always been a show about marriage , Rhys thinks it 's appropriate that the finale ends with Philip and Elizabeth both alive and together , with only each other to lean on . `` You do n't really know how it will work out . Ultimately , the only allies that they have are each other , '' he says . But at least `` they have someone else who understands this incredible journey they 've been on . ''
His co-star echoes this sentiment , saying that while , `` It 's pretty devastating what the loss of children will do to a marriage , '' Russell is hopeful that things will work for the Jenningses . `` When we were talking about this scene , about those end moments , I think what [ showrunners Joe Weisberg and Joel Fields ] wanted to convey — which was hard at times — was , no matter what , we 're going to have each other . We 've come this far together and we 're going to get each other through this . And ultimately it was this story of this marriage , of this relationship . So I think the hope is that they will pull each other through this moment . ''
Russell sees a silver lining in the bleak conclusion in one other way . `` We obviously know in today 's age that the Berlin Wall does fall and Communism does n't win , '' she says . `` The hope is that , in a couple of years , they 'll go back and try to find the kids . But that 's the only saving grace I have as a parent , you know , as a fan of the show , is to go , 'Oh , but it 's all going to change in a couple of years and they can go back and find them . ' ''
Eric Liebowitz/FX
There are plenty of devastating scenes in the finale leading up to their ultimate fate — Philip 's face-off with Stan , Paige 's decision to get off the train — but Rhys singles out the phone call with Henry as his favorite moment of the final episode . Incidentally , the Jennings ' farewell to their son was also their farewell to the series itself . `` Ironically , it was the last scene in the season we ever shot , and it was in a snowstorm at 4:30 a.m . So , a lot of things going on during that one , '' he says .
While that was the last big sequence they worked on , Russell reveals that it was n't actually the last shot recorded . After filming the Henry scene , she and Rhys had to go back and shoot a `` pick-up '' ( a minor shot taken later to aid in continuity during the editing process ) for an earlier episode , `` Harvest , '' the season 's seventh installment . `` The truth is , there was one tiny little pick-up scene we had to do on another day , which was literally a quick shot of me noticing Philip taking the ax out of the case and going , 'Oh sh * t , he 's going to chop her head off . ' And that was really the last scene of the whole series . And we all clapped , and… that was the end of The Americans . That 's a high and a low right there . ''
While part of Russell may be a bit relieved that the grueling series is over , there is one thing she 's dreading letting go of : working with her fellow Emmy-nominated co-star . `` It 's sort of like playing tennis with someone ; you 're only as good as your partner , '' she says of Rhys , who 's also her partner in real life . `` So I will definitely miss that . And , you know , just the intimacy you have with someone that you 're so familiar with . We had a lot of fun together . I think it 's time for it to end before we kill each other , but we had a good run for sure . ''
76ERS 108 , HORNETS 104
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead Philadelphia over Charlotte .
Simmons had 11 points , 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs .
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season . The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No . 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round .
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third ( 1 of 5 on 3s ) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead .
PACERS 110 , LAKERS 100
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points , Myles Turner had 21 points and Indiana recovered from a poor start for a victory over Los Angeles .
The victory snapped Indiana 's two-game losing streak .
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23 , but the Lakers still lost their third straight .
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead .
KNICKS 110 , BULLS 92
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat Chicago .
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds , while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks .
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls , who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range . Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece .
NETS 118 , GRIZZLIES 115
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and Brooklyn beat Memphis .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds , and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets , who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21 .
Andrew Harrison , who missed Memphis ' last nine games due to a right wrist injury , scored 19 points , and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15 . The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21 .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By The Associated Press
Aside from turning in a disappointing 48-17 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in Sunday 's preseason opener , the Los Angeles Chargers received a relatively low return from the ticket office .
A total of 21,054 fans were in attendance for the Bolts home debut in L.A. , 5,000 less than the Los Angeles Galaxy had at its home game on Saturday night , according to the Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Baxter .
21,054 : Chargers game attendance tonight . 25,667 : LA Galaxy game attendance last night ( via @ kbaxter11 ) — Darren Rovell ( @ darrenrovell ) August 14 , 2017
Related 3 takeaways from Chargers loss to Seahawks
The relatively low turnout was not the reception owner Dean Spanos was looking for in the team 's first game at the 27,000 capacity StubHub Center .
Even for NFL Media 's Steve Wyche , Sunday 's attendance count came as a shocker .
“ I can not begin to tell you how stunned all of us were in the press box when 21,000 people were at that game , ” Wyche said , per the Mighty 1090 's Marty Caswell .
The Chargers will get another opportunity to woo fans over to Carson when they host the New Orleans Saints on Sunday .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Is tonight going to be your lucky night ?
With no winners of the EuroMillions AGAIN on Tuesday , tonight 's jackpot is another rollover , with an even bigger prize at stake .
Anyone who matches all five main draw numbers and both Lucky Stars tonight stands to win £94 million , which would make a very good start to this chilly February .
As well as the main draw there will also be two guaranteed Millionaire Maker winners , each scooping £1 million .
( Image : SIphotography )
But remember , you 've got to be in it to win it . If you would like to enter Friday 's draw head over to the National Lottery site , pick 5 numbers from 1 to 50 and 2 Lucky Stars from 1 to 12 . Then you 're good to go .
Sales close at 7.30pm and we will have the results here for you just after the numbers are drawn .
The winning numbers are : 14 - 34 - 36 - 39 - 48
The lucky stars numbers are : 02 - 03
Millionaire Maker codes are JDQQ05088 and VDQW29418
Tuesday 's winning Euromillions numbers were 11 , 15 , 21 , 27 and 35 , Lucky Stars 4 and 5 .
For every Lotto ticket sold , a hefty slice of the money received goes to a huge variety of projects , both big and small .
Less than 1 per cent of the Lotto 's total revenue is kept as profit after tax and four per cent goes on operating costs .
Total ticket sales in the year ending March 31 , 2015 were worth £7,277.8 million .
The UK National Lottery was first drawn on November 19 , 1994 . Half all money spent by players goes to the prize fund , with 28 per cent to good causes , 12 per cent to the Government as duty , five per cent to retailers and five per cent to Camelot , which has operated the lottery throughout its history .
Facing An Uphill Battle , Activists Race To Oppose Trump 's Supreme Court Pick
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
One day after Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced his retirement , a group calling itself Demand Justice staged a rally outside the court 's front steps .
Activists who said they support civil rights and abortion rights mixed with Democratic senators . They were angry that , after declining to convene a vote on President Barack Obama 's nominee for the court , the Republican Senate majority leader now is set to confirm the second justice nominated by President Trump .
`` Mitch McConnell , shame on you , the people deserve a say too , '' the protesters chanted .
Sara Chieffo brought along her tiny daughter , Lucy . Chieffo said she was demonstrating because of the implications for American law during her child 's lifetime .
`` We need a Supreme Court justice that 's going to uphold the values of our democracy , enforce our nation 's laws that protect her health , the clean air and the clean water she needs to thrive . There 's so much at stake here , '' Chieffo said . `` It 's why we 're here this morning . Being a D.C. kid , there 's a lot to protest these days . ''
In fact , it was baby Lucy 's second protest , Chieffo said ; she brought her last year to oppose Trump 's first Supreme Court pick , Neil Gorsuch . But Gorsuch was confirmed without much trouble in 2017 , after the Senate voted to change its rules and clear the way for Supreme Court justices to win approval based on a simple 51-vote majority .
That shift will make it more difficult than it might once have been for Democrats to try to derail Trump 's next nominee .
Brian Fallon used to work for the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate , Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York . Now Fallon runs Demand Justice , a 12-person start-up operation housed in a shared work space a block away from the White House .
`` We do not have a majority of Democrats in the Senate , that is true , '' Fallon said . `` But we do have a majority in the Senate on the two key issues that we think will define the fight : We do have a majority in the Senate that think Roe v Wade should not be overturned . And we do have a majority of votes in the Senate that think the Affordable Care Act should not be gutted . ''
The challenge for opponents , Fallon said , is motivating grassroots communities interested in those issues to engage over the Supreme Court vacancy — and to do it in a hurry .
To start , they 're running TV ads in states including Maine , Alaska , West Virginia , Indiana and North Dakota , to reach the constituents of key senators .
Long odds
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Gibson/Getty Images Zach Gibson/Getty Images
Demand Justice is just five months old , and it faces some long odds .
Conservative groups that support the president 's judges are expected to out-spend opponents by millions of dollars . Carrie Severino is a former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and policy director of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network .
`` Judges are forever , '' Severino said . `` They 're not really forever , they 're for life . But that is almost the same thing here . This is a generational impact and will affect how everything the president even does on the executive order front , regulations , legislation , is interpreted and applied going forward . ''
Severino pointed out that conservative voters unite around the issue of judges , but it 's harder for Democrats .
Consider this : A few weeks ago , before the newest Supreme Court vacancy , Demand Justice conducted a focus group in Columbus , Ohio . Ten Democratic-leaning women sat around a table , eating snacks and chatting about their community .
Several of the women worried about Trump 's tweets and about new restrictions on clinics that perform abortions . Then , the moderator interjected : `` So , let 's talk a little bit about Anthony Kennedy . Is everyone familiar with who he is ? ''
One participant said she did n't know , so the moderator asked for a show of hands . Few of them went up in the air .
Fallon , who runs Demand Justice , said women in that focus group got more motivated once they understood that Kennedy was considered the high court 's swing vote on abortion rights .
Chris Kang , the chief counsel for Demand Justice , helped President Obama usher his Supreme Court picks through the Senate . He said Democrats tend to operate in issue silos , with people organizing around reproductive rights or issues related to lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender peoples ' rights .
`` What we are here to do is try to break it down for everybody so that they understand , no matter what the issue that you care about , at the end of the day , it always comes down to the courts , '' Kang said .
Law Examining What Justice Anthony Kennedy 's Retirement Means Examining What Justice Anthony Kennedy 's Retirement Means Listen · 10:20 10:20
Now the group wants to find a way to communicate that message more broadly — and to do it by August , when the hearings for Kennedy 's replacement are likely to begin .
Trump is expected to announce his nominee for the high court on Monday .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke 's Bristol Rovers went down to a 2-1 home defeat against Shrewsbury Town to end a run of seven matches unbeaten on Saturday afternoon .
The Gas had looked set for a point when Joe Partington fired home only three minutes after Omar Beckles had nodded the Shrews into a 62nd minute lead .
But Alex Rodman 's shot was turned in by Aristote Nsiala to bring about Rovers first defeat of 2018 .
Former Millwall defender Tony Craig went straight into the starting eleven to line-up alongisde Tom Broadbent with Tom Lockyer out . Winger Kyle Bennett was on the bench after he joined the club from Portsmouth .
Tony Craig
He looked pretty good considering he has n't been playing a huge amount at Millwall .
Craig looked short of match practice but his positioning was spot on . He won plenty of headers and had a no-nonsense style of defending , looking pretty solid .
The vocal level of his performance was notable with the 32-year-old organising the defender throughout the afternoon .
Kyle Bennett
He did n't get into the game too much and he struggled a little bit .
I do n't think the pitch at the Memorial Stadium suits his style of play but hopefully he will adapt to his new surroundings over time .
Watch Jack Vittles offer his full verdict on the two new signings in the video above
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
State Rep. Kevin Haggerty 's days of skipping votes in Harrisburg without consequences could soon end .
Using a rare tactic , Rep. Mike Carroll , D-118 , Avoca , objected Monday to listing Haggerty 's chronic absence as excused .
If Haggerty does n't appear for votes and Carroll or another legislator objects to his absence on four more consecutive legislative voting days , the House could find Haggerty in contempt , according to House rules .
Though the rules do n't prescribe a specific penalty for a contempt finding for chronic absenteeism , one part of House rules says a member who is present and refusing to vote could lose member “ privileges ” until he or she starts to vote , according to House rules , which do not define “ privileges. ” In an email , House Democratic spokesman Bill Patton said he could not speculate on how the House might penalize someone found in contempt .
“ It ( declaring a member in contempt ) has never been done in the House as far as we know . We are trying to determine the steps , ” House Republican spokesman Steve Miskin said in an email .
Attempts to reach Haggerty , a Dunmore resident who represents to the 112th House district , were unsuccessful .
“ Since July 22 , the people of the 112th district have not had a voice or a vote in Harrisburg , ” Carroll said in a statement . “ While I understand family responsibilities are of utmost concern , an absence from representing over 60,000 people for nearly five months has serious consequences for our region and state . I 'm hopeful today 's action will result in careful examination of next steps for Rep. Haggerty . ”
The base legislative salary is $ 87,180.27 a year through next Nov. 30 .
Haggerty last voted on July 22 . The House did not meet in August . It reconvened Sept. 11 , and Haggerty missed every session day since , more than 200 votes in all . At Haggerty 's request , the House granted him excused leave each day he missed — an automatic approval that does not require a lawmaker to explain the absence . No one objected until Carroll did .
House Speaker Mike Turzai , an Allegheny County Republican , agreed the leave would no longer be excused , Patton said .
Haggerty has defended his absence by saying he needs to stay near his two young children because they are struggling with his and his wife 's divorce .
The earliest the House could seek a contempt citation is January . Haggerty would have to miss a total of five consecutive legislative session days before anything could happen , according to the House absenteeism rule . The House is scheduled to meet Tuesday and possibly Wednesday , and then not again until next month .
If Haggerty misses five consecutive legislative days and Carroll or someone else successfully objects each time , it would take at least five House members to move to have the Household Haggerty in contempt . The full House would have to vote on a contempt citation .
“ I 'm hoping it does n't come to that , ” Carroll said in a telephone interview from Harrisburg . “ I 'm hoping this exercise will result in him finding a way to get down here . ”
Carroll , who also represents part of Lackawanna County , said Haggerty 's absence matters less on final passages of bills , noting Republicans ' 31-vote majority , but could make a difference as the House votes on bill amendments . The success or failure of amendments sometimes comes down to one or two votes , he said .
Many people encounter family problems , but five months is more than enough time to square them away and carry out legislative duties , Carroll said .
Carroll said he did not consult with House leaders about his objection , but did let them know he planned to do it .
“ I did n't seek permission to do this , ” he said .
Contact the writer : bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9147 ; @ BorysBlogTT on Twitter .
NEXT month sees the introduction in the UK of the much-heralded General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) , a new set of laws governing the use and storage of digital information , and designed to protect our sensitive personal data in an increasingly connected world .
In some quarters the legislation has been hailed as something akin to digital Armageddon – a set of proposals so draconian that they will very soon serve to smother businesses in a sea of regulations , red tape and a million Euro fines .
For others , GDPR fever has been compared to the misguided national angst generated by fears that the Millennium Bug would wipe out computer systems on the stroke of midnight back on New Year 's Eve in 1999 . The truth , as is so often the case when it comes to trying to govern something as complex as data , lies somewhere in the middle .
Make no mistake , GDPR is here to stay – even post-Brexit – and its impact is likely to be felt in some shape or form by businesses of all sizes in all sectors .
Much of the hype in the run up to implementation has been around the size of the fines that the EU will have the power to impose on anyone found to be in serious breach of the rules .
This is hardly surprising , as figures of up to 20 million Euros or four per cent of global turnover certainly have the power to make any CEO sit up and take notice .
However , the reality of the situation is that it is highly unlikely that every business will be 100 per cent compliant with every aspect of data protection law from May 25 , the date of implementation .
Rather than setting out to be purely punitive , GDPR is really all about making sure that there is a long-term and committed attitude change to use of personal information .
The law is changing to adapt to the much greater use we all make of the fast-growing global data pool .
I believe there 's actually a strong case to be made that the new legislation is potentially good for business , especially in the light of our leaving the EU next year .
Regardless of whether it is a hard or soft Brexit , UK plc will need to be able to demonstrate to its customers and trading partners around the world that it has strong protections in place for the valuable commodity that is personal data , and in many ways GDPR is likely to act as something of a ‘ kite mark ' to show that British firms are safe and reliable entities to work with .
Data protection compliance should n't be thought of as a race , however scary the impending deadline seems .
It is meant to be an ongoing commitment and an integral and adaptable part of any business .
So , for any firms out there who have yet to take the time to consider the implications of GDPR , this is absolutely not a repeat of 1999 and we wo n't all wake up on May 25 wondering what the fuss was all about .
But by the same token , while the Information Commissioner 's Office has suggested that it wo n't impose fines in order to financially cripple , it has made it clear that demonstrating a real effort to minimise risk and mitigate loss will be taken into account if there has been an issue of non-compliance .
The advice is to think of data protection as cultural evolution backed by up by consistent processes rather than legislative diktat backed up by the threat of financial penalties .
Sarah Power is an Associate in the hlw Keeble Hawson Litigation and Dispute Resolution team .
India 's Shubhankhar Sharma overcame a lengthy weather delay and a Monday finish to win the Joburg Open by three strokes at Randpark Golf Club .
Sharma closed with a round of 69 to claim the biggest victory of his career on 23 under par . South Africa 's Erik van Rooyen finished second on 20 under with a final round of 66 .
After a heavy thunderstorm forced the suspension of Sunday 's final round , play resumed on the Firethorn course on Monday morning .
Sharma led Van Rooyen by four strokes with 11 holes to play on the Firethorn course . The 21-year-old rising star of Indian golf started the final round with a five-stroke lead and birdied the second hole to climb six strokes clear of the field . Van Rooyen made four birdies in five holes from the third to make a contest of it .
Sharma returned on Monday morning and birdied the ninth , which was the last birdie he would and also needed to make .
Van Rooyen did his best to chase down the leader , adding birdies at nine and 12 . But he will be left to rue his third round of 70 , which left him with too much ground to make up in the final round .
“ It feels fantastic , ” Sharma said of his victory . “ I 'm glad I made the decision to come here after thinking about not coming . It has been absolutely fantastic and the people are very welcoming . I do n't think I will ever forget this week . This is my first win on the Asian Tour and the European Tour so it means a lot to me . ”
Kangana Ranaut , who made her Bollywood debut in 2006 with romantic crime drama film Gangster , has revealed if she had n't gotten the movie offer she would have started her career with a rather shady film .
Speaking about the turning points in her career , Kangana said , “ I think the first ever would be the break that I got from my film Gangster because I remember getting a very shady offer , I think it was not a right movie . But I was like , ‘ Okay , fine , I 'll do it ' . ”
“ And then I did a photo shoot and then they gave me a robe and there was nothing inside the robe . And it looked like some blue film or something and I was like , ‘ This does n't look right ' . Because it 's obviously not the right film , ” she added .
However , the actor did n't take up the film . “ No , but then I got Gangster and I 'm like ‘ I 'll do that film . ' And then my producer got furious and I was in trouble for some time because I abandoned that project . And I was very young , I was 17 or 18 . And if I had not gotten Gangster , I am sure I would have done that film . But I think the thing about me was that I always said yes to every offer . ”
Market Research Future published a research report on Global Q Fever Market and predicts that Global Q Fever Market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR of 6.3 % during the forecasted period and report include market Analysis , Scope , Stake , Progress , Trends and forecast till 2023 . Q Fever Market Report provide unique information by worldwide ultimate top 10+ players . The Global Research gives Major Regional information by Size , Shares and Demand in Healthcare Sector .
The infection caused by the bacterium Coxiella burnetii is termed as Q fever . Usually , Q fever is a mild disease with flu-like symptoms . Many patients have no symptoms at all while in some cases ; the infection can reoccur/resurface years later . The chronic Q fever is a more deadly form of Q fever which may damage heart , liver , brain , lungs and can cause diabetes in some cases .
The Global Q Fever Market is expecting a steady growth during the forecasted period . The Global Q Fever Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.3 % during the forecasted period . Growing geriatric population , increasing prevalence of infectious diseases , and technological advancement in surgery have driven the market growth . Moreover , increasing healthcare expenditure , and rising demand for the better treatment have fueled the growth of the market .
Get PDF Sample Copy of Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5490 .
Key Players for Global Q Fever Market
Some of the key players in Q Fever Market are Yashica Pharmaceuticals Private Limited ( India ) Merck & Co. ( U.S. ) , Atox Bio ( Israel ) , Teva Pharmaceutical Industries ( Israel ) , Basilea Pharmaceutica Ltd. ( Switzerland ) , and MELINTA THERAPEUTICS , INC. ( U.S. ) , Pfizer ( U.S. ) , Cipla Inc. ( India ) , and others .
Regional Analysis for Global Q Fever Market
The Americas dominate the Global Q Fever Market owing to the presence of a population with bacterial infection and increasing number of surgical procedures in the hospitals . The Americas is further segmented into North America and South America .
Europe accounts for the second largest market due to increasing funds , government support , and increasing healthcare expenditure . Germany , France , and the U.K hold a significant share in the market owing to increasing demand for technologically advanced devices for the surgical procedures .
Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market for the Q fever , whose growth is attributed to rising geriatric population , increasing prevalence of bacterial infections , and rapidly developing economies . Additionally , increasing healthcare expenditure and demand for new treatment options for rare diseases fuel the market growth .
On the other hand , the Middle East & Africa is expected witness limited growth due to limited access to the healthcare resources and lack of awareness about rare diseases .
Segments for Global Q Fever Market
The Global Q Fever Market is segmented on the basis of type , diagnosis , treatment , and end users .
On the basis of the type , the market is categorized into acute Q fever and chronic Q fever .
On the basis of the diagnosis , the market is segmented into imaging tests , blood test and others . The imaging test is further sub-segmented into echocardiography , X-ray , and others .
Based on the treatment , the market is segmented into antibiotic and surgery
On the basis of the end users , the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics , diagnostic centers , surgical centers , and others .
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5490 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5 . Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Access Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/q-fever-market-5490 .
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Statistical Report , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Hadapsar , Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Executive Director Bob Sherman said they started the effort to collect grants last August , and
in that time $ 695,000 has been donated or pledged .
The Otto Bremer Trust awarded the bulk of the newfound funds with a $ 200,000 grant and another $ 200,000 match for funds raised in 2017 . The Youth Service Bureau is a quarter of the way toward the matching grant with a $ 50,000 3M donation .
The grants will fund new hires at the Cottage Grove , Woodbury and Stillwater Youth Service Bureau branches .
Sherman said they plan to hire three new chemical health specialists and three therapists , as well as adding to youth and family education coordination , parent education programs , IT and maintenance on the Cottage Grove building .
The Youth Service Bureau has a full-time staffer in Stillwater schools and a therapist at a Stillwater alternative learning center , along with a crisis response team . Sherman said they want to replicate that system in Cottage Grove and Woodbury .
They have posted a listing for a therapist in Cottage Grove and hope to post a second therapist position for Woodbury this summer .
Sherman said they are expanding in part because younger kids need services as well as having to serve a greater range of issues including bullying , social media problems , anxiety and depression .
`` We 're seeing the age of the kids that come in to the therapists decrease considerably ; we 're seeing kids come in as young as 4 years old , kids 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 years of age , '' he said . `` We see their families need more ( help ) as well . ''
The expansion will also focus on growing the chemical health program , concentrating on substance abuse prevention in schools with kids who have been identified as at risk by teachers or family .
`` Ounce of prevention , pound of cure , '' Sherman said . `` We 'd rather work with these kids before they 're addicted . ''
The new hires will also help the Youth Service Bureau prepare for growth in the city and demographic change along with it . Sherman said they are searching for therapists with experience working with minority groups .
During the expansion , they will also work with the Amherst H. Wilder Foundation on a study looking at `` overall and organizational outcomes '' and change the way they look at results , Sherman said .
`` We want to completely revamp the way we measure the outcomes , '' he said .
The Youth Service Bureau will continue to raise funds for its program expansion goals through grants , gifts and more .
In May , they will hold the annual gala in Lake Elmo , where funds received will be added to expansion totals .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are plotting another raid of Arsenal , according to reports .
Jose Mourinho has reportedly added Aaron Ramsey to his summer wishlist , as he looks to bolster his midfield options .
The Daily Star report that a move would be part of big changes that Mourinho wants to make in the summer .
He allegedly sees the box-to-box style of Ramsey as something that could add a new dimension to his United team heading into next season .
Ramsey 's current Arsenal contract expires at the end of next season .
( Image : REUTERS )
Transfer news and gossip from Tuesday 's Daily Mirror
EXCLUSIVE Luke Shaw feels Jose Mourinho is freezing him out and is thinking about complaining to Manchester United chief Ed Woodward about the situation .
Manchester United have entered the race to sign Hector Bellerin , though Juventus remain favourites to land the Arsenal star this summer .
Tottenham are sitting on a potential profit of £316million for Harry Kane and Dele Alli , according to a new study .
Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi has opened up on his retirement plans and admits he `` does n't know what I 'm going to do or where to live '' when he finally hangs his boots up .
Jurgen Klopp has played down Virgil van Dijk 's role in improving Liverpool 's defence , heaping praise on his entire back-four .
Cristiano Ronaldo is understood to have made a bet with Real Madrid team-mates in November — when he had only one goal and Lionel Messi 12 — that he 'd still end the season as La Liga 's top scorer .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Transfer news from other newspapers
Real Madrid and Barcelona are set for a £200million transfer battle for Liverpool 's Mo Salah in the summer . ( Sun )
Manchester United will pay £40million for Fulham sensation Ryan Sessegnon . ( Sun )
Lucknow Reunion 2018 received scorching hot weather for the weekend and the community again pulled through another significant event in unity and style .
The Lucknow Reunion 2018 held June 29 ñ July 2 , 2018 was four days of fun in the sun with so many memorable events .
Friday June 29 , 2018 was the beginning of the stretch and included a variety of events surrounding the Lucknow Pool which came in handy since summer seemed to arrive just in time for the reunion .
Some played golf on Friday , there was a Road Hockey Tournament , the Lucknow Legion was in full swing , a Lucknow Central Public School Reunion took place , the 1st Scouts put out a Pulled Pork Supper and the Opening Ceremonies led to the Friday night entertainment which included a Teen Public Swim , Fireworks and the Ages Dance with DJ Lasse Jakobsen .
Once Saturday hit so did the real heat of the weekend with temperatures climbing well into the thirties on the Celsius scale . The day was started with a Fireman 's Breakfast on Saturday June 30 , 2018 which brought out the hungry crowds looking for the perfect way to start the day by filling up on all the breakfast classics at the Lucknow Fire Hall . There was a deep breath before the Mammoth Parade as so a list of floats too long to read where registered to make their way down Campbell Street Lucknow .
`` The Mammoth Parade is very special this time around for so many reasons , Catherine Andrew and Warren Wylds are the oldest residents in town and they 're in the parade , '' said Lucknow Reunion 2018 Committee member Sara Bender .
The oldest residences added to some of the celebrity status that was present at the Mammoth Parade as the man who scored Canada 's most famous goal in hockey made his way through downtown Lucknow .
`` It 's such a privilege to have Paul and Eleanor Henderson here , and they will also be coming to our Lucknow Fall Fair this year , '' added Bender .
Another highlighted portion of the Mammoth Parade was recognizes some of the businesses that have been staples in the community .
`` McDonagh Insurance float represents the oldest operating family business in Lucknow , they 've been operating since 1931 , and now in it 's fourth generation , '' Bender commented .
`` This has been amazing , a great turn out , it 's a little hotter than we wanted , but we 're making it work , and there is something for everyone at this reunion , '' Bender added .
Following the parade it was n't hard to find out where all the action was as many of the Saturday events were just across the street at the Reunion Gardens just behind the Lucknow Arena . A Children 's Village Pavilion , Dancing Tractor Show , Chainsaw Carving , Antique Tractor Show Volleyball and live entertainment were just some of the events Saturday afternoon . After a full day of the Reunion Gardens there was a break before Saturday night as reunion goers freshened up for the Saturday night events which started with a Lip Sync Competition , BBQ Chicken Dinner at the Community Centre , Serena Rutledge set the tone on stage for the headlining entertainment Saturday night that included Crippled Duck at the Community Centre and HWY 21 at the main stage .
The hot temperatures continued on Sunday July 1 , 2018 and the Lucknow Reunion events continued with a Canada Day Theme in mind . Breakfast once again Sunday morning put on by the Ripley Curling Club at the Community Centre , Sunday Church Services through local Churches on Sunday morning and the rest of the day led up to more special events .
Mushball , Touch the Truck and the famous reunion Bed Races took place on Havelock St. Homegrown Harmonies took the stage on Sunday afternoon inside the Lucknow Recreation Department and was an outstanding performance from such a large number of people in the choir . Lucknow Legion had a Fish Fry on Sunday and it was Moe N ' The Lawn that took the main stage as the live entertainment for Sunday evening . The rain finally came on Monday and cooled things down as the Lucknow Reunion 2018 went into their wrap up day . Some of the same great events spilled into Monday July 2 , 2018 with more swims at the Lucknow Pool , Homegrown Harmonies with another show , live entertainment at Reunion Gardens and the closing ceremonies ended the reunion at 8pm Monday night for some .
What a year to remember for the Lucknow community and for all those involved who made the Lucknow Reunion 2018 and the 160th celebration such a smoking hot success .
To follow more on the Lucknow Reunion 2018 find information and pictures on the Lucknow Reunion 2018 Facebook Page .
Enjoy a year-end montage of the best stunt clips .
The YouTube channel “ People Are Awesome ” posted a three-minute montage of their best clips of the year . It 's loaded with amazing stunts , acrobatics , sports , parkour , and even some great kid clips .
OTTAWA — The Liberal government has unveiled Canada 's 12-month UN peacekeeping commitment to the west African country of Mali . It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support , along with four smaller , armed Griffons to act as escorts for the larger transports . Here are five things to know about Mali and the mission .
1 . Lots of Canadian aid dollars . Mali has relied heavily on Canadian foreign aid , with only the United States and France contributing more . In 2014-15 , Canadian development spending reached $ 152 million . Since 2012 , Canada has also contributed $ 44 million in humanitarian aid following the country 's 2012 crisis ( more on that below ) and about $ 10 million to support the UN peacekeeping mission , making Canada its ninth-largest supporter .
2 . The 2012 crisis . It started when soldiers overthrew the country 's president , creating a power vacuum that was filled by an Islamic insurgency . The fall of Libya in 2011 busted the locks off Moammar Gadhafi 's arsenal , spreading weapons across north Africa , which armed various militia groups , including al-Qaida linked organizations . France led a war in 2013 that succeeded in driving the jihadists out of the stronghold they established in northern Mali . A UN peacekeeping force was established that year , and it has become its most dangerous mission with more than 160 fatalities .
3 . Canada 's drop in the peacekeeping bucket . Canada 's contribution of 250 personnel is far less than many of its allies . The UN mission comprises more than 13,000 troops . Germany , the country whose air support operations Canada will be replacing , has authorized the deployment of more than 1,000 troops . In addition to the UN mission , Germany has contributed 350 troops to a training mission for Mali 's military . France has 4,000 troops deployed to a counter-terrorism mission in northern Mali separate from the UN 's peacekeeping efforts . `` This announcement is a small but important step towards Canada 's re-engagement in peacekeeping , '' said peacekeeping expert Walter Dorn of the Canadian Forces College in Toronto , noting that Canada 's contribution to peacekeeping has hit an `` all-time low '' of a couple of dozen .
4 . The political peace process . In June 2015 , a peace agreement was signed between the Malian government , Tuareg rebels and other rebel groups . The Tuareg first sparked the 2012 rebellion , but that was soon hijacked by the better-armed jihadists . Those jihadists are outside the peace process . Gen. Jonathan Vance , Canada 's chief of the defence staff , said `` there is a prospect of a brighter future for Mali '' but that `` the basic deconstruction of Libya and the rise of terror groups , terror armies '' has to be addressed .
5 . The human rights situation . The UN 's latest report on the human rights situation , tabled last month , offers a grim update of the situation in Mali . Between January 2016 and June 2017 , it documented 608 cases of human rights violations involving almost 1,500 victims . These occurred across the country , including Gao , where the Canadian air contingent is expected to be based , and further north in Timbuktu . The perpetrators include signatories to the peace process and `` non-signatory and splinter armed groups . '' The vast majority of the victims are men . The abuse included illegal detention , torture , extrajudicial executions , recruitment of child soldiers and sexual violence .
Sources : Government of Canada , The United Nations , Deutsche Welle
By Mike Blanchfield , The Canadian Press
India 's GDP was at 6.1 % in the fourth quarter , down from 7 % in the third quarter of FY 2017 . Photo : HT
New Delhi : As job creation attains a top priority in India 's future growth agenda , mid-sized companies , with 100 to 5,000 employees , will be the largest recruiters , according to a survey .
According to an exclusive survey data HR outsource and technology firm PeopleStrong shared with Mint , if the rate of gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth and subsequent job creation continues to be the same as today , the mid-market will create approximately 7 million new jobs by 2021 , which means approximately 1.4 million jobs annually .
India 's GDP was at 6.1 % in the fourth quarter , down from 7 % in the third quarter of FY 2017 .
Companies in the mid-market segment are hiring approximately 3.5 million people annually , out of which 2 .5 million is replacement hiring and 1 million is new job addition , according to data .
“ Midsized companies are the real strength of our country . Since important policy decisions are being taken by the government , the industry and businesses will certainly see a good time . One will see better employment generation in the coming years , ” said Pravat Chaturvedi , former labour secretary , government of India , adding that it is hard to predict whether these jobs will come up in the formal or informal sector .
In March , Mint reported that India will make up for around 23 % of jobs to be lost to automation globally by 2021 . Information technology ( IT ) , IT-enabled services ( ITeS ) and security services , followed by banking , will be the first sectors to be hit by automation .
“ Automation never reduced employment . When computers replaced typewriters , efficiency improved . What is required is improved efficiency , improved production and better income generation , ” Chaturvedi said .
PeopleStrong predicts transaction-intensive jobs like server monitoring , data collection , customer service ( level 1 queries ) across industries , physical labour-intensive jobs in manufacturing and agri-businesses vanishing in the next five years .
At the same time , the company forecasts some emerging jobs too . These include jobs in artificial intelligence , internet of things ( IoT ) , mobile and cloud computing , analytics , networking . Data scientists and digital enablers will also be in demand in traditional sectors like banking and manufacturing .
“ If government initiatives—like Make in India , making startups accountable for job creation , labour law reforms—start kicking in , this number can be much higher , ” said PeopleStrong chief executive officer and founder Pankaj Bansal .
In this April 27 , 2018 file photo , Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz , looks up while in court for a hearing in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
Taimy Alvarez , AP
The teenager accused of fatally shooting 17 people in a Florida high school giggled and proudly proclaimed he would become `` the next school shooter , '' according to cell phone videos he made of himself just before the attack .
“ My name is Nik , and I 'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018 , ” Nikolas Cruz said on the videos , released by prosecutors Wednesday . “ My goal is at least 20 people . ”
At least one of the videos appears to have been made on the same day as the Valentine 's Day assault on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School . Cruz , 19 , says he wants to become a school shooter for the notoriety it would bring him .
“ When you see me on the news you 'll know who I am , ” Cruz says with a smile . “ You 're all going to die . Pew pew pew . Yeah , ca n't wait . ”
In one of the videos , Cruz outlined his plan for the massacre , saying that he intended to take Uber to the school and eventually end up on an upper floor of the building so that he could fire down on fleeing students like a sniper .
Cruz did take an Uber ride to the school that day , but for reasons that remain unclear , prosecutors say he aborted the last part of his plan and did not fire from an upper floor . Police say that after shooting 34 people , he fled with other students , mixing in with the crowd before getting a drink at a nearby restaurant .
Fred Guttenberg , whose daughter Jaime was one of the victims , said he read a transcript of the videos but chose not to watch them , the Orlando Sentinel reported .
“ I already know what he did , ” Guttenberg told the newspaper . “ He 's evil . Repulsive . He deserves to be dead . . . He talked about how he was going to be someone now . It 's a level of thought that I ca n't comprehend . It looks , from the words , like the kid had joy . I do n't want to see the delight he took in planning the murders of our children . ”
Andrew Pollack , whose daughter Meadow was among the dead , said Cruz can now rule out an insanity plea , the Sentinel reported .
“ It just shows this kid was competent . This whole thing was premeditated murder , ” he said . “ This kid knew exactly what he was doing . ”
Cruz suggested that he was planning the attacks in retaliation for being treated badly , although it is unclear by whom .
“ I 've had enough being told what to do and when to do . . . Telling me I 'm an idiot , '' he said . “ In real life , you 're all stupid and brainwashed . ”
Several Parkland students criticized the release of the video and implored others not to share it on social media .
That video is disgusting and is about to make me throw up . His face haunts me every single day and now I ca n't get his demonic laugh out of my head . So can people please not spread that video around . It is only giving him what he wants . — Morgan Williams # NEVERAGAIN ( @ morganw_44 ) May 30 , 2018
Please do not share the recent video that the media released of the perpetrator talking about his plan of 2/14 . Please . He does not deserve the spotlight he wants . It upsets not only me but everyone personally affected by this event . — natasha # NeverAgain ( @ sighnatasha ) May 30 , 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
DANIEL Ricciardo only has until August to agree to a new deal with Red Bull .
Fresh from the bombshell report that Ricciardo has contractually entered into an exclusive period of negotiating with rivals Ferrari , Red Bull boss Christian Horner has put down a deadline for Ricciardo to re-sign .
Horner has told German magazine Auto Motor Und Sport Ricciardo has until August to sign a new contract - or the team will begin looking for his replacement .
The 28-year-old remains the hottest driver on the F1 market for 2019 with his Chinese Grand Prix victory cementing his status as the sport 's most-desired free agent .
The Perth product has insisted he will remain with Red Bull if they are able to prove they can help him win a championship in the next few years .
However , a report on Tuesday ( AEDT ) claimed Ricciardo has signed an understanding with Ferrari to negotiate a new contract with the Italian team without Ricciardo being able to negotiate with any other team until the end of June .
In response , Horner has been quoted declaring Ricciardo only has until August before the team will give up on him .
`` There should be a decision by the summer break at the latest , '' Horner said of the August break .
Daniel Ricciardo has a tough call to make .
`` We do not want to wait forever . We have other good options . Our priority is to continue working with Daniel . If that does not work , we 'll pull the other options . ''
He even said Red Bull would likely first look at Carlos Sainz as Ricciardo 's replacement should the Australian choose to make a move to Ferrari . Reigning champions Mercedes are also reportedly interested in Ricciardo .
`` The most obvious is Carlos Sainz , '' Horner said .
`` He is under contract with us . And then there are a few young drivers . ''
It comes after Sky Sports F1 analyst Mark Hughes , writing in Motorsport magazine , wrote the report of Ferrari 's link with Ricciardo is correct .
`` There are many different types of contractual options , but this one is said to be on both sides up to a defined date ( believed to be June 30 ) . Up until that time , neither party can officially negotiate with another , '' reports Hughes .
`` Because the driver is effectively locking himself out of the market for that time , discussions for his post-2018 services are contractually 'owned ' by the team ( in this case Ferrari ) .
`` As such , he will be paid a fee . Between now and then he and Ferrari can negotiate about a future contract . This is all conventional F1 practice .
`` Those privy to such matters at Red Bull are adamant that he has definitely signed something , somewhere but it 's not with them and it 's not with Mercedes . Logically , therefore , it must be Ferrari . ''
Will Ricciardo team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari .
Red Bull has said multiple times it wants the Aussie star to stay put , but Ricciardo is yet to give any guarantees , repeatedly saying performance will dictate where he ends up .
If Red Bull can offer him the tools to win a championship he sees no reason to leave . But if - as has happened in previous seasons - the energy drink outfit falls behind Mercedes and Ferrari , the Perth-born driver may seek greener pastures .
Ricciardo said last week he does not want his next contract to tie him down for the next four years due to the uncertainty over the sport 's future . Instead , he wants a two-year deal .
`` I do n't want to sign anything too long because I do n't know where the sport 's going , ''
The Times newspaper quoted him as saying . `` I feel like life is happening pretty fast .
`` Each year something might change so I do n't want to tie myself down for four more years and then I 'm like , ' I do n't want to do this any more ' .
`` Ideally I 'd sign a two-year contract .
`` I think two years I can definitely be comfortable with and then see it from there .
`` That third year will be the rule change so I will probably wait and see what happens then . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
On Monday 20th February and Monday 6th March , The Varsity Hotel & Spa will hold two astronomy Master Classes .
Taking place way up high on the breath-taking Rooftop Terrace , the evening will give attendees a unique view of the beautiful East Anglia sky and a crash course in understanding the cosmos above it .
After exploring the heavens , guests will return to the panoramic bar and brasserie for a sumptuous two-course meal with a glass of bubbly .
The chef 's menu includes delicious grill and rotisserie dishes such as Wood Stone Roasted Salmon , Lemon and Rosemary Roasted Half Chicken and Chips with Truffle and Parmesan , along with other earthly delights that will provide the perfect end to an evening above the Cambridge skyline .
A fabulous range of cocktails is also on offer , along with over 30 gins paired with eight different tonics .
Paul Fellows , Chairman of the esteemed Cambridge Astronomical Association ( CAA ) and Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society , will host the Master Class and give guests a unique guided tour of the sky , utilising high powered laser pointers to pick out and explain the most beautiful and interesting celestial objects .
Attendees will observe directly through telescopes for a deeper look into the cosmos , whilst the nature and mysteries of the stars , planets , moons and galaxies that can be seen overhead are explained .
And if it rains , no need for it to spoil the evening .
The Master Class can be brought inside for a unique indoor presentation of the night sky , with a live question and answer session if it is too wet to go up on the roof .
Tickets are £49 , and includes a glass of fizz on arrival , the astronomy master class and a two-course meal .
Guests need to arrive at SIX Panoramic Bar & Brasserie at 6.30pm for a 6.45pm start on the Roof Terrace .
To book call ( 01223 ) 30 60 30 or go to thevarsityhotel.co.uk .
About the Cambridge Astronomical Association
The CAA was founded over 50 years ago , and is one of the largest astronomy groups in the country , assisted by its links to the University .
It runs monthly speaker meetings , featuring some of the world 's best scientists to present the latest news in the world of Astronomy .
Its junior section - the Cambridge Young Astronomers - introduces children from the age of seven to the night sky .
WWE News : Brock Lesnar defends WWE Universal Championship at SmackDown house show
The RAW superstar put his championship on the line at a blue brand show in Florida this past Saturday .
by Harald Math News 14 Aug 2017 , 16:23 IST
Lesnar put the big red belt on the line this past weekend in Tampa
What 's the story ?
The WWE brand split is becoming less and less rigid all the time , as more and more crossover between RAW and SmackDown Live seems to be taking place at WWE live events . Brock Lesnar was the latest RAW superstar to turn up at a SmackDown show , defending his WWE Universal Championship at a live event in Tampa on Saturday .
In case you did n't know ...
Brock Lesnar is WWE 's biggest star attraction , and the current WWE Universal Champion . Lesnar won the title by defeating Goldberg at WrestleMania 33 but has only defended the championship on three occasions since . All three of those bouts have seen Lesnar stand across the ring from Samoa Joe .
Also read : 5 ways WWE can book an epic retirement for Brock Lesnar
Despite his relaxed schedule , Lesnar has been known to turn up at live events in order to boost ticket sales and product interest . Lesnar defended the Universal Championship against Samoa Joe on another SmackDown show recently in Detroit .
The heart of the matter
Fans in Tampa may well have been surprised to see two of RAW 's biggest superstars show up at the SmackDown Live show . The show is a part of the SummerSlam Heatwave Tour , as WWE gears up for its second biggest show of the year , SummerSlam .
Lesnar was accompanied by Paul Heyman as he defended the WWE Universal Championship against Samoa Joe . The match was your standard Lesnar fare , with plenty of suplexes and intensity before an F5 and a 1-2-3 .
Elsewhere on the show , Jinder Mahal defeated Randy Orton ( again ) , AJ Styles defended the United States Championship against Kevin Owens , and The New Day defeated Breezango , The Hype Bros and The Usos in a Fatal Four Way for the SmackDown Tag Team Championships .
What 's next ?
At SummerSlam , Brock Lesnar will make his second televised defence of the WWE Universal Championship . Samoa Joe will once again challenge for the strap , but he will not be alone . Lesnar will put the title on the line in a Fatal Four Way match , with Braun Strowman and Roman Reigns making up the rest of the lineup .
Lesnar has been rumoured to be interested in a return to the UFC , and as such a championship loss is n't out of the question . We wo n't have to wait long to see - SummerSlam is just six days away .
Author 's take
WWE fans should grab every chance they can to see Brock Lesnar in action , as he is n't going to be around forever . Lesnar is arguably the last truly special attraction the company has , a once-in-a-generation athlete that should be celebrated . The fans in Tampa should consider themselves lucky .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
Now retired , former New York Yankees stars and multiple World Series winners Bernie Williams and Mariano Rivera played in a charity softball game in Ridgefield on July 29 . But to witness a current dynasty in action , they would have had to return to the fields at the old high school nearly a week later .
There , they would have watched top-seed KickFit complete an undefeated season by beating Planet Pizza , 8-2 , in the championship game of the Ridgefield Women 's Softball Association on Aug. 4 .
Although KickFit is a first-year sponsor , the title was the fourth straight and sixth in the last seven seasons for the team 's core group of players , who won the last three years as Westford Real Estate Management , and previously triumphed while sponsored by Pets & Pictures ( 2011 ) and Home Equity ( 2012 ) .
“ It 's a luxury to have players return season after season , ” said Kristy Swanson , KickFit 's starting pitcher and manager . “ We 've had the same exact team the last three years , and just about all the same players in the last seven or eight years , with just a few changes . ”
After going 12-0 during the regular season and winning its first playoff game , KickFit scored runs in the first three innings to open a 6-0 lead over Planet Pizza .
In the bottom of the first , Meghan Keane 's single and Swanson 's double preceded Bree Joyce 's two-run triple . Denise Brough then singled to score Joyce and give KickFit a quick 3-0 lead .
Two more runs came in the bottom of the second . Jen Timpanelli walked and Courtney Mead singled , and both runners scored on Maureen Cunningham 's single .
Nancy Liskiewicz 's RBI single made it 6-0 in the bottom of the third before Planet Pizza broke through with a run in the top of the fourth .
KickFit got that run back in the bottom of the inning , with Caroline Ward 's double scoring Timpanelli , who was on base via a single .
After Planet Pizza added its final run in the top of the fifth , KickFit closed the scoring in the bottom of the sixth . Natalie Castro blasted a one-out triple and then came home on Mead 's single .
“ It was a great year for us , ” said Swanson , the winning pitcher in the championship game . “ Anytime you can go undefeated and win a title it is a special season . ”
Notes : KickFit received a bye in the first round of the playoffs .
Due to rainouts earlier in the season , the playoffs were conducted as a single-elimination tournament , rather than the usual double-elimination format .
Labor 's shadow agriculture minister Joel Fitzgibbon .
POLITICAL heroes are often as difficult to find in Canberra as detecting soil moisture during droughts and sadly lacking when needed most , to step up and show leadership to fight the good fight for those they were elected to represent , including the vulnerable .
But in late 2016 , the Australian Greens covered themselves in rare glory to emerge as unlikely victors for farmers in a timely , strategic manoeuvre that sealed a much-needed deal with the Coalition government to pass the vexed backpacker tax .
And in the process , the Greens showered egg across the ruddy faces of many political rivals who failed to demonstrate that same brand of strength and conviction ; especially the Labor party .
In parliament 's last sitting week for last year , the Opposition and some Senate crossbenchers stood firm with their sharpened spears deeply entrenched in the hardened battle-ground located at one extreme end of the backpacker tax policy debate , demanding overseas working holidaymakers be taxed at a 10.5 per cent rate .
At the other end of the inglorious battlefield stood the Coalition and some others , having eased their positions from 19pc to 15pc , alongside the National Farmers ' Federation in backing and representing a clear majority of the farm sector .
While one of the warring factions seemed genuine in wanting to pass the legislation to dissolve a lingering political headache , the motivation of others seemed only to escalate and exacerbate tensions , despite an opportunity to alleviate the farm sector 's fears .
After a straight forward media conference from Treasurer Scott Morrison early in that final week , everyone believed the troublesome issue was set to be resolved in the Senate and passed at an agreed 15pc rate .
To pass the bill , Mr Morrison was confident his government 's position had the backing of One Nation 's four Senators and also the Nick Xenophon Teams ' three on the back of striking a new deal to encourage unemployed workers into farm labour .
However , virtually from nowhere and without warning , the then One Nation WA Senator come maverick independent Rod Culleton and Victorian independent Derryn Hinch both crossed over to vote with Tasmanian Independent Jacqui Lambie for the ALP 's bill that was proposing a 10.5pc rate , to effectively kill the 15pc legislation .
After telling media he was ok with 15pc or 19pc and just wanted the issue sorted-out , the one-time human headline Senator Hinch sent news-editors into a spin nation-wide as he voted with Culleton and Lambie and others for 10.5pc - the Greens included - to engage in a brand of political opportunism and to horse-trade , the likes of which he regularly railed against with bravado and gusto using a monster media megaphone , during a previous career .
For Senator Culleton , it was also an expression of the deep discontent lurking between him and the party 's leader Pauline Hanson , ahead of their eventual public split and spat a few days later .
With the haunted legislation now banished for a sad re-appearance in the Lower House , Mr Morrison declared the bill would n't return for another deciding vote in the Senate until a water-tight deal was secured .
Speculation hovered around parliament house momentarily of a deal involving the floor-crossing Senate crossbenchers collaborating on a compromised 13pc rate - but the Coalition stood firm and refused to budge from the already compromised 15pc .
Meanwhile , the nation , and farmers of all persuasions , looked on at the parliamentary proceedings in anger , feeling as if they were watching the ultimate political farce , the likes of which could only be eclipsed by the faux moral posturing that occurred during the Trump/Clinton US presidential campaign .
At the time , Tasmanian independent MP Andrew Wilkie - who is often maligned by the farm sector for his ferocious opposition of live animal exports - said it best in venting extreme anger at the rank political opportunism surrounding the backpacker tax ; despite the potential impact on farmers and fragile seasonal labour supplies .
“ I 'm really cross at the behaviour of my so-called colleagues ; many of whom have no interest in farmers and no interest in backpackers , ” he said .
“ Their behaviour is entirely self-serving ,
“ It 's just putrid , juvenile behaviour in the pursuit of their self-interest and they do n't seem to understand , the community just expected them to finalise it , a long time ago . ”
Mr Wilkie said his ongoing dialogue on the issue with producers in his home state showed they wanted the matter finalised “ quite rightly ” , amid concerns about losing critical seasonal labour sources for fruit picking and other on-farm jobs .
He said they all had varied views on what the tax rate percentage should be but their biggest concern was finalising the issue , before it potentially hit 32.5pc on January 1 .
Then , with the curtains about to close on the 2016 parliamentary calendar and the backpacker tax circus still playing out and frustratingly unresolved , the Greens entered the stage from virtually nowhere and stole the show .
The Greens ' backpacker tax rescue mission was a bit like Han Solo and Chewbacca rushing to Luke Skywalker 's aid , on board the Millennium Falcon , to momentarily distract Darth Vader and his wingmen during the fictional inter-galactic Battle of Yavin in the Star Wars movie , thus allowing the fatal shot to be fired from the hero 's jet-fighter , to destroy the Death Star and hand a critical strategic victory to the Rebellion .
There 's an old theatrical term called deus ex machina - God from the machine - which roughly means a plot device whereby a seemingly unsolvable problem or hopeless scenario is suddenly and abruptly resolved by the inspired and unexpected intervention of a new event , character or object .
Greens ' leader Richard Di Natale may not be God but he 's certainly gaining real-world recognition for applying common sense when working the political machine , to steal the thunder from other political operatives who seem to prefer to incite conflict rather than settle on pragmatic conclusions .
In closing out 2016 , the Greens can take a deserving bow in earning the farm sector 's applause for clearing the decks on the backpacker tax issue with a well-timed political strike .
But what does it all mean for the others who went missing in action ?
Agriculture and Water Resources Minister Barnaby Joyce has expressed ongoing frustrations at his opposite number Joel Fitzgibbon 's ongoing political antics in allowing Labor to use agriculture as a political football , while suffering an autocratic addiction to media ‘ gotcha moments ' ahead of bipartisanship .
The view is also shared privately by many leaders in the farm sector who have questioned his dedication to common sense policy outcomes and fear that , being as far to the right as one can be in the ALP , he 's the best of a bad bunch .
Mr Joyce said Mr Fitzgibbon 's type of approach is what people “ dislike intensely ” about politics in that politicians will play games with their lives , for a political point scoring exercise .
Nationals ' deputy-leader Fiona Nash said the backpacker tax issue highlighted the ongoing uncertainty of dealing with legislation due to the “ unpredictability ” caused by the current make-up of the diverse Senate crossbench that contains 11 different members .
A range of combinations is needed to pass legislation with the government or opposition and the Greens , with that situation set to remain unchanged in 2017 .
“ As government , you have n't got as much certainty as you 'd like in terms of getting legislation through , ” Senator Nash said .
Senator Nash said it was “ disappointing ” to see how the backpacker tax issue played out during the final sitting week of parliament for 2016 which was “ rather chaotic ” .
But she said the end result - where the Greens agreed to a compromised deal involving an additional $ 100 million for Landcare funding and the 15pc tax rate - would be good for farmers and backpackers .
” But it was just a little unwieldy , as to how we got to that point , ” she said .
Senator Nash said improved communication was a critical ingredient for guiding future crossbench negotiations and the Senate democratically elected with the crossbench being , “ what the people of Australia have chosen ” .
“ And of course we 'll work with them to the best of our ability , ” she said .
“ I 'm a great believer in communication and we need to talk all the time to crossbenchers and others in the Senate so they have a good understanding of what 's in front of them .
“ Senators ca n't be across all things at all times so I 'm particularly keen to work closely with the crossbenchers , in particular on information provision .
“ At the end of the day they 'll make up their own minds but I 'm hopeful , that going forward , they will make their decisions based on well-considered information . ”
For the NFF , President Fiona Simson said her group must build relationships with all sides of politics and “ we want bipartisan outcomes for rural and agricultural Australia – that is our aim ” .
“ Trust I think is something that we need to build and acknowledge that we need to build with all parties , ” she said .
“ I come to this with a fresh perspective that hopefully we can make a clean start and a clean slate and hope that we can work together in trust . ”
NATIONAL
( Yonhap )
Seoul City said Monday that it is considering to expand subsidies for households wishing to install solar panels at home , as part of its effort to fight greenhouse gas emissions and shift to greener energy sources.Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said in a recent interview with a local paper that he will declare Seoul as a city of solar energy in 2018 , in line with the central government ‘ s push to switch to renewable energy sources . Park said he is envisioning a city that is similar to a southwestern city of Freiburg in Germany , which is known as the greenest city in the world with eco-housing and car-free streets.The Seoul Metropolitan Government 's green energy division told The Korea Herald that it is currently studying a budget expansion for 2018 to financially support more households to install solar panels at their houses.As of June , 34,000 households installed solar panels at their houses , less than 1 percent of a total of 3.6 million households in Seoul . Seoul City officials attributed such a number to a lack of subsidies to promote use of solar power.Currently , the city government is funding 415,000 won ( $ 363 ) for installing one 1.6 meter wide and 0.9 meter tall solar power panel at home . The resident pays the rest of 200,000 won , or can get additional subsidies from the district office . The panel can be attached to the veranda to generate up to 30 kWh of electricity per month , enough to run a refrigerator.By Kim Da-sol ( ddd @ heraldcorp.com )
Artists from Limerick are among those donating original works of art to help fund home nursing care for sick children all over the country . In total , 1500 artists will donate pieces to Incognito – an art sale for the Jack & Jill Children 's Foundation – to go on sale for €50 each in The Solomon Gallery , Dublin from April 21 to 25 .
Eight Limerick artists are involved in the project , however their identities , along with all other contributors , will be kept secret until after the sale .
It is hoped that Incognito will raise €75,000 for Jack & Jill to fund home nursing care for the 300 children under Jack & Jill 's wing today ; children who do better at home , where they are well cared for by their parents with critical support from Jack & Jill nurses .
Continue reading below ...
The Jack & Jill service operates 365 days a year , has no waiting list and mobilises an army of 1,000 nurses and carers around the country and has done so for 20 years , with 2017 being Jack & Jill 's 20th anniversary year . The Jack & Jill Children 's Foundation must raise €3.5 million every year to keep going and this is one of many fundraisers throughout the year , with every €16 raised funding one hour of home nursing care for a sick child .
Discussing the Incognito project , Hugo Jellett , CEO of Jack & Jill , said , “ We have been quite overwhelmed by the number of artists donating their talent , their time and their gift to Jack & Jill . We 'll work very hard now to promote the exhibition ..
“ Incognito is an example of people reaching out to help others and our home nursing care service , which is delivered in every community in Ireland , is based around that principle of community helping community , providing a gift of time to families to give them a break from the 24 hour job of caring for their sick child . On behalf of those families , I want to thank all the artists involved who have embraced this campaign so willingly and so generously .
“ People often talk about ‘ affordable art ' and the price tag is still in the late hundreds , so it really is a joy to be able to present original works – for people to buy for themselves or for friends – at a fixed price of just €50 , and once you conceal the identity of the artist , it becomes simply about whether you like it or not… and that will bring a huge sigh of relief to many ! ”
The Incognito collection can be viewed online at www.incognito.ie
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category : Arts
China 's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers . Picture : YouTube
China 's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers . Picture : YouTube
LET 'S face it , we 're all guilty of jaywalking .
You 're in a rush , the traffic is light and there 's one of those convenient little islands halfway to stop at if you get weary on your journey .
Bravely risking a $ 72 fine , you glance around and march forward in defiance of the threatening red man .
Yeah , do n't try that in China .
Citizens in the city of Daye in China 's Hubei province will get sprayed by a jet of water if they cross before the friendly little green man appears .
Law enforcement officers in the region recently installed five bright yellow posts at one of the city 's busiest intersections .
According to China Daily , the posts feature a speaker system that informs pedestrians when it 's safe to cross - with a warning .
`` Please do n't go through , '' the automated recording says . `` You will be sprayed with water . ''
Footage has emerged at street crossings in the region showing Chinese citizens getting blasted with a mist of water for disobeying the rules .
They also contain laser beams that display red and green lights to show when it 's safe to cross .
All in all , the equipment cost a local information technology company 1.3 million yuan ( $ A270,000 ) to install .
And in case a big wet splotch on the front of your trousers was n't enough of a deterrent , the monitors also come with facial recognition technology that can identify jaywalkers .
People who jaywalk will be photographed , and pictures of their faces are sent to a police database and used to determine their identities .
Last month , the ABC reported Chinese authorities in the southern city of Shenzhen had launched a public website to name and shame offenders using artificial intelligence cameras .
Photographs of the offending pedestrians are now instantly displayed on LED screens installed at road junctions in the region .
Hmm . Maybe we 'll just wait the extra 10 seconds .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A suspected drug driver ploughed into the back of a van at an A14 service station leaving three people injured .
The crash happened at the Shell garage in Fenstanton on the Cambridge Road .
Three people were taken to hospital by the East of England Ambulance Service after the forecourt crash and police arrested the driver of the car .
Police were called to the garage on Tuesday afternoon ( April 17 ) , it has now been reported .
A Cambridgeshire force spokesman said : `` Police were called to a service station on Cambridge Road , Fenstanton , on Tuesday afternoon , April 17 , following an incident in which a car coming onto the garage forecourt ran into the back of a van .
`` Both vehicles were damaged and needed to be towed away by recovery services , and an ambulance was needed to take three slightly injured persons to hospital . ''
A 22-year-old man from Coventry was arrested on suspicion of drug driving . He has since been released under investigation .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Tracy L. Brundage , Ph.D. , is Keystone College 's 11th president
LA PLUME TWP . — Tracy L. Brundage , Keystone College 's provost and vice president for academic affairs , will become the college 's 11th president in July .
“ It is indeed a great honor to be selected as the next president of Keystone College as we continue to build upon the tremendous progress we have made in recent years , ” Brundage , Ph.D. , said in a press release . “ I look forward to continuing the proud legacy established by Dr. Coppola , President Emeritus Dr. Edward G. Boehm , Jr. , and all those who have helped make Keystone an educational leader in Northeastern Pennsylvania for the past 150 years . ”
Keystone officials announced in January that president David L. Coppola would step down in July . The college conducted a national search to find its 11th president and considered 167 candidates .
Keystone named Brundage as provost and vice president for academic affairs last August .
Before coming to Keystone , she served as vice president of workforce development at Pennsylvania College of Technology in Williamsport , director of continuing education at Penn State University , York , and director of workforce development and continuing education at Harrisburg Area Community College . She also was a small-business owner , a software education instructor and training specialist .
She has 25 years experience in higher education and the private sector .
Brundage , who lives in Moscow with her two daughters , holds a bachelor 's degree in psychology from Gettysburg College , a Master of Education in training and development and a doctorate in workforce education and development , both from Penn State University .
Contact the writer : kbolus @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9100 x5114 ; @ kbolusTT on Twitter
Back Exercises : 6 best lats workouts for a bigger back
A look at the six best lats workouts to strengthen the back .
Kredy ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018 , 19:49 IST 93 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lat pull-down
A strong back is quintessential for performing any kind of workouts and keeping it in shape requires regular exercise with an intense focus on the muscles located in the back . One of the most prominent muscle groups found in the back region is the Latissimus dorsi .
The Latissimus dorsi ( Lats ) is a large group of muscles finds in the upper back region and are primarily responsible for pulling and providing much-required strength to the shoulder movements . The Latissimus dorsi muscle group also aids in maintaining a proper posture .
Naturally , one should incorporate exercises in their workouts that focus on targeting this range of motion .
Let us dive in deeper and have a look at the six best lats workouts for you to add to your workout routine to improve your lats for a bigger and a stronger b .
However , keep the following things in mind before working out on your lats .
People with back problems in the past should proceed with caution or under expert supervision .
Always ensure that the muscle fatigue is reached due to repetitions count and not due to lift-load .
# 1 Lat Pull-down
The lat pull-down is a simple exercise for training the lats and is ideal for beginners and novice trainers . Moreover , the exercise improves other muscles of the back and acts as a great spinal stabilizer .
The Lat pull-down could be performed by either using a horizontal bar or a V-grip handle .
Instructions
Sit down on a pull-down machine with the face facing towards the machine and attach a wide bar to the pulley . Hold the rod with straight arms with the palms facing away from the body . Ensure that the distance between the palms is wider than the width of the shoulder .
Pull the bar in a smooth motion such that the bar reaches the upper chest portion . Pause for a moment in this position and return to the initial position . Repeat the exercise for the recommended number of repetitions .
Care should be taken that the upper portion of the torso is stationary and the movement is achieved using only the arms .
Liverpool defeated Roma 5-2 in the first leg of the UEFA Champions semi-finals on Tuesday at Anfield .
Two clinical finishes from Mohammed Salah gave Liverpool a 2-0 lead in the first half .
Before , the Egyptian gave two assist for Sadio Mane and Ferminho to increase the scoreline to 4-0 in the second half
The Brazilian made it 5-0 , before Eden Dzeko and Perotti reduced the deficit for Roma .
Roma will host Liverpool next week in the second of the UEFA Champions League next week Wednesda.y
You already know the American Legion is the largest veteran 's organization in the United States .
You already know the American Legion does more , nationally , for veterans than any other veteran 's organization . The American Legion provides life-changing assistance and guidance for veterans , military personal , their families , and communities in thousands of ways every day . You know why it 's important to maintain your membership in the American Legion . Did you know that your Post 27 has one of the best , most knowledgeable and active Service Officers in the State ?
Maybe because Post 27 does n't participate , you may have forgotten about : American Legion baseball , the essay contest , scouting , scholarship programs , boy 's state , boy 's nation , the oratorical contest , the family support network , or the homeless vet support program , and more , a lot more . Maybe you have forgotten that American Legion Lafayette Post 27 is n't just a bar . It should be a lot more important than that to the members , the community and to the vets in our area .
Why does n't Post 27 participate in any of these programs ? Why does n't Post 27 have any committees or things like Legion Riders or cooking teams to take turns cooking for the Post ? Just as Commander Huber said , “ Post 27 is dying. ” Why ? Because the Commander ca n't do it all by himself and the members are n't helping . Simple as that ! But that begs the questions ; why are n't you coming to the meetings ? Why are n't you taking an office ? Why are n't you on one of the committees ? Why did n't you bring in one new member this past year ? Just one new member and maybe Post 27 would n't be dying . Here 's a bombshell for you . Where are our lady vets ? Why do n't we have more women joining Post 27 ? Is anyone making an effort to find these vets and bring them in ?
And as for you , are you not happy with the way the Post is run ? Are you not happy with the Officers that are supposed to be running the Post ? Do you feel nothing ever gets done , nothing ever changes ? I 'm just as guilty as you . I got tired of not being able to get anything done , so just like you , I quit . I quit going to the meetings . I quit going to the Saturday breakfast . I quit being an Officer . I quit asking other vets to join Post 27 .
The truth is , no changes will be made nor will anything get done if you do n't come in and make the changes . If you do n't elect Officers and committees who have “ the good of the Legion ” at heart . So , here is the challenge ! Nominations and Elections are coming up very soon . It 's time for you to care and come out of reclusion . Time for you to step up for “ the good of the Legion , ” for the good of Post 27 , to be an active part of making Post 27 worth being an American Legion Post , again . Time to come to the meetings , to nominate and elect Officers that will work for you , to help you revive Post 27 .
Open letter to members of Gallipolis American Legion Post # 27
By George M. Allen Contributing columnist
George M. Allen of Crown City , Ohio , is a member of American Legion Lafayette Post # 27 .
George M. Allen of Crown City , Ohio , is a member of American Legion Lafayette Post # 27 .
Ready , set , race . The Gulfport Grand Prix returns for a second year in downtown Gulfport , with Formula One racing boats from the US and Canada in Boca Ciega Bay on June 1 through 3 , on Shore Boulevard , from 54th to 58th Streets South . The public pit area , which will be open to the public , will be at the Gulfport Recreation Center , along with the Antique boat show . Pleasure boat displays and vendor booths will line Shore Boulevard . Beach Boulevard will serve as the main entrance and parking shuttle drop off area for the event .
Headed to the festivities ? Here 's the rundown on parking and more for the aquatic showdown .
According to the Gulfport Grand Prix website , racegoers can park at the following locations on both Saturday and Sunday and take a free shuttle to the races :
Ted Phillips Wood Ibis Park , 58th St. S. and 28th Ave. S
Gulfport Library , 5501 28th Ave. S .
Multipurpose Senior Center , 5501 27th Ave. S .
Gulfport Historical Museum , 5315 28th Ave. S .
Gulfport City Hall , 2401 53rd St. S .
Holy Name Church 's Grass Lot , 5800 15th Ave. S.\
49th Street Neighborhood Center , 1617 49th St. S .
Hoyt Field , 5690 23rd Ave. S .
Empty lot behind Wells Fargo Bank , 2000 49th St. S .
Handicapped parking will be accessible on 31st Ave South . Vendors can park at the Gulfport Municipal Marina at 4630 29th Ave. South . Additionally , valet parking through Courtesy Valet will be available for $ 12 per vehicle . Cars will be parked by valet workers on 58th Street South .
The event is free to the public . VIP tickets are $ 45 and include covered seats on the Williams Pier and the point on both Saturday and Sunday , plus four drinks and one lunch . Some proceeds for the event will be donated to the Michael J. Yakes Foundation ( mygulfportfoundation.org ) .
Tickets can be purchased online at omaddys.com or in person at O ' Maddys Bar and Grille , St. Pete Boat and RV Storage , or the Grand Prix office at 700 49th St. S .
More information at gulfportgrandprix.com .
Entrepreneur has affiliate partnerships so we may get a share of the revenue from your purchase .
$ 10 Course Deal Expires January 11 , 2017
If you are or aspire to be in the world of business , then you better aim to be constantly improving -- not only your company but yourself as well .
That 's where Udemy comes in . The online learning and teaching marketplace has more than 40,000 courses and 12 million students .
Here 's the really excellent part : We 've sifted through those thousands and thousands of courses and picked 10 of the best . You can enroll in each of them today ... for just $ 10 .
No kidding .
From an entrie MBA in one course with Chris Haroun , to learning the essentials of entrepreneurship from Guy Kawaski , to building a personal brand with Gary Vaynerchuk , you can take your skills to the next level without breaking the bank .
Let 's take a look at the options .
Disclosure : This is brought to you by the Entrepreneur Partner Studio . Our goal is to feature products and services that we think you 'll find interesting and useful . If you purchase them , we may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners .
Two people were arrested by police in Leeds after a stolen car crashed into a wall in Horsforth .
The vehicle had already failed to stop for officers and driven the wrong way up Town Street when it lost control .
Members of the road policing unit arrested the driver on suspicion of drink driving , theft of a motor vehicle and being in the UK illegally .
One passenger was also arrested , although two others managed to run away before they could be detained .
5 best Intercontinental Championship matches in Summerslam history
Bret Hart makes it to this list twice . Which other wrestlers have competed in memorable IC Championship matches in Summerslam ?
@ Dannycru by Daniel Crump Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017 , 09:41 IST
The IC party of the summer
Summerslam has had a long tradition throughout the years of hosting memorable Intercontinental Championship matches . While the Wrestlemania main event is seen as the high point of any Superstar 's career -- challenging for , or defending -- the IC title at Summerslam is a sign that the company 's management see you as an integral part of the mid-card division with a bright future .
When done correctly , Summerslam and the IC title ought to go hand in hand . In one sense , both are seen as stepping stones to something bigger : show the fans your worth at the biggest party of the Summerslam and Vince McMahon will know you can be trusted to main event Wrestlemania . Do well with the Intercontinental Championship and you will soon be trusted to represent the company as its world champion .
With Summerslam 2017 just around the corner , here is a list of five of the best IC title matches in Summerslam history :
# 1 Dolph Ziggler vs. Rey Mysterio - Summerslam 2009
Great match on a solid card
For all the criticism the WWE used to get during the height of the PG era , 2009 was actually a pretty solid year for the company which had more than its fair share of quality feuds and matches . Summerslam 2009 was a key example of this .
While not every match on the card delivered , it did enough overall to be remembered as a very strong Summerslam show . One match in particular that helped this event overall was the opening match between Dolph Ziggler and Rey Mysterio for the Intercontinental Championship .
For those fans who look at the career of Dolph Ziggler as a bit of a wasted opportunity , it 's matches like this one here that explain why people think this way about him . Dolph was a fresh talent back in 2009 , coming out of some difficult gimmicks and ready to set his sights on a singles career .
Going after the Intercontinental Championship at Summerslam should really have been a stepping stone for Dolph , and in many ways , that 's exactly what it was .
Facing an established talent like Rey Mysterio would only help matters . The two had excellent chemistry throughout and knew how to build a wrestling match from bell to bell . The fluidity of the action served as a visual masterpiece and really gave hope to a lot of people that Ziggler would be the next break out star for the company .
The finish of the match was questionable , with Rey ultimately going over , but that did n't take away from the action too much . The match did exactly what it needed to do as an opening bout , which is to get the crowd hyped up and wanting more from the other matches on the card .
Despite the PG era not being the best period of time for the WWE , this match really ought to be remembered as one of the highlights .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This lot of fierce creatures could end up doing bird with Swanzilla .
We told how Albert the swan was flying off the handle in Tiverton , Devon .
He 's not the only hot-head animal . This camel got its teeth into tourist Justine 's head as she tried for a selfie in Australia .
And golfer Isaac Couling , 16 , thought his goose was cooked when an air strike sent him flying . Not the birdie he was after .
Let us bray
Goosed
( Image : Devon Gilson-Pitts / Facebook )
Hair raid
Creep off
Goatcha !
Got the hump ?
WASHINGTON : The United States Friday condemned the terror attack on a shrine in Balochistan that killed 22 people and stated that it would continue to work with Pakistan in combatting terrorism .
“ We offer our deepest condolences to the victims and their families , and wish a speedy recovery to those injured , ” State Department Spokesperson Heather Nauert said . “ We stand with the people of Pakistan and the broader South Asia region in their fight against terrorism , ” she added .
A suicide bomber blew himself up yesterday at Dargah Fatehpur in the Jhal Magsi district of Balochistan , killing at least 22 people and injuring 25 others .
ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack in a brief statement from its propaganda news agency , ‘ Amaq ' .
SALINE COUNTY – Police in Mississippi arrested a Kansas man wanted for alleged sexual assault Saturday .
A Salina 's Most Wanted man was picked up in Mississippi over the weekend . According to Police Capt . Paul Forrester , the original cases date back to December of 2016 .
On December 5 , Billarious Gatlin 's ex-girlfriend told police that she arrived home to find him waiting at her residence , located on the 800 block of Rainbow in Salina , according to Police Captain Paul Forrester .
Gatlin , 26 , allegedly threatened her with a knife .
The victim called authorities after locking herself and her 11-year-old son in a bedroom . Gatlin left before authorities arrived but issued a warrant for his arrest citing one count of aggravated assault , according to Forrester .
Just before 3a.m . on December 27 , Gatlin allegedly returned to the residence , threatened the victim with a knife , took her cellphone so she could n't call law enforcement and sexually assaulted her .
Salina Police issued another warrant , citing one count of rape , aggravated assault , aggravated kidnapping , aggravated burglary , criminal threat and intimidation of a witness .
Police booked Gatlin into the Saline County Jail Sunday morning after he was transported from TylerTown , Mississippi .
HOUSTON -- The Red Sox have officially removed Eduardo Nunez from their ALDS roster and added Chris Young .
Nunez , who has dealt with a PCL sprain in his right knee , re-injured the knee running to first base in his first at-bat in Game 1 . The Red Sox lost 8-2 to fall behind 1-0 in the best-of-five series to the Astros .
Nunez is not eligible to return for this series or a potential ALCS because of being removed from the ALDS roster . He could return for the World Series if the Red Sox were make it that far .
Young has had a lot of success here at Minute Maid Park . He 's batted .380 with a .417 on-base percentage , .727 slugging percentage , 1.144 OPS , 11 homers , seven doubles , one triple and 36 RBIs in 31 games ( 133 plate appearances ) at Minute Maid Park .
WInterfest graphic
By Diane Lederman , dlederman @ repub.com
AMHERST — The annual Winterfest has stretched from one day to eight this year , beginning Saturday and continuing through Feb.10 — the day Amherst Leisure Services Director Barbara Bilz is calling `` the Grand Finale '' at the Cherry Hill Golf Course .
`` We decided to grow , spread the activities throughout Amherst , bring events to downtown , '' Bilz said last month .
The single-day Winterfest was held at the Cherry Hill Golf Course for more than a decade . The festival grew as large as it could at that location , she said . She thought the timing was right to expand .
`` It 's winter , the doldrums , '' Bilz said . `` It 's a good time go get out of the house . ''
The Winterfest umbrella includes arts and sporting events at Amherst College , the University of Massachusetts and Amherst Regional High School . Some events require tickets and others are free . It also includes hiking and music .
Here are some highlights :
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A fearless SAS hero of the Iranian Embassy siege who was left homeless and penniless is finally moving into a new home .
SAS Sergeant Bob Curry was one of the first commandos to break into the London building where 26 hostages were being held by gunmen in 1980 .
But proud Bob , now 64 , fell on hard times after his business went under last year and he split from his partner of 25 years .
After a heartfelt plea to Herefordshire council on Good Morning Britain earlier this week , Bob returned today to reveal his `` fantastic '' news .
( Image : ITV )
He said : `` I 've been offered a small property outside Hereford , a few miles out . It 's one bedroom so would n't suit everyone but it suits my needs perfectly and I 'm very pleased .
`` I 'm going out with Herefordshire council this morning to view the property , the interior , so good news . ''
Bob 's local council in Hereford found him a bed in a hostel but he said he could only cope there for two nights alongside drug addicts and ex-criminals .
He spent all of December sleeping on a sofa at his daughter 's house and was living in a B & B paid for by charities .
( Image : ITV )
Bob was forced to get in line for a house and has had `` no special favours '' , but Herefordshire Council have supported him to register for social housing .
He said : `` It 's fantastic it really is . I 'm really pleased with what I 've got . It 's been a long road but I 've got there .
`` I went in and lined up with the rest , I 've had no special favours . I did n't say 'oh here comes Bob Curry give me this ' . Eventually we got there and its great news . ''
( Image : ITV )
Bob believes this is a turning point in his life after a tough year and thanked everyone who has supported him .
The SAS hero said : `` I 've been given job offers with the type of work I used to do before so that 's looking really good and I 'm really pleased I 'm humbled by the massive response I 've had from the public worldwide . ''
In a statement , the council said : `` Herefordshire Council provides a range of support to ex-service personnel . We do not own council houses , so we have supported Mr Curry to register for social housing…
`` There is great demand for housing in the county . ''
( Image : Evesham Journal )
Bob , nicknamed 'Backdoor Bob ' . smashed his way into the embassy with a sledgehammer after kicking away an explosive charge .
Bob 's local council in Hereford found him a bed in a hostel but he said he could only cope there for two nights alongside drug addicts and ex-criminals .
He spent all of December sleeping on a sofa at his daughter 's house and was living in a B & B paid for by charities .
Bob 's actions during the siege in 1980 allowed a crack squad of four SAS soldiers to enter the rear of the building in South Kensington .
The special forces soldier , then aged 27 , had to use a sledgehammer to smash through a window after an explosive failed to detonate .
He and his team then cleared the ground floor and cellar of the building while another group abseiled in through a second floor window .
Despite the risk that the device could still explode , Bob ran forward , kicked the charge out of the way , and was the first to climb inside .
All but one of the hostages were saved , while five of the six terrorists were killed .
Bob left the Army in 1985 and spent three years working for the Al Fayed family .
During this time he acted as the personal bodyguard of Dodi Al Fayed , later killed alongside Diana , Princess of Wales in a Paris car crash .
The soldier earned campaign medals for his service in Northern Ireland and the Falklands War .
In 2015 he sold those medals for more than £20,000 to raise funds as his business failed .
SAS legend Andy McNab launched a petition calling on Herefordshire County Council to find him a permanent , suitable home .
* Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6.00am
BOSTON -- Pablo Sandoval revisited his two-plus years with the Red Sox in a Players Tribune essay Monday , glowing about his recent return to San Francisco while saying he just never felt comfortable in Boston .
Boston , which signed Sandoval to a 5-year , $ 95 million deal prior to the 2015 season , released the third baseman last month . Sandoval returned to the Giants in late July , signing a minor league deal with the organization he spent the first seven years of his career playing for , and was called up August 5th .
Sandoval said he nearly cried tears of joy upon learning the Giants promoted him to the Majors . But as far as his time in Boston ? Well , as Sandoval writes , it was never a good fit from the start .
`` At the end of the day , I just never felt comfortable in Boston , '' Sandoval wrote , adding he felt `` lost '' in Boston and that his heart was always in San Francisco .
`` It had nothing to do with the organization , or my teammates , or the fans , or the city . Everybody was great to me . I think it was just something that happens sometimes -- you do n't feel comfortable somewhere , or you do n't fit in , even if you 're in a place you chose to be . ''
Sandoval hit .237/.286/.360 during his tenure in Boston . He missed nearly all of the 2016 season due to injury and could n't stay healthy -- or productive -- upon returning this year , leading to the Red Sox designating him for assignment on July 14 .
Red Sox manager John Farrell was asked Monday about Sandoval 's comments .
`` I do n't know you ever anticipate it 's going to be a bad fit going into this , '' Farrell said , adding he was aware of `` some '' of the comments Sandoval made .
`` Coming to Boston was his choice . Whether it was leaving an organization he grew up in , so to speak , and coming to the place under the circumstances that he did . A lot expectations , pressure . That 's not to say San Francisco is not . But for one reason or another , I think he outlined many reasons why he would n't feel comfortable here . We went through many steps that took into a account his needs on and off the field . ''
Sandoval his hitting .240 with one homer in seven games since rejoining the Giants , a team he won three World Series with prior to signing in Boston .
The Red Sox , meanwhile , still owe Sandoval roughly $ 49 million in guaranteed salary .
Sandoval did n't leave San Francisco on the best of terms in 2015 , telling Bleacher Report he left money on the table to join the Red Sox , insisting he simply did not want to accept the Giants ' offer . Sandoval also said he would n't miss any of his teammates `` except Hunter Pence . ''
Sandoval issued an apology for his comments last month shortly after the Red Sox released him , and wrote in the Players Tribune Monday he wanted to return to San Francisco , quickly texting Giants front office members upon his release to see if a reunion was possible .
NET Power , LLC , today announced that it has successfully achieved first fire of its supercritical carbon dioxide ( CO₂ ) demonstration power plant and test facility located in La Porte , TX , including the firing of the 50MWth Toshiba Energy Systems & Solutions Corporation ( “ Toshiba ” ) commercial-scale combustor . Firing of the combustor involves the integrated operation of the full NET Power process . Following rigorous testing , the combustor will be integrated with the turbine and power will be generated . NET Power is targeting the global deployment of 300MWe-class commercial-scale plants beginning as early as 2021 .
First fire is a critical milestone for the demonstration plant , as it validates the fundamental operability and technical foundation of NET Power 's new power system , which is designed to produce low-cost electricity from natural gas while generating near-zero atmospheric emissions , including full CO₂ capture . The achievement also confirms the operation of Toshiba 's combustor at commercial scale , as several 50MWth combustors will be utilized together in NET Power 's 300MWe commercial facilities .
NET Power is a collaboration between Exelon Generation , McDermott , and 8 Rivers Capital . Constructed over a 2-year period , the company 's 50-megawatt thermal ( 25MWe ) demonstration plant is the world 's only industrial-scale supercritical carbon dioxide-based power plant and CO₂ cycle test facility .
`` This is the exciting culmination of a process that required the hard work and dedication of our investors , ” said Charlie Bowser , NET Power 's President . “ We were also very fortunate to bring together an extraordinary group of key contractors and equipment suppliers . Because of the collaborative effort of the extended team , our achievements have fully met our expectations . ''
“ McDermott is a global leader in technology licensing for the energy industry , and NET Power is a valuable piece of our current portfolio and our long-term strategy , ” said Sean Sexstone , Global Vice President of Power for McDermott . “ This partnership in NET Power also gives McDermott the opportunity to build energy projects that have the potential to revolutionize how we produce power and capture carbon . ”
The plant is designed to demonstrate NET Power 's Allam Cycle technology , which uses a new turbine and combustor developed specifically for the process by Toshiba . Using carbon dioxide ( CO₂ ) as a working fluid to drive a combustion turbine , the Allam Cycle eliminates virtually all emissions from natural gas power generation without requiring expensive , efficiency-reducing carbon capture equipment . As the energy sector and electricity consumers become increasingly carbon-conscious , NET Power and Toshiba are poised to provide the market with the industry 's first natural gas power generation technology that is low-cost , flexible , and carbon-emissions free .
In parallel with these demonstration plant tests , NET Power is advancing the development of commercial-scale 300MWe natural gas plants . NET Power is working on projects with power generation , oil and gas , and industrial companies in the U.S. and globally , as well as a number of governmental agencies abroad . With the passage of 45Q carbon capture tax credit reform in the U.S. and the demand for low-cost CO₂ in industrial processes that use and sequester CO₂ , the company sees a large demand for NET Power plants and Toshiba turbines , beginning in the very near term .
Existing natural gas plants burn natural gas with air , which is a mix of oxygen and nitrogen . These technologies emit CO₂ , which is difficult and expensive to separate from the nitrogen and residual oxygen . Unfortunately , this has made carbon capture uneconomic for traditional power plants . NET Power addresses the cost hurdles of older technologies with a novel process—an oxy-fuel , supercritical CO2 power cycle—that produces electricity efficiently while inherently eliminating all air emissions . The system burns natural gas with oxygen , as opposed to air . Additionally , instead of using steam , the cycle uses high-pressure CO₂ to turn a turbine , in effect turning the CO₂ problem into the climate solution . NET Power produces only electricity , liquid water and pipeline-ready CO2 , as well as valuable argon and nitrogen , all while operating as efficiently as most natural gas power plants in operation today . Additionally , for a small reduction in efficiency , the technology can operate without water . The technology will serve as an affordable and reliable cornerstone of the world 's clean energy future .
The BC Natural Resources Forum ( BCNRF ) last month saw more than 900 people take part in the 15th annual gathering for politicians , industry leaders , as well as the public .
That 's a 450 % increase compared to five years ago says the organizing committee , which also includes nearly 50 guest speakers and 70 businesses showcasing their work .
Spokesperson Kevin Brown says bringing in Federal delegates helped increase awareness .
“ With four national level speakers this year , this year really was a step forward on topics of critical importance to people in Prince George , Central , and Northern British Columbia . It 's going to be tough to try to duplicate , but that 'll motivate us to work even harder . ”
Notable speakers included Federal Forests Minister Jim Carr , National Assembly of First Nations Chief Perry Bellegarde , and BC Premier John Horgan .
Brown believes it 'll be tough to follow up in planning for next year 's forum , calling it a National success .
“ We 've got people in our audiences telling their friends , their work colleagues , and their familie about the quality of our panels and speakers . The reputation of the event is superb as well , so we , in just a few months , will start to identify some of the keynote speakers we 'd like to see come and join us . ”
The 2019 BCNRF is slated for January 22nd to 24th in Prince George .
If you too are navigating the near frozen tundra of a city that 's all , `` Spring Equinox ? I do n't know her , '' then hearing the word `` summer '' kind of sounds like a taunt more than a possibility about right now . But hold fast , my fellow popsicle people — because on the other end of all these seemingly endless nor'easters is a promise that will sustain us all until the warmer months . Praise be to the dessert gods , of whom we are all unworthy , Ben & Jerry 's is releasing a Gim me S'more flavor in anticipation of summer that pretty much just rendered all other ice creams irrelevant in 2018 .
I know what you 're thinking . Did n't our pals Ben and Jerry already make a s'mores flavor , fittingly dubbed `` S'mores '' ? TOO TRUE , my friend , but therein lies the greatness of this new flavor — it proves that humanity can never truly peak . That we can improve upon perfection . Because the `` Gim me S'more '' flavor promises to be the `` S'mores '' ice cream reboot that your naive little 2017 taste buds could never have dreamed of . Whereas the original S'mores flavor was loaded with chocolate ice cream with fudge chunks , toasted marshmallow , and graham cracker , the new , limited edition `` Gim me S'more '' update will include toasted marshmallow ice cream ( HULLO ) , chocolate cookie and graham cracker swirls ( heck yes ) , and FUDGE FLAKES .
Feast your eyes upon its glory , my friends .
While this may seem like a small change in the original recipe , you can trust that this is one small step for ice cream , but one giant leap for s'mores kind . The mix-up of the flavors allows for a completely different take on the iconic dessert . Eric Fredette , Ben & Jerry 's flavor guru , said in a press release , `` The toasted marshmallow ice cream base adds a new level and depth of flavor . '' Incidentally , the idea of it is also adding a new level of tears to my summer-deprived eyeballs .
The best news is that you wo n't have long to wait ; the Gim me S'more flavor will be available in mid-March in both retail stores and in Scoop Shop locations nationwide , according to the press release , and will also be available as its own signature sundae ( just in case you were n't already low key drooling ) . Be sure to stock up while you can , though , because this baby 's limited edition ; time to fill up that freezer and make sure it lasts through the summer , lest you actually have to go outside to make your s'mores like some common human .
This is far from the only flavor Ben & Jerry 's is rolling out in anticipation the summer — and , incidentally , not the only one that will inspire some summer camp nostalgia . Also joining the party is Glampfire Trail Mix , which is `` chocolate ice cream with crunchy pretzel Swirls , marshmallow swirls and fudge-covered almonds , '' according to Ben & Jerry 's website . The description on it encourages you to `` get lost in the dessert without leaving the yurt , '' which honestly is about as glamping as it gets .
Ben And Jerry 's
None of this , however , is quite as momentous as the national holiday we have ahead of us : Tuesday , April 10 will mark Ben & Jerry 's next Free Cone Day . Scoop Shops worldwide will be giving out a free cone to anyone who shows up between 12 p.m. and 8 p.m. You can find the Scoop Shop closest to you using the Ben & Jerry 's locator , and show off your free dessert swag on social media with the hashtag # FreeConeDay .
In the meantime , if anyone needs me , I 'm going to be taking some Gim me S'more to the face while openly weeping at the Weather Channel . PEACE .
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto 's busiest thoroughfares , conjuring memories of recent similar attacks , including in France , Germany and Spain .
Monday 's events sent the city reeling , sowing confusion and fear . So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case ?
Here 's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism :
DEFINITION : The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out `` for a political , religious or ideological purpose , objective or cause '' intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm , endangering health and safety , or interfering with an essential service .
OFFENCES : The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group , as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts .
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY : When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001 , Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition , said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa 's graduate school of public and international affairs .
`` Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element can not be demonstrated then they are not considered , legally , acts of terrorism , even if they terrorize , '' Wark said .
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court , he added .
The terrorism offences in Canadian law `` do not work well '' with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own , given the code 's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group , said Kent Roach , a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security .
OTHER CASES : There is expert consensus that whenever it 's appropriate to lay terrorism charges , that should happen , even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction , such as the length of sentence imposed , Wark said .
BOSTON — Tomas Murphy scored eight of his career-high 21 points in overtime to push Northeastern past UNC Wilmington 107-100 on Saturday .
It was the most points Northeastern ( 15-9 , 8-4 Colonial Athletic Association ) has scored since putting up 102 against Cal State Northridge in 2005 .
Murphy did n't miss a shot in the extra period , making a layup , four free throws , and a two-handed dunk that gave Northeastern a seven-point lead with 55 seconds remaining .
Vasa Pusica scored 24 points to lead the Huskies . Anthony Green added 16 points and Donnell Gresham Jr. had 14 . Murphy , a 6-8 freshman forward , was 8 of 11 from the field .
SAN DIEGO , Calif. , Aug. 14 , 2017 ( SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE ) — The Mortgage Collaborative , the nation 's only independent mortgage cooperative , announced a new partnership with national compliance solutions provider , Strategic Compliance Partners . The new relationship with Strategic Compliance Partners adds another best-in-class mortgage compliance company to their preferred partner network .
“ In the ever-changing world of regulatory mortgage compliance , Strategic Compliance Partners provides the on-demand results and strategic direction lenders and brokers need to succeed , ” said Rich Swerbinsky , executive vice president of national sales & strategic alliances for The Mortgage Collaborative . “ The addition of an organization like Strategic Compliance Partners and Founder and CEO Ari Karen as a valuable industry resource to The Mortgage Collaborative 's network will only benefit our lender members . ”
Strategic Compliance Partners ( SCP ) is more than a compliance and consulting company . With a team that includes accomplished attorneys and experienced compliance practitioners , SCP brings together innovative technologies and legal insight to deliver outstanding compliance management solutions to mortgage banks , warehouse banks , mortgage brokers , and other financial institutions .
“ The Mortgage Collaborative has assembled an impressive network of lenders and partner companies in a few short years and we 're excited to add value to their first–class membership , ” said Ari Karen , founder and CEO for Strategic Compliance Partners . “ Our team is comprised of seasoned compliance specialists and attorneys who have years of industry knowledge and expertise . Together we 'll be able to provide the support and guidance to help keep members of The Mortgage Collaborative compliant and sleep easy at night . ”
The Mortgage Collaborative network is more than 110 lenders strong , with an aggregate annual origination volume of over $ 190 billion . The network caters to lenders of all sizes , with a strong mix of independent mortgage brokers and community banks and depositories .
About The Mortgage Collaborative :
Based in San Diego , The Mortgage Collaborative was founded in 2013 to empower mortgage lenders across the country with better financial execution , reduced costs , enhanced expertise , improved compliance , and to help its members access the dynamic and changing consumer base in America . The association is managed by its founding members : John Robbins , CMB ; David Kittle , CMB ; Gary Acosta , CEO of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals ( NAHREP ) ; and Jim Park , former chair of the Asian Real Estate Association of America ( AREAA ) . Robbins and Kittle are former chairmen of the Mortgage Bankers Association of America ( MBA ) .
For more information , visit : http : //www.mortgagecollaborative.com/ .
About Strategic Compliance Partners :
Strategic Compliance Partners ( SCP ) provides compliance management , to oversee and assist in the development and implementation of a lender 's compliance programs . SCP offers fixed price , attorney driven holistic compliance solutions that balance a lender 's revenue opportunities with risk mitigation to achieve compliance that both enables and protects a lender 's business .
Our seasoned compliance specialists have one goal in mind — to help our clients navigate the ever-changing landscape of the mortgage financial industry . Our solutions include a wide variety of services and technologies to simultaneously mitigate risk , achieve CFPB compliance and increase profitability .
For more information , go to https : //strategiccompliancepartners.com/ .
News Source : The Mortgage Collaborative
To view the original post , visit : https : //www.send2press.com/wire/the-mortgage-collaborative-announces-addition-of-strategic-compliance-partners-to-preferred-partner-network/ .
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source , who is solely responsible for its accuracy . www.send2press.com .
The Milford Striped Bass Club and the City of Milford have announced the date for the 49th annual Milford Children 's Trout Derby : It will be Saturday , May 6 , from 6 to 9:30 a.m. at the upper and lower duck ponds .
Awards will be presented around 10:30 a.m. No registration is required . All children age 15 and younger are eligible to participate .
Prizes will be awarded for the largest trout in four categories , and every child will receive a free grab bag at the end of the event .
For more information or to help support the derby contact Trout Derby Chairman Shawn Lalond , 203-913-6335 , or co-chairman Jennifer Lalond at 203-671-9545 .
Manchester : Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola took a big step towards his first trophy in English football with a 2-1 derby win over Manchester United on Sunday which sent his team 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League .
Guardiola , who won three Spanish league titles and two Champions League crowns during his time with Barcelona and then won three Bundesliga titles with Bayern Munich , had faced questions about whether his trademark possession style would work in England .
( Also read : Fergie could n't put me off Manchester City , says Pep Guardiola )
City finished 15 points behind Chelsea in third place last season but it will take a major collapse for them to not win this season ` s championship .
`` We can play this way in England . People said we could n't play the way we did in Barcelona in England but it is possible and we did it , '' Guardiola said after the victory at Old Trafford .
`` I knew that last season . Always I believed we could do it . Everyone can play how they want , that 's why football is so beautiful . I 'm happy to go to Stamford Bridge and Old Trafford and to beat them in this way , '' he said .
`` Football is incredible . We spoke about how to play United but never set-pieces offensively , and then we score two . Football is unpredictable , '' he said .
( Also read : EPL : Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 in a nerve-wracking derby win )
Despite the points gap , Guardiola was quick to make clear that the title race was far from over .
`` This win means a lot in the way we played for our confidence but in three days we go to Swansea in the winter time . We are going to face a lot of difficulties . In December it 's impossible to be champions but it 's good for us , '' he said .
The Spaniard also responded to comments from his United counterpart Jose Mourinho who had blamed the referee ` s failure to give his team a penalty for the loss .
`` Last season it was the same –- we won here and it was the referee . Today as well . Yesterday he spoke about the referee . We are an honest team . We had 75 percent ball possession , which means we wanted to play . We came here and did that , '' he said .
`` We won because we were better in all departments '' .
Orlando Pirates coach Micho Sredojevic has insisted that the team will solve their goal scoring woes .
This comes after another struggle to get the goals which saw them draw 1-1 against AmaZulu at Orlando Stadium at the weekend .
Defender Ntsikelelo Nyauza scored an own goal to give Usuthu the lead , but redeemed himself with the equaliser in the first half .
The Buccaneers may be one of the top teams on the log , but have scored 10 goals in 14 league matches .
The Serbian , however , still believes Pirates will get it right and start `` killing off '' teams .
EDINBURG , Texas ( AP ) — The Latest on the discovery by officials in South Texas of 17 people locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station ( all times local ) :
1:15 p.m .
An official with U.S. Customs and Border Protection says the high number of people being smuggled into the U.S. in tractor-trailers in South Texas “ goes right back to a weak border . ”
Manuel Padilla is the U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley , the region at Texas ' southernmost point . He spoke to The Associated Press the day after 17 immigrants were found locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at an Edinburg gas station .
Padilla said Monday that authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley . He tells the AP that “ in general terms ” the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people is higher in South Texas “ than any other area along the border . ”
Most apprehensions of people crossing the United States ' southern border occur in the Rio Grande Valley , which includes more than 300 miles of the Rio Grande , the river separating the U.S. and Mexico in Texas .
Immigrants discovered in the tractor-trailer were from Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala and Romania . Padilla says while most people crossing the southern U.S. border illegally come from Central America , people from Europe and Asia also occasionally enter the U.S. illegally through Mexico .
___
12:49 a.m .
Police in Texas say 17 people were found locked inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a gas station .
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV the immigrants from several different countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler for at least eight hours before being freed by officers Sunday morning .
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention . Trevino says two people believed to be in charge of the rig were detained .
The television station reports Edinburg police responded after getting an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others .
A spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the agency is investigating the case .
The incident comes more than three weeks after 10 people died and several others were rescued from a sweltering rig in San Antonio .
___
Information from : KGBT-TV , http : //www.valleycentral.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site . By continuing to use this website , you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has accused a council officer of “ aggressive over-enforcement ” after he was threatened with a fine for having his dog off the lead while sitting outside a Bristol coffee shop .
Seth Piper , who works as a consultant , was sitting with a friend and their two dogs outside Hobbs House Bakery in Gloucester Road on Tuesday January 30 when they were approached by the enforcement officer .
Mr Piper filmed the argument which ensued when the officer warned the pair they were in breach of council rules because the dogs were not on their leads and risked a fine of up to £100 .
Mr Piper , 36 , said : “ I am strongly in favour of fines being issued to combat littering , dog fouling , and other anti-social behaviour . However the aggressive over-enforcement of the new rules about keeping dogs on leads at all times is absurd and totally unjustified .
“ Responsible dog owners such as myself are being harassed and forced to pay for no good reason .
“ I do n't believe members of the public want their tax money to be spent on trivial matters , such as well-behaved dogs not being on the lead at all times . This does n't contribute to a better quality of life for anyone in Bristol , in contrast the measures brought in to combat littering , fly-posting and actual anti-social behaviour , of which there is sadly plenty .
`` When I think about how many other genuine problems there are in the city and how underfunded so many public services are , I get quite angry that the council is wasting resources in this manner . ”
After Mr Piper refused to give his details , the officer then appears to spend a number on minutes on the phone to a superior , before informing Mr Piper the incident will be referred to the police and leaving the scene .
The dogs are both golden retrievers , one an 11-week old puppy .
Mr Piper , of Redland , contacted the Bristol Post after seeing previous reports that dog owners were being fined up to £100 for letting pets off their leads in public parks - including some where dogs were allowed to run free .
It is understood this legislation was originally imposed in 2007 and was subject to a name change last year .
Bristol City Council responded to the report and said the fines issued in the wrong parks would be refunded and those unpaid would be cancelled – a spokesperson apologised for “ any inconvenience and upset ” caused to dog walkers .
Mr Piper said he filmed the incident after the enforcement officer said it was being caught on camera by his own body camera .
The council introduced the enforcement officers , who work for private company Kingdom but act on behalf of the authority , in November last year to give fixed penalty notices to anyone caught dropping litter , spitting , not clearing up dog 's mess or not keeping dogs under control .
A spokesperson for the council said : “ Dog Control Orders exist to protect both the animal and the general public . Having a dog off of a lead can be very dangerous , especially so close to a busy main road . It can only take a small incident to spook an otherwise calm animal and cause a serious accident .
“ Dogs must be kept on a lead at all times when on public land save for some areas which are exempt from the order . These areas are mostly parks and green spaces .
“ On this occasion , a fine was not issued , the officer simply attempted to explain the rules relating to Dog Control Orders . ”
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS ( KPLR ) - Stacey Switzer of the APA of Missouri visits KPLR 11 News at Noon with Ivory , a two-year-old pit bull mix .
This sweet dog loves nothing than snuggling and belly rubs . She 'll even forgo treats to get scratches and rubs from every person she meets .
If you want to adopt Ivory , just visit to the APA on Hanley Road .
Here is the information that you 'll need :
1705 South Hanley Road 314-645-4610
http : //www.apamo.org/home.aspx
Is your pet lost ? Try looking at stllostpets.org
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol city centre ground to a halt for almost half an hour this afternoon after a bus pulling away from the stop outside Cabot Circus broken down in the middle of the road .
Passengers were asked to leave the bus , which was supposed to be an X48 to Lyde Green , just before 2pm .
Cars , taxis and buses – but not cyclists or moped riders – soon backed up behind the bus , which could not be restarted and was stranded for more than 20 minutes .
The traffic jam began at the point where the Horsefair becomes Penn Street , and snaked back all the way down the Horsefair to Union Street and further back to Castle Park and Bristol Bridge .
Police officers were on the scene to try to help , and other bus drivers waiting to take over buses tried to help restart the bus .
The delays left large crowds of passengers at bus stops , and severely delayed buses from the city centre to Temple Meads and all routes to the east and south east of the city for the rest of the afternoon , as the knock-on effect of the traffic jam continued .
Eventually , the bus was restarted and managed to pull over to the side of the road outside Cabot Circus to allow traffic through .
It was then taken off the road and headed for the depot .
Posh pair Ryan Tafazolli and Leo Da Silva Lopes will face late fitness tests ahead of tomorrow 's mouthwatering clash with Blackburn Rovers at the ABAX Stadium ( 3pm ) .
They came off injured during Wednesday night 's 2-0 win over Southend in the Checkatrade Trophy but trained today ( Friday ) .
Leonardo Da Silva Lopes of Peterborough United leaves the field after picking up an injury against Southend . Picture : Joe Dent
Manager Grant McCann said : “ They both trained today and we will make a call on whether they are 100 % right tomorrow . We will see how they are .
“ The good thing is we have options if neither of them make it . It is why we have a good squad . ”
Liam Shephard will definitely miss the game with a groin injury that could keep him sidelined for another two weeks .
“ It is a blow for Liam and frustrating for him because he is desperate to come back but that sometimes happens in football , ” McCann commented .
McCann is expecting a tough game against Tony Mowbray 's promotion-chasing Rovers side , who are fourth in the table - three places above Posh .
He added : “ Blackburn have a big squad , they were in the Championship last year and they have a lot of quality . They have a big budget and have strengthened this season too . ”
Blackburn threw away a 3-0 lead to draw 3-3 with Crewe Alexandra at Ewood Park in the Emirates FA Cup last week .
Mowbray said : “ We have a tough run of games coming up , starting at Peterborough . They certainly have talented individuals like Marcus Maddison and Gwion Edwards . They 're a good footballing team with obvious threats . We will go there , be positive and play on the front foot and aim to get the three points . ”
There will be a minute 's applause in memory of Posh supporter Andy Mills who passed away last month . This will take place as soon as the referee blows the whistle to start the second half .
Marsala , July 4 - A 76-year-old Italian priest was sent to trial October 2 for sexually abusing minors in Marsala on Wednesday . Father Niccolò Genna is accused of abusing a boy from the Gambia .
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands , with the likes of Toys R Us , Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down .
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses , while eateries Prezzo and Jamie 's Italian are also shutting some of their branches .
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets , it 's likely these wo n't be the last closures of 2018 .
Here are a few other big brands we 've bid farewell to over the years .
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties , the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure .
Allders department store closed down in 2005 , after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman , owner of the fashion chain Jaegar , but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013 .
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n ' mix sweets , school clothing and stationary offering , Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008 , after struggling with £385 million of debt .
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs .
Renting videos , DVD and games is now a thing of the past , thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school , but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about .
It was once the place go for entertainment , but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more .
Lewis 's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856 , Lewis 's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world 's first Christmas grotto in 1879 , entitled 'Christmas Fairyland ' .
The company went into administration several times over the years , but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands .
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading , but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands .
However , a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices .
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment , but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later .
Rival retailer , Sports Direct , bought the brand name , website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million , saving around 550 jobs .
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading .
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments .
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK , but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009 , although its website is still up and running today .
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets , Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009 , with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores .
After accidentally being exposed to HIV‚ an academic chose to return to his family home to deal with the trauma . But before he could recover‚ he was dealt another blow - he was dismissed by the Vaal University of Technology .
But Dr Pieter Wynand Conradie‚ a lecturer in the university 's Information and Communication Technology Department‚ challenged his dismissal . And last week the Labour Court ruled in his favour .
Details of the case were revealed in Judge Anton Steenkamp 's ruling which was handed down last week .
In January 2015 Conradie was exposed to the HIV after an accident . Conradie sought medical treatment in the form of post-exposure prophylaxis ( PEP ) and was placed on antiretroviral ( ARV ) treatment .
According to Steenkamp he returned to work in February `` but his physical and mental state was deteriorating '' and he decided to `` recuperate '' at his parents ' home in Worcester . Conradie `` handed over his supervisory duties to a colleague '' ‚ Steenkamp noted .
Selena Gomez 's pals think Justin Bieber is a `` bad influence '' .
The 'Heart Wants What It Wants ' hitmaker 's friends are reportedly not keen on the on again off couple , who are currently on a break in their relationship , reuniting .
A source said : `` There 's a big crew of people [ in Selena 's circle ] who really do n't like Justin and they especially do n't like him with Selena . A lot of her friends really do n't like him . They think he 's bad news for Selena and do n't approve of the relationship . They think he 's a bad influence on her and she becomes really dependent on him . She 's so generous and loyal and puts 100 % of herself into everything , including her relationships , which is n't always the healthiest . ''
And the 24-year-old singer does care what his girlfriend 's friends think of him but Selena tends to keep him and her pals separate from each other .
The insider added to Entertainment Tonight : `` Justin does care what her friends and family think and has tried to win them over , but some of them are just over it . They 're there for Selena and support her no matter what , but do n't feel like they need to welcome back Justin . If you notice , Selena keeps her friends and Justin separate - when she 's with Justin , it 's just Justin , and when she 's with her old friends , it 's just them . They do n't really overlap anymore . ''
Meanwhile , a source previously claimed Selena is taking some `` time to herself '' amid rumours surrounding her love life .
An insider explained : `` Selena is very delicate ; her 'comeback ' to the spotlight has been tough - especially with the interest in her personal life with Justin and her mother . She is taking time to herself . This is not the first time she has done this . ''
MONTREAL — China 's Ruoteng Xiao is the new men 's all-around champion after winning gold on Thursday night at the gymnastics world championships .
Xiao finished with a score of 86.933 points , ahead of compatriot Chaopan Lin ( 86.448 ) and Kenzo Shirai ( 86.431 ) of Japan .
Canadian Zachary Clay finished 21st for his best result at a world championship . His best performance was on pommel horse , where he scored 13.566 for ninth .
The women 's all-around final is Friday night .
A Stage Revival , And 50 Years Of Survival , For 'The Boys In The Band '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joan Marcus/Polk and Co. Joan Marcus/Polk and Co .
Editor 's note : This story includes language that some may find offensive .
It was 1968 . But playwright Mart Crowley felt he had to write what he knew .
`` Nobody wanted the play , '' Crowley says . `` Not even agents wanted to look at this play . They just thought it was pornographic and it was outrageous . ''
What he wrote in The Boys in the Band was a thinly veiled slice of autobiographical fiction . A group of gay friends gather for a raucous birthday party ; by the end of the evening , secrets are spilled , tears are shed .
The playwright says he wanted to capture `` the atmosphere of what it was like to be gay and everything you did or felt was against the law , and that you could get arrested for almost anything and it could be blamed on that . ''
Crowley points to one important line that he wrote : `` Not all faggots bump themselves off at the end of the story . '' It 's voiced by the character he based on himself .
`` He was talking about plays in which most of the time , when there was a gay character , they wind up committing suicide or getting beaten to death or sent to prison , '' Crowley says . `` There was always a terrible fate for anybody who was gay . And so , I was determined not to have that happen , here in this . ''
In the 50 years since The Boys in the Band opened , the play has been both lionized as a path-breaking depiction of gay life in the 1960s , and criticized for antiquated attitudes that run counter to the current LGBTQ movement . It 's being revived currently on Broadway , with a cast that includes TV and film stars Jim Parsons , Matt Bomer and Zachary Quinto . But it 's also important to remember that in those 50 years , many of the original cast and crew died of AIDS .
When some courageous producers first took on The Boys in the Band , the play became a phenomenon . It ran over 1,000 performances off-Broadway , and saw productions across the country and around the world . And it was adapted into a film .
Enlarge this image toggle caption CBS Photo Archive/CBS via Getty Images CBS Photo Archive/CBS via Getty Images
Laurence Luckinbill played the character Hank in the original play and the film . Luckinbill , who was a college friend of Crowley 's and is straight , says getting actors to appear in The Boys in the Band was difficult .
`` I went and told my agent — who was gay , whose husband was gay , who were closeted — and I said , ' I 'm going to do the play , ' '' Luckinbill says . `` And she said , 'Well , there goes your career . ' ''
Despite the play 's success , he did lose jobs , including a contract for cigarette commercials .
`` The only answer they would give me , it was from the head guy , and he said , 'No fags smoke our fags , ' '' Luckinbill says .
There was even backlash from within the gay community . Luckinbill says an early activist organization denounced the play the day after it opened .
`` The Mattachine Society criticized us , whining [ it ] made gay people look bad , '' he says .
I went and told my agent — who was gay , whose husband was gay , who were closeted — and I said , `` I 'm going to do the play . '' And she said , `` Well , there goes your career . ''
A year after the opening came the Stonewall riots , when members of New York 's gay community protested a police raid on a bar in Greenwich Village . That marked the beginning of the modern gay rights movement . And in the following years , the AIDS crisis took the lives of five of the actors , the stage manager , two producers and the director .
`` And so they basically fell in battle as far as I 'm concerned , '' Luckinbill says .
Tuc Watkins plays the same role in the revival that Laurence Luckinbill played in the original .
`` My initial reaction was : Why are we going to go up into the attic and look at that thing again ? '' Watkins says . `` Because I have come from a place of : I want to be out and proud and move forward and make progress . And it was n't until we read it and we started talking about it that I was reminded that we need to know where we came from in order to move forward and appreciate the freedoms that we have . ''
The revival is directed by Joe Mantello , who assembled a cast of nine openly gay actors . Mantello says even he was a little concerned that the play would n't speak to gay life in 2018 .
`` This play ca n't possibly speak for everyone , '' Mantello says . `` But it did speak for Mart [ Crowley ] and it is Mart 's truth . And I think it holds up beautifully . ''
For his part , Mart Crowley is happy that The Boys in the Band finally made it to Broadway . And actor Brian Hutchison says it still connects with audiences on a very personal level . One evening after the play , he met two men in their 80s .
`` And one of the guys just burst into tears and they were streaming down his face and he could n't really speak , '' Hutchinson says . `` And his friend said , 'You moved him more than you know . He 's had a rough road . ' ... It 's deeply moving to know that there are still people coming to the play who were living that life , you know , and they 're still living that life or have those regrets . ''
The Big Lead 's PM Sports Roundup , where the weekend is just a societal construct with no real meaning , man .
Wonder Woman hosting SNL : Gal Gadot is hosting Saturday Night Live this weekend so you know I 'll be tuning in .
Sills turned out alright : West Virginia 's David Sills was the young quarterback offered a scholarship by Lane Kiffin as a seventh grader . By the time he was 18 he was a “ bust ” but has reinvented himself as an excellent receiver .
Fields decides to stay home : Top recruit Justin Fields has committed to Georgia , opting to stay home to play college football . Fields is widely considered the top quarterback in the 2018 recruiting class , and many ranks him as the top player . This was an enormous pickup for Kirby Smart and co .
Leach boots two : Two Washington State football players have been kicked off the team after they stole stuff from a Walmart in Pullman .
Tweet of the Day :
Look at this idiot , holding that sign like the Indians did n't blow a 3-1 lead in the World Series last year . # ALDS2017 pic.twitter.com/BgQ5n1Ksdf Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ? — Luigi Goodlino ( @ HunterGoodling ) October 6 , 2017
In Case You Missed It On The Big Lead : World Cup Qualifying Recap : United States With Must Win , Argentina Needs to Win Final Game ; Ben McAdoo Really Has a Handle on All This ; WATCH : N.C. State Fans Chant “ F-B-I ” During Win Over Louisville ; Some Words of Caution About the Rapidly-Filling Philadelphia Eagles Bandwagon .
Around the Sports Internet : Mike D'Antoni is awful confident in his Houston Rockets ; Kate Upton is in Houston supporting her future husband Justin Verlander on Friday ; Josh Norman is out four weeks with a rib injury ; Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for the Titans this weekend .
Song of the Day :
The 49-year-old coach 's target is making the round of 16 . There have been signs so far of an attempt to introduce more of a passing style instead of the direct strategy used in the two years under Van Marwijk .
GOALKEEPERS
Four goalkeepers were called up for the recent warm-up games and Pizzi is n't fixed on a starter .
Walled Abdullah and Yasser Al Mosailem appear to be vying for the role . Abdullah is more experienced and is likely to be better able to handle physical challenges , although Mosailem performed well in a 1-1 draw with Ukraine in March .
DEFENDERS
The back four is an experienced unit but with three likely starters over 30 they are susceptible to pace from opponents .
The 34-year-old Omasa Hawsawi and 32-year-old Omar Hawsawi are set to partner in the centre .
MIDFIELDERS
Much depends on Abdullah Otayf , a holding midfielder who has drawn comparisons with Luka Modric of Real Madrid .
If Saudi Arabia can start to play out from the back , the 25-year-old Otayf can make the team tick .
Taisir Al-Jassim , who has made more than 130 international appearances , adds to the solidity in the centre while Al-Shehri provides creativity going forward .
FORWARDS
The team lacks a proven scorer at the top level with Mohammad Al-Sahlawi and Nasser Al-Shamrani both over 30 and not convincing against strong defences .
The wide players are vital . Salem Al Dawsari and Fahad Al Muwallad , the most talented player available , provide much of the threat , although both have been sitting on the sidelines in Spain .
GROUP GAMES
The Saudis will be based in St. Petersburg but will play their opening match against host Russia in Moscow on June 14 . That will be followed by a trip to Rostov-on-Don to play Uruguay on June 20 and to Volgograd to take on Egypt on June 25 .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By John Duerden , The Associated Press
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) -- North Korea said Tuesday that leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on his military 's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam as part of an effort to create `` enveloping fire '' near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific .
The comments , while typically belligerent , are significant because they appeared to signal a path to defuse a deepening crisis with Washington over a weapons program that is seen as having the ability to be able to send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland .
During an inspection of the army 's Strategic Forces , Kim praised the military for drawing up a `` close and careful plan '' and said he would watch the `` foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees '' a little more before deciding whether to give an order for the missile test , the North 's official Korean Central News Agency said .
Kim said North Korea will conduct the planned missile launches if the `` Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity '' and that the United States should `` think reasonably and judge property '' to avoid shame , the news agency said .
Lobbing missiles toward Guam would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective . U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could lead to war .
Kim 's comments , however , with their conditional tone , seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous `` extremely dangerous reckless actions . '' The United States and South Korea plan next week , however , to start annual defensive military drills that the North claims are preparation for invasion .
On Monday , Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford held a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media . He also made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump 's warnings if need be .
Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea . But Washington is also ready to use the `` full range '' of its military capabilities in case of provocation , Dunford said .
Dunford is visiting South Korea , Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military `` locked and loaded '' and said he was ready to unleash `` fire and fury '' if North Korea continued to threaten the United States .
The Korean People 's Army 's Strategic Forces said last week that it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam , which is about 3,200 kilometers ( 2,000 miles ) from Pyongyang , and send it to Kim for his approval .
The North Korean plans to fire near Guam are based on the Hwasong-12 , a new intermediate range missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May . The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii .
The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month . Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States , including Los Angeles and Chicago , could be within reach of those missiles , once perfected .
The latest Korea Central News Agency report said Kim ordered his military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time . If the `` planned fire of power demonstration '' is carried out because of U.S. recklessness , Kim said it will be `` the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks , '' the news agency reported .
North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and annual military drills between Washington and Seoul beginning later this month that Pyongyang condemns as invasion rehearsals .
Kim said that the United States must `` make a proper option first and show it through action , as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula '' and that it `` should stop at once arrogant provocations '' against North Korea , the Korean Central News Agency said .
Trump has declared the U.S. military `` locked and loaded '' and said he was ready to unleash `` fire and fury '' if North Korea continued to threaten the United States .
South Korean President Moon on Monday called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff , saying that `` there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula , '' according to his office .
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House , Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries . Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provocations .
By KIM TONG-HYUNG and FOSTER KLUG . AP writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul and Bob Burns in Washington contributed to this report .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury has shown off his new boxing licence ahead of his return to the ring .
Former world champion Fury will compete in his first boxing match since beating Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015 .
He surrendered his titles shortly after the fight after admitting that he was struggling with mental health problems .
But the British Boxing Board of Control have agreed to reinstate his licence ahead of a return to the ring , which could eventually culminate in a blockbuster clash with Anthony Joshua .
He posted a picture of his new licence on Instagram alongside the caption : `` Officially back ! Watch me go ! ''
( Image : Tyson Fury/Instagram )
Fury , 29 , has his sights set on a fight with Joshua but promoter Frank Warren wants to see him have at least four warm-up fights before taking the deal .
Fury said : “ I could beat AJ tomorrow night ; I could beat Wilder , Joseph Parker , all of them .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
“ I wanted to fight AJ for my comeback fight , because I do n't rate him at all against me . I just think I 've got his number — my style is all wrong for him .
“ Within a couple of fights I will win a world title back , 100 per cent . I 'm looking to win one back this year . ”
The head of Samsung Electronics Co. saw the value of his stock holdings surpass 14 trillion won ( $ 12 billion ) last year , rising by 28 percent , as the flagship unit of the country 's top conglomerate Samsung has continued to rally , industry data showed Monday .
According to the data compiled by industry tracker Chaebul.com , the value of stocks held by Chairman Lee Kun-hee was tallied at 14.35 trillion won as of Thursday , the last day of last year 's stock market trading , compared with 11.2 trillion won tallied on Jan. 4 .
Lee owns 3.52 percent in Samsung Electronics . The business tycoon has been bedridden since May 2014 after suffering a heart attack .
Samsung Electronics , the world 's largest manufacturer of smartphones , closed at 1,802,000 won on the Seoul bourse Thursday , just flirting with its highest ever pricing of 1,830,000 won , as investors bet that its diversified business portfolio would help it rack up decent profits and more shareholder-friendly policies are in store .
South Korea 's No . 1 tech giant posted better-than-expected earnings for the third quarter , despite rising concerns sparked by the global recall of the Galaxy Note 7 phablet over faulty batteries .
Also , rising chip prices helped it buffer a sharp dip in its third-quarter earnings , the sources said .
For the fourth quarter of last year , Samsung 's operating income is estimated at over 8 trillion won , sharply up from the previous quarter 's 5.2 trillion won .
AmorePacific CEO Suh Kyung-bae followed Lee with 9.22 trillion won worth of stocks , down 13.4 percent over the cited period , amid rising geopolitical tension .
The country 's No . 1 cosmetics maker and China-linked companies came under heavy selling following Seoul 's decision to deploy a U.S.-led missile defense system , called THAAD , which has drawn strong opposition from China .
South Korean companies are heavily dependent on Chinese consumers and travelers as their main revenue sources .
Lee Jae-yong , the heir-apparent of Samsung Group and the only son of Lee Kun-hee , suffered a 12.4 percent dip in his stock value at 7.61 trillion won as Samsung C & T Corp. , the group 's de facto holding firm , declined .
Chung Mong-koo , the chairman of Hyundai Motor Group , saw his stock values rise 5.4 percent last year to reach 4.49 trillion won , the data showed . ( Yonhap )
Mattel Inc. , desperate to break out of a deep funk , resorted to drastic measures last year , from killing entire lines of toys to aggressively clearing inventory and writing down assets .
The result was a fourth quarter that was even worse than what analysts expected : It posted a surprise loss , revenue plummeted 12 per cent and gross margin collapsed .
But with the shares surging as much as 10 per cent on Friday , it 's clear investors believe the company 's narrative that the skies are finally clearing .
`` A lot of what we saw in the numbers was not poor performance ; it was taking the necessary steps to set up the company for growth going forward , '' said Gerrick Johnson , an analyst for BMO Capital Markets . `` I was really encouraged . ''
Since arriving from Google a year ago , chief executive officer Margo Georgiadis has revamped management , including a new head of finance , and altered the merchandise lineup by exiting smaller brands and axing some products that were still in development .
While the idea is to refocus the company on its biggest properties , it still has n't revived the toymaker 's broader performance .
But Barbie may be an early indicator that the strategy is paying off . The company 's biggest brand posted a nine per cent gain in sales last quarter .
The improvements at Barbie still have n't been reflected in some areas , however , with other girls properties plunging 35 per cent .
`` We have real quality brand momentum leading us into 2018 , '' Georgiadis said in an interview . `` In 2017 , we really had to clear the decks . ''
Mattel pulled back on Christmas-season shipments to its retail partners , even though it hampered revenue , to reduce bloated inventories at chains . At the end of the fourth quarter , retail inventories of its biggest brands were down more than 20 per cent .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City finished the January transfer window with three new signing as Lee Johnson bolstered his side for the rest of the season .
Liam Walsh joined on a permanent deal from Everton , Ryan Kent signed from Liverpool on loan and French striker Lois Diony became the final arrival as he signed from Saint-Etienne for the rest of the campaign .
But what about the players the Robins were linked during January ?
James Thomas takes a look at what happened to the one 's that got away from the Robins .
Jordan Hugill
The striker completed a deadline day move to Premier League West Ham United for a reported £9million
The 25-year-old was repeatedly linked with a move away from Deepdale during the last month with Bristol City rumoured to be one of the sides interested .
Hugill was omitted from the Preston squad for their last game against Nottingham Forest amid speculation of his move to the Olympic Stadium .
The Englishman who has ten goals in 29 games this season , joins the Hammers to replace the departed Diafra Sakho who joined French side Rennes and made his debut against Brighton on Saturday .
Lewis Grabban
The 30-year-old was linked with City during the window following Lee Johnson 's admission that he was in the hunt for a striker .
Championship leaders Wolves were also linked with the player earlier on in the window , but his destination was a toss-up between Aston Villa and Cardiff City .
The striker was recently recalled from a loan spell at Sunderland where he scored 12 goals in 19 Championship appearances for the Black Cats , following his move to the Stadium of Light last summer .
However , it was Villa that landed the striker on-loan until the end of the season as the Robins had already turned their attention towards signing Lois Diony from Saint Etienne which they subsequently did .
Jack Colback
The 28-year old signed for Nottingham Forest on-loan for the rest of the season and was linked with a move to Bristol City earlier in the window as Lee Johnson looked to bolster his midfield options .
Colback , fell out of favour at St James ' Park and had n't played a single minute of football for the Magpies this season .
The Englishman featured 21 times for Rafa Benitez 's side that won promotion to the Premier League but was told that he was free to leave the club once the window opened .
He now links up with Forest boss Karanka having made 179 top-flight appearances during his time with Newcastle and arch-rivals Sunderland .
Jordan Jones
Bristol City made an enquiry about the 23-year-old winger during the latter stages of the window .
It was reported that the Robins were in contact with Kilmarnock over Jones , who was also subject of a bid by Glasgow side Rangers in the region of £350,000 but were knocked back
The former Burnley target has so far netted three goals in 28 matches for his side this season – while also adding three assists .
The Northern Ireland international won his first cap last November and still has 18 months left on his current contract at Kilmarnock where he has decided to stay , until the summer at least .
The signing of Ryan Kent seemed to end all interest in Jones . However , who is to say that if the Robins get promoted , that Lee Johnson wo n't make another attempt to sign the promising wide-man .
Alfredo Morelos
Morelos was another striker the Robins reportedly kept a close eye on during the window before signing Diony .
The 21-year-old striker has been a huge hit at Rangers after joining in a £1million deal in the summer from HJK Helsinki .
The forward expressed his desire to quit Ibrox at the end of the season and move to the Premier League .
With the Colombian looking at making his name in the top-flight , and Bristol City having promotion ambitions of their own , this is a deal that could yet happen come the summer transfer window .
Although he remains a Rangers player for now , he has also been the subject of interest from the Chinese Super League .
That deal could happen at anytime as the Chinese transfer window is still open , but Morelos has made it clear that England is where he next wants to play his football .
Marley Watkins
Bristol City saw a £1m bid turned down earlier this month by Norwich , as the Canaries were keen to retain his services .
It was reported that Cardiff were also keen on bringing the forward to South Wales but a £2m offer was also rejected by the Championship club .
Out of all the deals that City were linked with , this is the one that seemed most unlikely given Norwich boss Daniel Farke expressing his desire to keep hold of the Welshman .
The 27-year-old will remain with Norwich until the end of the season , but it is unclear where his future lies beyond that .
Adam Webster
The 23-year-old was subject to interest from Bristol City in a deal that was believed to be worth £4m .
The Robins considered bringing the defender to Ashton Gate during the window in case they lost Aden Flint , amid reports he was attracting interest from Brighton and Hove Albion and West Brom .
Webster – who has had a few injuries since signing for Mick McCarthy 's side - is contracted with the Tractor Boys until 2019 and has featured 17 times for Ipswich during this campaign .
He was always unlikely to leave Portman Road for BS3 as Ipswich had the option to extend his deal for another season and were under no pressure to sell the talented centre-back .
An estimated 900 people packed into the Wellington Cathedral of St Paul on June 2 to celebrate the evening ordination of the Rt Rev Dr Eleanor “ Ellie ” Sanderson as Assistant Bishop for the Anglican Diocese of Wellington .
Archbishop Winston Halapua and Archbishop Philip Richardson led the liturgy , encircled by 10 tikanga Maori and Pakeha bishops , plus ecumenical guests including Catholic Archbishop of Wellington , Cardinal John Dew .
Bishop Eleanor , who has been vicar of Eastbourne and chaplain to Wellesley College since 2013 , has ministered in Wellington diocese for 16 years , 11 of those as a priest .
The Anglican bishop of Wellington , Justin Duckworth , believes Ellie 's new role has been “ God-orchestrated ” .
“ We have talked a lot about renewing the inherited church and enlivening new expressions of ministry that are emerging .
“ That places all of us outside our comfort zones . But we need to see that being outside our comfort zone is the new formality . ”
“ Ellie sees that , and she has different strengths to mine . As a diocese , we need to position her missionally to use those gifts . ”
“ My expectation is that Ellie will challenge me to be the best I can at what I 'm doing , and I will need to adapt to meet her gifting and abilities for what God calls her into . ”
As bishop Eleanor comes on board , the two Wellington bishops will work in tandem over the next four months , while she gains first-hand experience of the diocesan big picture .
Bishop Justin will move to Whanganui in the New Year and continue work from there , returning to Wellington each month for a week of team meetings .
Source
News category : New Zealand .
When cryptocurrencies are used to pay for goods or services , the rules for barter transactions apply .
For example , if a merchant accepted Bitcoin in exchange for a desk , a pair of glasses or jewelry — all items that can currently be bought using Bitcoin — the seller will need to include the fair market value of the good or service sold in their income for tax purposes .
`` You are trading one good for another and you up-traded , so you gained in value , '' said H & R Block senior tax professional Valorie Elgar .
`` You 're supposed to claim that as a capital gain . ''
GST or HST also apply on the value of any goods or services purchased using cryptocurrencies .
When making a purchase , any gains or losses on the cryptocurrency are considered realized and must be reported , said Paton .
For example , if you bought Bitcoin for $ 1 — a price the cryptocurrency has n't held since 2011 — and used that Bitcoin to buy a new car last year for roughly $ 18,700 , you would have to declare a capital gain of $ 18,699 .
That gain , whether it is thousands of dollars or a couple of loonies , is subject to tax , said Paton . And avid users of Bitcoin should calculate this amount for all transactions during the tax year , she added .
As well , if someone used Bitcoin to purchase another cryptocurrency , such as Ethereum , he or she would be considered to have sold the Bitcoin for its value in Canadian dollars at the time of the transaction , said Elgar .
It 's also important to keep in mind that the fees associated with cryptocurrency transactions would also reduce the gain ( or add to the loss ) that must be declared to the CRA .
The average Bitcoin transaction fee hit a high of $ 55.16 in late December , according to BitInfoCharts.com , before slipping to $ 8.53 on Jan. 28 .
If you are cryptocurrency mining — using powerful computers to process complex online cryptocurrency transactions in exchange for more cryptocurrency — that has tax implications as well .
The cryptocurrency gained in this process will need to be reported as income , said Paton . However , these businesses will also be able to deduct associated expenses such as the cost of computers and electricity .
The flurry of Canadian companies that entered the cryptocurrency mining fray last year will be subject to these guidelines . But the tax implications and the recent plunge in prices — Bitcoin briefly fell below $ 10,000 this week — might just temper the cryptocurrency frenzy in 2018 .
The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Marvin Rees has launched a blistering attack against the council 's scrutiny committee over the way it examined the recent Bristol Arena report .
The Labour Mayor has suggested the committee did not effectively interrogate KMPG 's ‘ value for money ' report in to the potential locations for Bristol 's long-awaited concert venue and did not ask for evidence to back up financial claims .
Speaking in a cabinet meeting on Tuesday , July 3 , Mr Rees questioned Conservative scrutiny chair , Geoff Gollop , as to the validity of the committee 's recommendation to keep the arena at the city centre Temple Quarter site and whether the group took a truly objective view .
Mr Gollop refuted Mr Rees ' critiques during the heated exchange , and said it was not the committee 's job to hash out the terms of the competing arena deals .
Launched last spring , the ‘ value for money ' review was widened to include it the feasibility of other sites and locations for Bristol 's concert venue after Malaysian investment firm YTL came forward last autumn with a bid to house the arena inside the Brabazon hangar on Filton Airfield .
The report was published in June and the 12-strong scrutiny committee spent more than 11 hours assessing the document .
The group almost unanimously voted in favour of keeping the project in the city centre as the site is “ shovel ready ” and is close to Temple Meads train station .
The decision was undoubtedly made easier by contractor Buckingham Group 's promise to build the arena for the set price of £122million - £34million cheaper than KPMG claimed the venue would cost .
Operators Arena Island Ltd also claimed to have offered the council £50million worth of funding during the scrutiny sessions - something which council officers said they “ did not recognise ” .
Mr Rees clearly has misgivings about the process scrutiny took and asked Mr Gollop five questions at cabinet , four of which inferred the committee did not work hard enough to establish the reliability of the two updated offers .
“ If someone claims to have made an offer of £50million to the city , I am just curious as to why you would n't ask to see the paperwork which details the offer , ” Mr Rees said .
“ Surely there is a responsibility for scrutiny to validate that offer ? ”
Mr Gollop dismissed the Mayor 's criticisms and said scrutiny were working with the information provided to them .
“ I am not prepared to accept you rebuking me for not asking a question , ” he said .
“ They [ Arena Island and Buckingham Group ] were asked questions about the offers they made , members were more surprised conversations appeared not to have taken place between officers and Arena Island Ltd and the contractors . ”
Speaking after the meeting , Mr Gollop said he was surprised by Mr Rees ' line of questioning .
“ I was n't quite sure why I was being asked the questions , ” he said .
“ I was quite taken aback . There was not one ounce of anger throughout the ten hours of scrutiny - it was a very positive process .
“ Where I am confused is that 10 out of the 11 members of scrutiny from all four parties came to a decision and put a lot of time and effort in to the process and for the Mayor to disregard that in a combative way sends the wrong message . ”
However Mr Rees is standing by his critique .
“ Good scrutiny is n't measured by how much time is spent , it 's measured by the quality and relevance of questions asked and the evidence investigated and tested , ” he told Bristol Live after the meeting .
“ Analysis of last week 's scrutiny shows key questions were n't asked or understood and it was clear from the chair 's comments that some opposition parties , particularly the Green Party , issued statements that were clearly false and inaccurate and demonstrated a lack of understanding of the key issues to be considered in what is a major city decision that will impact for 50 years .
“ Ultimately scrutiny came to a view on where the arena should be built without testing whether the new conditions announced by the contractor and operator were credible , instead taking their words at face value .
“ There is obvious confusion as to whether scrutiny believe there is or is n't a £50m funding gap and there was no analysis of the consequences for other areas of council spend if we were to divert funds to make up the funding gap .
“ That really does n't help the city engage with the complexity of this huge decision . ”
Mr Rees has said he will reveal where the arena will be built in the coming weeks .
Sats dates in the 2017/18 academic year
The key stage 1 test period is in May , with phonics screening check week beginning Monday 11 June 2018 .
Key stage 2
Monday 14 May : English grammar , punctuation and spelling papers 1 and 2
Tuesday 15 May : English reading
Wednesday 16 May : Maths papers 1 and 2
Thursday 17 May : Maths paper 3
Science sampling tests
Schools selected for science sampling must be able to administer the tests in the fortnight after Monday 4 June 2018 .
2018 to 2019 academic year
The key stage 1 test period is in May 2019 , with the phonics screening check week commencing Monday 10 June .
Key stage 2 tests will be from Monday 13 to Thursday 16 May 2019 . There will be no science sampling for the 2018/29 academic year .
Who takes SATs
Key Stage 1 SATs are in year 2 : maths and English ( reading , spelling , punctuation and grammar ) . These will be optional for schools from 2023 . Key Stage 2 SATs are in year 6 for English , maths and can also include science . Results are known before the children leave for secondary school .
The NRA 's charitable arm is calling the maker of a premium brand of cooler “ unsportsmanlike ” after the manufacturer ended a discount program . That 's per a letter from NRA Foundation lobbyist Marion Hammer , who was the NRA 's first female president and says Yeti “ should be ashamed , ” USA Today reports .
In a statement , Yeti took issue with the NRA 's characterization , saying Hammer 's letter is “ inaccurate ” and that it 's simply halting some “ outdated discounting programs ” and setting up an “ alternate customization program . ”
Yeti—which sells coolers that can go for up to $ 1,300 and is the latest company to modify its relationship with the NRA after the Parkland shooting , per the Hill—added it 's “ unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment , ” the Austin American-Statesman reports .
No matter the details , gun owners are railing against Yeti and saying they 've “ shot themselves in the foot . ”
One prominent detractor who now supports a boycott : Chris Loesch , husband of NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch . “ Do you not understand who your base is ? , ” Chris Loesch tweeted . “ Will never buy or use any of your products again and we had a bunch . ”
Some are even taking to destroying their Yeti products—including by blowing them up , shooting them with rifles , and crushing them in vises—using # YetiCoolerChallenge .
Not everyone agrees this is the most sensible reaction .
“ Let me get this straight : # yeticoolerchallenge = fill $ 500 cooler with $ 20 of tannerite . Blow up cooler . Outcome : @ Yeti keeps $ 500 , @ NRA foundation receives no benefit , and you are left with no cooler and a huge mess to clean up … seems reasonable , ” one observer sarcastically notes .
More From Newser
Bravo has pulled the plug on its scripted comedy Odd Mom Out after three seasons .
Creator and star Jill Kargman announced the news on Instagram on Thursday . `` Alas , all good things must come to an end , including this wacky gang ruining takes with peals of laughter , '' Kargman captioned a photo of herself with the cast . `` I 'm filled with pure GRATITUDE to @ bravotv and my entire @ NBC family for giving a 40-year-old mom the insanely incredibly opportunity to realize my dream of working in TV and I 'm * so * excited for what lies ahead . ''
Inspired by Kargman 's real life and novel Momzillas , Odd Mom Out starred as Kargman as Jill Weber , a mother who does n't fit in with the wealthy mothers of New York 's Upper East Side . In addition to Kargman , it also starred Abby Elliott , Andy Buckley , KK Glick , Sean Kleier and Joanna Cassidy .
Odd Mom Out recently wrapped up its third ( and apparently final ) season on Sept. 13 . It was Bravo 's second original scripted series . The network recently renewed its first scripted series , Girlfriends Guide to Divorce for a fifth season and Imposters will return for Season 2 next year .
Oil rose above $ 75 a barrel on Tuesday to its highest since November 2014 before paring some gains , supported by OPEC-led production cuts , strong demand and the prospect of renewed U.S. sanctions on Iran , Reuters reported .
Brent crude , the global benchmark , rose to its highest level since OPEC on Nov. 27 , 2014 turned its back on curbing output to support prices , a move that triggered a battle for market share and helped deepen a collapse to $ 27 in early 2016 .
Oil prices began to recover in 2016 as OPEC discussed a return to market management with the help of Russia and other non-members . A supply-cutting deal started in January 2017 and has been deepened by a steep output drop in Venezuela .
“ Prices are being driven up by tight supply due to high production outages in Venezuela plus the cuts implemented by OPEC and Russia , ” said Carsten Fritsch , analyst at Commerzbank . “ What is more , demand appears robust . ”
Brent LCOc1 traded as high as $ 75.27 , gaining for a sixth day , and was up 4 cents at $ 74.75 by 1315 GMT . U.S. crude CLc1 rose 3 cents to $ 68.67 , having hit its highest since Nov. 28 , 2014 on Thursday .
The United States has until May 12 to decide whether to quit a nuclear deal with Iran and reimpose sanctions against the third-largest producer in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , tightening global supplies .
“ Currently , all bets are off on the U.S. staying in the nuclear agreement , ” said Tamas Varga of oil broker PVM , who added this concern was the most significant element of Brent 's recent rally .
Stephen Innes , head of trading for Asia-Pacific at futures brokerage OANDA , said new sanctions against Tehran “ could push oil prices up as much as $ 5 per barrel ” .
OPEC 's supply curtailments and the threat of new sanctions are occurring as demand in Asia , the biggest oil-consuming region , has risen to a record .
The supply cut has virtually achieved its stated goal of reducing inventories in developed economies to their five-year average , but OPEC has shown little sign yet of wanting to wind down the deal .
The latest U.S. inventory figures are expected to show a 2.6-million-barrel drop in crude stocks .
The American Petroleum Institute , an industry group , releases its data at 4:30 p.m. EDT ( 2030 GMT ) on Tuesday , a day before the government 's supply report .
One of the factors limiting the oil rally is rising U.S. production . U.S. output , supported by high prices , has hit record levels .
Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Dale Hudson and Hugh Lawson
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders has said the vast majority of shootings in the city this year have been gang-related .
Officers in Toronto and surrounding jurisdictions laid more than 1,000 charges against 75 alleged members and associates of the Five Points Generalz street gang last month .
Police said the Generalz , linked to several shootings in the Greater Toronto Area , were `` significantly disrupted '' by the sweep , but acknowledged that gang activity would persist .
`` We realize that drugs equal easy money and that there will always be people willing to step in and fill that void , '' Acting Insp . Don Belanger said at the time .
Saunders has said he has a plan to target gangs in Toronto surgically and strategically , rather than flooding at-risk neighbourhoods with a police .
Overall , 11 people have been shot in Toronto since Friday morning when , police said , a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of her trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian , injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bicycle .
Two men associated with the local rap scene — 21-year-old Jahvante Smart , also known as Smoke Dawg , and 28-year-old Ernest Modekwe — were killed in a separate incident near Queen Street West and Spadina Avenue on Saturday evening .
And police said Wednesday that one of four people injured in a shooting in Toronto 's Kensington Market neighbourhood Sunday night had died in hospital .
Investigators have also asked for the public 's help in finding an unidentified man who fired nine shots during a dispute near King Street West and Portland Street early Tuesday morning , sending one man to hospital with a bullet wound to the hip .
Investigators said they have no description of the shooter , but they believe he is violent , armed and dangerous .
By Peter Goffin , The Canadian Press
Have your say
A man was seriously injured in a park attack by a gang of up to eight males .
Police said the victim was assaulted in Wellholme Park , Brighouse , between 11.20pm and 11.50pm last night ( Tuesday ) .
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said : `` There was an altercation and the male victim , who is in his 50s was assaulted by the males and suffered serious facial injuries .
`` The suspects fled the scene . There were believed to be seven or eight males . ''
Witness are asked to call 101 .
About 100 people have gathered in a coastal Massachusetts town following violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Three people were killed Saturday and dozens were injured as white nationalists protested the city 's decision to remove a Confederate monument . A car rammed into a crowd of protesters , killing a woman , and a state police helicopter crashed into the woods , leaving two troopers onboard dead .
Demonstrators rallied at a park in Plymouth on Sunday , with some carrying signs that read `` no place for hate '' and `` stop pretending your racism is patriotism . '' The demonstration began at around 4 p.m .
Nature
Marsha Miller
Marsha Miller
Forty years after she was discovered , Lucy , the world 's most famous fossil australopithecine , just might have a cause of death . In August of this year , a team of paleoanthropologists led by John Kappelman argued in Nature that Lucy died 3.2 million years ago by falling out of a tree . Their conclusion has been met with skepticism among fellow researchers , and Lucy 's death-by-tree-fall hypothesis has generated no shortage of debate within the scientific community of paleoanthropology .
Further Reading Doubts about whether ancient hominin Lucy fell to her death 3.18 million years ago But there 's a takeaway here that 's more significant than the study 's conclusion—this study 's approach to sharing data with the scientific community and the public at large . In a move that is in keeping with the growing trend across paleoanthropology and other sciences to open up access to data , the study 's scientists have published CT scans of Lucy 's tibia , femur , humerus , and scapula—all bones they analyzed in their study . Now , they invite colleagues , detractors , educators , and ardent fossil enthusiasts to download and print Lucy 's scans , encouraging audiences to “ evaluate the hypothesis for themselves . ”
Why was publishing Lucy 's scans so significant ? This paleoanthropology initiative does in some ways tie into to the broader movement for open access , transparency , and reproducibility in science . But does publishing fossil data actually help create knowledge within the paleoanthropological community ?
Historically , discoveries of hominins ( fossil human ancestors ) are relatively few and far between . Since every scrap of fossil has a role to play in parsing out the human evolutionary tree , paleoanthropology 's methodology depends heavily on access to those fossils in order to go about the everyday business of doing its science . Scientists depend on access to original fossils , access to casts of fossils , and access to the data taken from those fossils . And as a science that is heavily dependent on the significance of new discoveries , access is a crucial aspect of paleoanthropology 's study of human evolution . Without it , scientists are unable to test hypotheses , replicate studies , or verify conclusions—let alone ask any new questions .
Shipping not included
Over the last one hundred-plus years , access to data from fossils has functioned as a means of hierarchical gatekeeping . Those with the fossils—and hence the data—have determined who can see and study which fossils and under what circumstances . Access to fossils has been tightly controlled and , even within the science , it has been criticized as being too political and narrow in focus . ( One extreme example from paleo 's early days is the nineteenth century Dutch anatomist , Eugene Dubois . As historical rumor has it , he squirreled away hominin fossils underneath the floorboards of his house to prevent other scientists from being able to see them . If others could n't access the fossils , Dubois reasoned , then they certainly could n't cook up any conclusions that contradicted his own view of human evolution . )
Historically , fossils have been shared—and published—within the community through a variety of medias . Since an original fossil is so valuable , it simply was n't ( and still is n't ) feasible to ship an original specimen around the world for others to study . Early 20th century stereoscope plates—a way of “ seeing ” specimens in 3D—were included as appendices in anatomical studies , like Marcellin Boule 's 1911 Neanderthal tome , L'Homme de La Chapelle . Journal articles about new fossil discoveries included photographs of various hominin fossils ; comparative studies included tables that offered readers raw measurements . Creating casts of fossil hominins was perhaps the most ubiquitous and significant means of sharing fossils , and it 's a practice and industry that is still in place .
Today , however , paleoanthropologists are pushing back against this top-down type data distribution , the decades-held Dubois-esque model of data hoarding . Instead , they champion an “ open access ” model for distributing data . This open access approach , the movement 's supporters argue , is a way of embracing transparency about their study 's methods and conclusions while also increasing research and public access to fossils .
But agreeing on what to share and how to share it has proved to be particularly prickly . Access to all fossils , all the time , to do whatever one wants with the data—is that the right method ? Should downloaders need to be accountable for what they do with the data ? And who maintains the data and for how long ?
Stan Seibert ( who also printed this piece )
Stan Seibert ( who also printed this piece )
Sharing is caring
The quest to determine Lucy 's cause of death stretches back almost a decade . In 2007 , Lucy arrived in Houston , Texas , to begin a multi-year toured of the United States on loan from Ethiopia . Prior to her arrival , University of Texas at Austin paleoanthropologist John Kappelman arranged with the Ethiopian government and museum authorities to CT scan Lucy in her entirety . The scans were completed in 2008 at UT Austin 's Jackson School of Geosciences over a ten-day “ around the clock ” period .
CT scanning Lucy achieved several things . First , it created a complete and detailed digital archive of the famous fossil . Second , CT scans created a way for scientists to “ look inside ” a fossil without destroying it to do so . ( These incredibly detailed scans can show fractures that would be incredibly difficult to see with X-rays , let alone the naked eye . ) Finally , scanning Lucy opened up the possibility of sharing her digital self with a variety of audiences .
Through elucy.org , a person can now apply for a digital copy of the four bones—the femur , humerus , tibia , and scapula—that the research team has posted with permission of the Ethiopian authorities . ( One of the scans is that of an early cast of the femur , as researchers feel that 's a better example of the bone pertinent to their research . ) Since the scans were posted , they have collectively been downloaded 462 times .
Lucy is just the latest of digital fossil models rapidly making its way across the Internet from research labs to personal 3D printers . Other publicly accessible fossils include the newly discovered species Homo naledi and the AfricanFossils.org project . All these initiatives offer different licensing agreements , include different quality of scans , and reflect the different expectations of researchers and institutions .
African Fossils functions as a digital repository for multiple paleo-sciences—chronicling paleoanthropological and archaeological research in East Africa 's Turkana Basin region . The website , touted as a virtual laboratory , has posted scans of fossils and stone tool artifacts , and the organization maintains an online discussion about East African evolutionary research . It also has meticulously documented its scanning equipment and methodology .
MorphoSource , operated in conjunction with Duke University , has championed the easy accessibility of their website . The group notes that within three months of Homo naledi 3D scans being posted , they were viewed a 43,000 times and were downloaded an additional 7,600 times . Historically , it 'd be nearly impossible to find any other fossil assemblage that has been seen by so many people , let alone within such a short amount of time .
Challenges
Benefits of this increased access are readily apparent . Prints from 3D fossil scans are popping up across graduate and undergraduate university courses . “ At UW-Madison we printed scanned fossils out for teaching , public outreach , and research projects '' paleoanthropologist Caroline VanSickle said of her time with UW-Madison 's research group . John Mead , a middle school science teacher at St. Marks School of Texas in Dallas , uses prints in many of his classes . “ As soon as Homo naledi went live on MorphoSource , we printed out mandibles for students to examine , ” he said . “ The science becomes much more real to students when they can handle something. ” Further Reading Open access : All human knowledge is there—so why ca n't everybody access it ?
This approach is changing a century 's worth of methodological assumptions about access in paleoanthropology , both scientifically and publicly . “ There 's an appeal of the empiricism that scans and prints offer , ” paleoanthropologist John Hawks remarked . “ With them , you can easily replicate a study 's methodology and check conclusions . There 's a sense that ‘ anyone can see ' what we 're doing as scientists . ”
It feels like open access to 3D fossil scans is democratizing the creation of new scientific knowledge . But , as with all methods of data sharing , there are tradeoffs—logistical , intellectual , financial , and social .
Good data collection is a really hard part of science . It requires time , resources , expertise , and patience . It also requires that the data be prepped in order for it to be analyzed . If a group is pressured into releasing data to the broader community without the chance to first analyze it themselves , it does n't feel…fair . If scientists have spent their time and resources on collecting data , this argument goes , those collectors ought to be able to keep the data to themselves for at least some period of time , if that 's what they want .
Scientists worry about the life of the data—whether or not there 's a sense of accountability that 's implicit in data once it 's published . If barriers to accessing data are dropped , it 's possible for that data to be inadvertently contributing to bad science . And whether the data is appropriated for out-and-out pseudoscience or whether it 's simply the basis for sloppy analysis , the line between data collection and later use of that data is often blurred , particularly in the public eye .
In addition to worrying about the afterlife of their data , many researchers are concerned about the potential for piracy and commercial use of the scans . Having committed significant amounts of time and grant resources , no one wants to see profit being made off of the fossils . The elucy.org user agreement , for example , requires that those who download Lucy 's scans do not use them for commercial purposes as well as stipulating that elucy.org can ask— “ in the future ” —what a person has done with the scans .
Moreover , scans of fossils could have the potential of cutting into other economies around the life of fossil hominins , such as the market for fossil casts and physical replicas . For institutions like the Kenya National Museum , casting laboratories are important parts of the museum 's social and scientific fabric . Technicians are highly trained specialists—often from local communities—who fear their livelihoods being printed away , one scan at a time .
Today , there continues to be a multitude of logistical obstacles that stand in the way of “ open access ” to data . Scanning and posting fossils requires a commitment of time and IT resources to host the data—whether it 's through museums , research institutions , or universities . However , this could be an opportunity to recoup some of the roles lost should more research move in this open-source direction . “ I would like to see digital curation emerge as a field of specialization , ” VanSickle said . “ This would be invaluable in helping establish ‘ best practices ' for the digital life of data going forward . ”
Good science , good policy
There seems to be a growing sense that , yes , “ open access ” is “ good ” because it lets researchers accomplish and share so much science . This commitment is breaking down barriers within and beyond the scientific community by allowing more researchers to access fossil data in a timelier manner without having to have the “ blessing ” or “ permission ” of those who collected it . But just how the open access of fossils ought to be achieved is still very much a work in progress . Simply saying that scientists should “ open everything up ” as a standard practice remains disingenuous for now , because that line of thought dismisses the complexity of the social and cultural life of data this community continues to work through .
“ At the end of the day , policies about data are the result of decisions that we 've made , ” Hawks argues . “ If we want things to be different , we need to choose for that to be the case , and then work on finding ways to implement those new decisions . ”
As the expectation for fossils to be more readily available grows within paleoanthropology , researchers will need to strike the balance of accessibility with the costs associated with prepping and scanning the fossils . Whether or not Lucy 's death-by-tree-fall conclusion withstands continued scientific scrutiny , the study is a commitment to transparency in methodology and analysis . Publishing a fossil as famous as Lucy matters all the more in the open access debate because these famous fossils carry cultural cachet that can set expectations and trends in the paleo-community . Lucy 's celebrity means that it has the potential to define the standards for new scientific practices and certainly for what constitutes “ good science ” just as with the Homo naledi fossils .
The current push to open up access to fossils is changing the paradigms of science that have underpinned paleoanthropology for over a century—and it 's largely changed for the better .
Listing image by Stan Seibert ( who also printed this piece )
An internationally recognised Christian songwriter , musician and worship leader Matt Maher will perform at this year 's Aotearoa Catholic Youth Festival in Auckland .
Festival highlights include a Mass on the Saturday night and the chance to participate in music and prayer led by Maher .
There will also be a wide range of other activities , including workshops , a cultural showcase and interactive experiences .
Maher was born in Canada and now lives in Nashville .
Since his 2008 major label debut , Maher has become a staple in the artistic and songwriting community .
A five time-GRAMMY nominee , he has garnered multiple radio successes writing and recording songs .
He says he is excited about the opportunity to come to New Zealand not only to share his music and and leadership but also to learn from the locals .
Hosted by the New Zealand Catholic Bishops Conference , the festival is aimed at those aged between 15 and 29 years of age .
It will be led by young people with many youth organisations from around the country collaborating to present it .
The organisers expect upwards of 500 people to attend .
“ We are delighted to invite Matt Maher and his band to join us in Aotearoa New Zealand to celebrate the work of God in and through young people , ” Bishop Patrick Dunn , President of the New Zealand Catholic Bishops Conference .
“ His music , faith , and presence among us later this year will be a challenge for all young people to be inspired to use their own God-given gifts when they return home to their local communities . ”
After the festival Maher will perform for the Christian community of Auckland at the Victory Convention Centre , Freemans Bay , Auckland .
The festival will run from Saturday 2 December to Sunday 3 December 2017 . It will be held at St Mary 's College at St Mary 's Bay in Auckland .
Registration opens 15 July and concert tickets will go on sale 1 August .
Source
News category : New Zealand .
Before Voting Begins , A Look At Alabama 's Special Senate Election One of the most contested and high-profile special Senate elections of recent times is drawing to a close in Alabama . A day before voting begins , a look at where Republican Roy Moore stands against Democrat Doug Jones .
Before Voting Begins , A Look At Alabama 's Special Senate Election Elections Before Voting Begins , A Look At Alabama 's Special Senate Election Before Voting Begins , A Look At Alabama 's Special Senate Election Audio will be available later today . One of the most contested and high-profile special Senate elections of recent times is drawing to a close in Alabama . A day before voting begins , a look at where Republican Roy Moore stands against Democrat Doug Jones . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A kind-hearted couple who had saved up some money to go out on the town on New Year 's Eve cancelled their plans after deciding their cash would be better spent helping the homeless instead .
Stacey Fordham and Paul Gray , from Cardiff , had booked a table at a restaurant to celebrate the end of 2016 with a nice meal when they began reflecting on their lovely Christmas .
The couple had originally planned to see in the new year with a meal on Friday night to escape the mayhem of New Year 's Eve , Wales Online reports .
But Stacey said their decision was `` simple '' once they started thinking about how much they had eaten , the lovely presents they had bought and their exciting plans for 2017 .
Cancelling their reservation , they chose to spend the money they would have used on dinner and drinks to help the homeless people in Cardiff .
The generous pair bought waterproof jackets , waterproof trousers , hoodies , bobble hats , gloves , socks , water , deodorant and chocolate treats for those less fortunate .
Stacey told Wales Online : `` We headed back into the city centre as soon as it got dark , carrying three bags and we started our search - which did n't take long .
( Photo : Wales Online )
`` Tucked in doorways and laying across freezing cold wet floors were men , women and even teenagers .
`` We stopped and took the time to have conversations as well as giving them what we had to keep them warm . All were beyond appreciative . But instead of the warm fuzzy feel-good feeling we had expected we felt worse . We wished we could have given more .
`` When driving home we both realised that you do n't have to have a huge bank balance to be able to help others . You have to make a simple sacrifice , which let 's be honest is n't a sacrifice at all !
`` Instead of having your grande decaf latte from Starbucks or Chinese takeaway - use the money to buy something that will really make a difference . Something that is so much more heartfelt that just a donation via a website .
`` If everyone in Cardiff made one simple sacrifice we could change the lives of so many people who live on the streets of our city . ''
( Photo : Wales Online )
The couple have decided to do something nice for the homeless at least once a month and are urging other people in the city to make donations .
`` Whether it 's warm clothing or a hot meal , if you 'd like to help us with our next delivery please email thatcardiffgirl @ outlook.com . ''
Last week a homeless man , named as 'Gary ' , went viral after finding a stranger 's bags of shopping , worth £200 , and returning them to the store in a bid to find the owner .
The man who had lost his shopping was so touched by the gesture , he started an online appeal to help Gary find a job .
After a fundraising page was set up for Gary , support has gone `` through the roof '' for the rough sleeper with people desperate to donate .
Darren Galvin created the GoFundMe page , which has raised over a thousand pounds , after seeing Lewis 's heartwarming Facebook post .
Darren said : `` I set up the GoFundMe page to get a bit of help for Gary , a deposit on a flat , clothes etc , but I 've been inundated with offers from the whole of Liverpool to help him get on his feet .
`` I 've been wanting to help the homeless and this story was so incredible it spurred me on to actually do something .
`` I did n't realise it would get so big . At first people were sceptical about whether the story was real or fake but Greenwoods confirmed it happened . ''
Rep. Carol Shea-Porter ( D-NH ) announced that she will not seek re-election in 2018 , saying that “ the time has come in my life to pause and decide on a different path , ” the Boston Globe reports .
“ Her decision is a political bombshell with national implications . At a time when Democrats are looking to win back a majority in the House , Shea-Porter is one of the few Democrats holding office in a district that Republican Donald Trump won last year . ”
Soccer : Lavezzi double keeps Hebei 's Asian hopes alive
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017 , 21:44 IST
By Michael Church
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - - Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice as Manuel Pellegrini 's Hebei CFFC kept their hopes of a place in next year 's Asian Champions League alive with a 2-0 win over Tianjin Teda on Monday evening .
The Argentinian striker 's brace moved Hebei up to fifth in the standings and just two points behind Shandong Luneng , who occupy the third and final qualifying berth for next year 's continental championship .
Lavezzi gave Hebei the lead after 25 minutes when he volleyed the ball home from eight yards ( metres ) out . Nine minutes into the second half he then doubled his side 's advantage with a low shot from outside the area .
`` The three points is important for us as we returned to fifth place on the rankings , sharing the same points with Beijing and Guangzhou R & F , '' said Pellegrini . `` We will face these two teams at home and we have 24 more points to fight for . These three points today are crucial . ''
Shandong Luneng moved into third place after Graziano Pelle scored twice in his side 's 5-0 thrashing of Shanghai Shenhua , while Guizhou Zhicheng stalled Guangzhou R & F 's impressive run with a 2-0 win over Dragan Stojkovic 's side .
Roger Schmidt kept his unbeaten start to life at Beijing Guoan intact with a 4-0 win over Liaoning Whowin and Changchun Yatai shared the points with last-placed Yanbian Funde in a 1-1 draw .
Guangzhou Evergrande , meanwhile , continue to lead the standings by five points from Shanghai SIPG as Luiz Felipe Scolari 's team began life without Barcelona-bound midfielder Paulinho .
The Brazilian has been his club 's standout performer this season but the defending champions managed to pick up all three points against Henan Jianye , despite his absence , with a 2-1 win that takes the club another step closer to a seventh consecutive league title .
`` Before the match we knew it would be very difficult , '' Scolari said . `` Henan is a very well-organised team and their defensive line was very good .
`` Today we were too anxious to score goals , and that anxiety did n't do us any good with our final shot . But of course in the end we gained what we wanted . ''
SIPG , meanwhile , kept pace with Scolari 's team thanks to an 88th minute winner from Wu Lei as Andre Villas-Boas ' side notched up a 3-2 victory over Chongqing Lifan .
The teams traded goals in a seesaw game that saw former Chelsea striker Oscar return after serving an eight-game ban for his part in instigating a brawl during SIPG 's draw with Guangzhou R & F in May .
Hulk put SIPG in front from the penalty spot only for Hyuri to level for Chongqing . Odil Ahmedov put Shanghai back in front before Liu Huan looked to have secured a point for the visitors in the 87th minute , only for Wu to score the winner a minute later .
`` We had the chance to finish the game at an earlier stage but we did n't convert our chances , '' said Villas-Boas .
`` Our scoring efficiency was not good enough , which will make things more difficult in later games . However , what satisfied me was that we eventually won . The three points are super important to us , '' he said .
( Reporting by Michael Church , editing by Gareth Jones )
Can America Survive The Complete And Utter Destruction These People Are About To Bring Down On This Nation ? By Susan Duclos – All News PipeLine
While many of us can look around on a daily basis and find examples of societal breakdown , from morals , to ethics , to sexual assault and pedophilia being covered up by Hollywood , media industries , and the higher levels of congress , the complete and utter destruction , if we are not nuked or attacked with an EMP in the next ten years , will come from the Millennial generation , the snowflakes in college now or who have managed to complete college and are now living in their parents basements .
Sound overly dramatic or far-fetched ? Read on .
WE WERE WARNED……… .
On January 10 , 1963 Honorable A.S. Herlong of Florida , read into the congressional record , Current Communist Goals , on behalf of Mrs. Patricia Nordman of De Land , Fla , who was a virulent opponent of Communism . Those goals were excerpted from “ The Naked Communist , ” by Cleon Skousen . These were read into the congressional record as a warning of the dangers of communism in America .
While there are 45 different goal , a large majority of them have been fulfilled , with others no longer applicable , but looking at the goals themselves , it shows a long-term plan to turn America into a communist society , including infiltrating both political parties , and the educational system , media and Hollywood .
15 . Capture one or both of the political parties in the United States .
16 . Use technical decisions of the courts to weaken basic American institutions by claiming their activities violate civil rights .
17 . Get control of the schools . Use them as transmission belts for socialism and current Communist propaganda . Soften the curriculum . Get control of teachers ' associations . Put the party line in textbooks .
18 . Gain control of all student newspapers .
19 . Use student riots to foment public protests against programs or organizations which are under Communist attack .
20 . Infiltrate the press . Get control of book-review assignments , editorial writing , policymaking positions .
21 . Gain control of key positions in radio , TV , and motion pictures .
22 . Continue discrediting American culture by degrading all forms of artistic expression . An American Communist cell was told to “ eliminate all good sculpture from parks and buildings , substitute shapeless , awkward and meaningless forms . ”
23 . Control art critics and directors of art museums . “ Our plan is to promote ugliness , repulsive , meaningless art . ”
24 . Eliminate all laws governing obscenity by calling them “ censorship ” and a violation of free speech and free press .
25 . Break down cultural standards of morality by promoting pornography and obscenity in books , magazines , motion pictures , radio , and TV .
26 . Present homosexuality , degeneracy and promiscuity as “ normal , natural , healthy . ”
27 . Infiltrate the churches and replace revealed religion with “ social ” religion . Discredit the Bible and emphasize the need for intellectual maturity which does not need a “ religious crutch . ”
28 . Eliminate prayer or any phase of religious expression in the schools on the ground that it violates the principle of “ separation of church and state . ”
29 . Discredit the American Constitution by calling it inadequate , old-fashioned , out of step with modern needs , a hindrance to cooperation between nations on a worldwide basis .
30 . Discredit the American Founding Fathers . Present them as selfish aristocrats who had no concern for the “ common man . ”
Those are just a small sample , the rest can be read here .
Keeping in mind that this was read into the record in 1963 , we can see that not only was this a long term plan to destroy America , looking at the world today , especially what has been happening in the U.S. , it has also been largely successful , as almost all you see above is favored by Democrats in Congress , showing that one party has indeed already been captured , and with the RINO 's ( Republicans In Name Only ) on the Republican side , the other party has been infiltrated .
Communists infiltrating the court system , the political parties , the educational system , Hollywood , the media , all has led to what we are seeing around us right now .
No one can say we were not warned and blindly allowed it all to happen .
THIS IS A WORLD WIDE CRISIS
While we are mainly focusing on the deteriorating conditions in America in this article , it does bear noting that 1 ) It is not just happening in America , and ; 2 ) The ramifications will be felt world wide .
In the UK , Snowflake millennials , or as Steve Quayle recently called them after they claimed that being called snowflakes has a negative effect on their “ mental health “ , ‘ Blizzard Babies ' throwing a snowstorm , which largely mimics what American Millennials claim , are the final phase of the plan to capture America .
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
This one is overtly Navy-themed . I just could n't figure out a way to talk about this in different terms .
People who do n't really understand the Navy often ask me what I do . When I was in medicine , the answer was easy . I had a technical trade with a title that everyone understood . Nowadays , it 's a little harder . A simplified but honest description for my job is to make the organization and the people in it successful .
I 'm not trying to sound like a recruiter here , but my organization does a lot of things right . The instance that has me all warm and fuzzy today is that we take career development seriously . At every ship and station , there 's someone whose primary responsibility is career counseling . As a matter of fact , career counseling is its own profession for us . That person 's job is to talk to everyone about career options , special programs , transfers , and commissioning opportunities . Since this Navy gig is the only full-time job I 've ever had , I 'm not sure if everyone else has this , but I hope you do .
This career counselor sits with me more than he 'd probably like so we can talk about our people , their choices , and what direction they should be led . I 'd be crippled without him . For larger commands , the counselor even has assistants in each department to make sure everyone has that one person they can start asking questions to , and that 's just the beginning .
Also , in our organizational culture , every person in a uniform like mine is expected to take an active role in making our junior personnel successful . For those who want to promote towards where I am , they are measured specifically by how many of their juniors they make successful in some way .
But wait , there 's more !
On top of making an entire group of people professional career counselors , giving them assistants , and tasking the senior enlisted tier with making our people successful , every person is required to have a meeting with certain people at various times in their tour to talk about career development .
On a regular schedule , everyone has to sit with a group of people whose sole purpose for that meeting is to talk about one person 's career , what the organization expects , and how to benefit from all we have to offer . We help set reasonable goals and are required to talk about money , school , retirement planning , transitioning to civilian life , and special opportunities . Even now , after 24 years , I have someone who sits with me in a formal capacity to talk about my career and how to be successful .
Mind you , this is n't the annual evaluation or the mid-year counseling . This is entirely different , because career development does n't always follow a set path . As much as possible , we try to make it about the individual . Sounds too good to be true , you say ? For us , it 's the expectation .
I use a phrase regularly that was preached to me as I learned my way ahead : Their success is your success . To this day , that statement remains true . My people 's success is still my success , even at the top of the rank structure . The only way I can make the organization successful is to make the people in it successful as well .
We did n't have this formal career development program when I first joined . I remember when these boards first became mandatory and I was forced to attend . I had to stop whatever I was doing to listen to a bunch of people I did n't really respect lecture me about a bunch of stuff I did n't need to hear . Believe it or not , I got nothing out of those meetings . These boards only work when both sides participate , and no one will take your career growth seriously until you do . When I finally started listening to the people who wanted to see me successful , great things started happening .
We have guidance and career counselors in high school and college , but what about now , in the workforce , when we need them most ? I hope your organization has some group or person dedicated to talking about individual careers . If not , there are other options .
We all have someone in our lives who want us to be successful . They may be traditional mentors or people assigned above us , or they may be friends and family . Find those people , talk with them , and listen . They 're trying to make you successful .
– Who in your organization has a vested interest in seeing you be successful ? Have you sat down with that person ?
– More importantly , because you can control this part , who do you have a vested interest in making successful , and have you sat down with that person to talk about his or her future ?
Have a great week out there .
– JT
By Cass R. Sunstein
Bloomberg View
President Donald Trump 's `` Executive Order on Reducing Poverty in America '' has produced the expected political reactions . Because it focuses on saving taxpayer money and strengthening work requirements for federal programs , many conservatives are celebrating it , while many progressives have attacked it as punitive and dehumanizing .
As it turns out , it 's a lot more interesting and subtle than either side has seen - and potentially more constructive .
As one of its `` Principles of Economic Mobility , '' the executive order emphasizes the importance of helping five groups that struggle to find employment -- single parents , the formerly incarcerated , the homeless , substance abusers and `` disconnected youth . '' The emphasis on these groups makes perfect sense in light of the findings of the best book on poverty in the last decade : `` Scarcity , '' by Sendhil Mullainathan and Eldar Shafir .
Mullainathan and Shafir argue that when you are poor , a big part of the problem is cognitive : You have to focus on how to deal with your immediate economic situation . You do n't have a lot of time for anything else .
In that respect , being poor is a lot like being hungry , lonely or extremely busy . Your current circumstances take over your mind . That means that you are likely to neglect other matters ( including the long-term ) . It also means that unwelcome , unanticipated problems and tasks ( say , a health issue or an obligation to deal with the public authorities ) can impose an unbearable toll .
Mullainathan and Shafir help explain why Trump 's five groups find it unusually challenging to find and keep good jobs . If you are a single parent , you have to focus on childrearing . If you were incarcerated , you face continuing stigma and suspicion .
Related problems are faced by homeless people , substance abusers and young people who lack social networks that provide essential information and emotional support . In a section that reads as if based directly on Mullainathan 's and Shafir 's work , Trump 's order refers specifically to the importance of `` strong social networks as a way of sustainably escaping poverty . ''
The order directs government agencies to act in accordance with its `` principles of economic mobility , '' and also to review existing regulations and guidance documents to ensure that they are consistent with those principles . For the agencies , an immediate priority should be to look at increasing the availability of the Earned Income Tax Credit , which provides a strong incentive to work , and which is especially valuable for single parents .
Too few people who qualify for the EITC take advantage of it . According to some estimates , 25 percent of eligible Americans ( perhaps as many as 6.7 million people ) do not apply for the benefit , even though it could have a major impact on their lives .
An excellent step would be for the Internal Revenue Service to provide eligible Americans with multiple reminders , offering information that is both simple and personally relevant .
More generally , Trump 's order is an occasion for improving the take-up rate for many programs designed to help people to find work . In view of what we know from Mullainathan and Shafir , the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , in collaboration with Cabinet agencies , should undertake a sustained review of existing paperwork and reporting requirements , which sometimes have the unintended consequence of undermining programs designed to promote economic opportunity .
According to the most recent federal report , the American public spends an astonishing ( and disgraceful ) 9.78 billion hours on federal paperwork each year . The Treasury Department ( meaning the IRS , mostly ) is responsible for nearly 7 billion of those hours ; the Department of Health and Human Services accounts for over 600 million .
There is no question that poor people -- seeking education , training and jobs -- are often deterred and stymied by form-filling burdens and reporting requirements from federal , state and local governments . Trump 's executive order should be taken as an occasion for radical simplification . It should also be a basis for an effort to reduce occupational licensing requirements , which make it unnecessarily hard or even impossible for people to enter the workforce .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt can be seen as the founder of the modern welfare state , and he was full of compassion for poor people . Indeed , he called for a Second Bill of Rights , including a right to a decent home , adequate medical care and `` protection from the economic fears of old age , sickness , accident and unemployment . ''
But Roosevelt was also an advocate of the importance of work , and his programs were generally designed to encourage it . `` When any man or woman goes on a dole , '' Roosevelt said , `` something happens to them mentally , and the quicker they are taken off the dole the better it is for them the rest of their lives . ''
In keeping with Roosevelt 's plea , Trump 's executive order directs officials to track whether measures are actually helping people to escape poverty by finding jobs and avoiding long-term dependence . It also calls for information-sharing , so that states and localities can learn from successes and failures .
What an excellent idea . With a clear focus on the most vulnerable among us , it 's past time for a sustained attack on existing barriers to entry into the job market -- emphatically including those of the government 's own making .
With just over 12 months to go until the yet to be titled Fantastic Beasts sequel is released , little snippets of what to expect have begun to make their way onto social media , giving fans plenty to puzzle over until the movie 's release next November . And now a Pottermore casting announcement has got us even more intrigued .
Alongside the first image from the movie , Pottermore 's latest casting announcement — following the news that Jude Law has been cast as young Dumbledore — is a pretty awesome throwback to the original series , and possibly offers fans a little more insight into what to expect .
Alongside a slew of new characters , the big news is that actor Brontis Jodorowsky has been cast as Nicolas Flamel — the alchemist who achieved immortality . As you 'll remember , Nicolas Flamel was a large part of the very first Harry Potter story , as he was the man who created the Sorcerer 's Stone . It was this stone that Voldemort and Quirrell sought out during Harry 's first year at Hogwarts , and it was after that disaster that Flamel decided to destroy the stone , despite it keeping him alive for the last 690 years . In 1927 — when Fantastic Beasts 2 is set — Flamel would be going on 640 .
Dumbledore and Flamel have been friends for many years , so it 's not a surprise that he would have been around while Dumbledore and Newt Scamander ( Eddie Redmayne ) are battling Grindelwald ( Johnny Depp ) . According to # Pottermore , further cast members include Wolf Roth as a character called Spielman , Victoria Yeates as Bunty , Derek Riddell as Torquil Travers , Poppy Corby-Tuech as Rosier , and Cornell S John as Arnold Guzman . For fans , the surnames 'Travers ' and 'Rosier ' should stand out , as they 're also the names of two of Voldemort 's Death Eaters .
Furthermore , Harry Potter superfan and star of The Incredible Jessica James , Jessica Williams , and Brooklyn actress Fiona Glascott , have also joined the cast as two unnamed characters .
According to a statement made by Warner Bros. , the movie takes place a few months after Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them ended , and will Grindelwald 's escape from prison and the hunt to find him :
J.K. Rowling wrote the screenplay for the film , which opens in 1927 , a few months after Newt helped to unveil and capture the infamous Dark Wizard Gellert Grindelwald . However , as he promised he would , Grindelwald has made a dramatic escape and has been gathering more followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings . The only one who might be able to stop him is the wizard he once called his dearest friend , Albus Dumbledore . But Dumbledore will need help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before , his former student Newt Scamander . The adventure reunites Newt with Tina , Queenie and Jacob , but his mission will also test their loyalties as they face new perils in an increasingly dangerous and divided wizarding world .
Fantastic Beasts 2 is slated to hit theaters Novermber 16 , 2018 .
Which character are you excited to see in Fantastic Beasts 2 ? Let us know in the comments !
India 's Prodigal Son
An article about India 's second highest blind chess player-Darpan Inani
devanshi rathi TOP CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018 , 18:09 IST 44 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
We see black , white , red , blue , and almost everything around us . However , this young man from Vadodara , Gujarat ca n't get this simple pleasure of life . Yet , he has put this aside and done the unthinkable- winning the bronze medal at the World Junior Blind Chess Championships in Serbia in 2013 . This was the first time ever that an Indian had won an individual medal at this event .
Darpan Inani , some of you might recall from the film 'Algorithms ' , is now 24 years old and is looking to make a comeback to the game after a gap of about eight months in the Commonwealth Chess Championships,2018 in New Delhi . Inani started playing the game when he was 13 and has won numerous laurels . These include being the youngest to win the National Blind Premier in 2010 , representing the country in four World Blind Chess Championships , winning the Gujarat State chess tournaments in the normal category , and interacting with India 's world champion Vishy Anand . He also won the strong Chennai Open in 2011 amongst a pool of over 300 players , proving that he could compete against any normally sighted player .
Apart from these achievements , what strikes one 's curiosity the most is the fact that Darpan is 100 % visually challenged , getting the Steven Johnson Syndrome when he was only four years old . This means that he takes 1.5 times the amount of time to do anything than any of us . He needs a person to accompany him wherever he goes , raising his expenses by double . Despite these shortfalls , Darpan has managed to achieve an international FIDE ELO rating of 1969 , just six points shy of the current India number one . His highest rating was 2053 , which he achieved in November 2013 . Looking at his career statistics , Inani has accomplished these feats at most normal tournaments , not just the ones that are specially meant for the blind .
How can he do all of this ? Well , put simply , he says , ' I realized my prime source of motivation at a very early stage in life – the satisfaction that comes after determinedly facing life 's challenges and emerging victorious ! This is because I have had the opportunity to deal with numerous challenges since my childhood itself . I was born as an absolute normal child , but at the age of 3 , I fell victim to Stevens-Johnson syndrome ( a rare life-threatening condition ) and lost my sight completely . It often happens that the very best of our capabilities and inner strengths are tested and brought to light when we confront adversities . No matter how hard the times were , I would never give up till my goal was achieved . As I grew up , the same attitude reflected in my curricular and extracurricular pursuits . '
These achievements raise eyeballs but there are more accomplishments to this bright lad 's name . He is juggling his career as a chartered accountant as well and has appeared for his CA Finals in May 2018 . He had secured a 99.75 % in his grade 12 board exams and secured admission into most of the IIMs except Ahmedabad . These academic achievements coupled with the ones on the 64-squares makes one stumped with curiosity . In his own words to me , Darpan showed his positive energy in life and said , 'The most appealing thing about chess for me is that it is the only sport , which gives visually impaired persons an opportunity to compete with their sighted counterparts on an equal footing , without any modification in the rules . ' This sentence fills one 's mind with joy and passion for the game even more .
As Darpan , the new brand ambassador for Project Checkmate , now looks to make that come-back , all our 'eyes ' are set on him to conquer the inevitable yet again .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola believes Raheem Sterling can handle the Premier League 's hate brigade .
He insists Sterling is strong enough to deal with the taunts of rival supporters ahead of Saturday 's return to Burnley for the first top flight game of the weekend .
When he lasts played at Turf Moor , 15 months ago , Manchester City 's England star was goaded with chants of , “ You 've let your country down ” over his role in their Euro 2016 failure .
The abuse appeared to get to Sterling , who was anonymous ­on the day before being forced off injured ­following a tackle by Ben Mee — to the delight of the Clarets fans .
( Image : Getty )
Sterling also seemed cowed when targeted by Liverpool fans at Anfield during last month 's 4-3 ­defeat , and he has yet to play well away to his former club .
But Guardiola rejected any ­suggestion the 23-year-old is not mentally tough enough and pointed to his overall return of 19 goals and six ­assists , which show he is enjoying his best season .
“ I do n't remember Burnley last time , ” said the City boss . “ At Anfield I can understand , he was there [ as a Liverpool player ] and ­sometimes emotional things come out .
( Image : PA Wire )
“ He 's young and I think he 's shown amazing things at ­difficult stages this season , playing at a good level home and away .
“ I do n't think he 's a guy who is scared to take responsibility , I think he showed many , many good things this season in those terms . ”
Guardiola played down Sterling 's ­disappointing display at Burnley last time .
“ No , I do n't think too much about that , ” he said . “ Burnley away is a complicated game — and every away game is complicated .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ But I have n't considered that . Every player can play not good , it 's not a problem . ”
Sterling accepts the abuse from Liverpool fans , but is baffled by the hostility he encounters at other clubs .
“ The Liverpool one I understand , ” he told talkSPORT . “ I 'm a player that came through there and they were massive for me . I just felt at the time it was the right thing , they see it ­different .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
“ When I go to other grounds , I get booed and I think , ‘ Why are you lot getting involved ? ' Sometimes you see it as a laugh and I do n't take it seriously .
“ Like Cardiff [ in the FA Cup last weekend ] , it 's a bit weird and they 're trying to get me off my game , to think negative . It does n't faze me any more . ”
Guardiola wants one last effort from his battered and weary players before the rare luxury of three days off .
He has not put any restrictions on what they do with that free time , even though Sergio Aguero broke a rib in a taxi crash after flying to Amsterdam to attend a gig in September .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ They can travel , do whatever they want , ” he said .
“ For three days they have to forget a little about football .
“ We need a break . Not just the players , but the staff , the ­physios , everybody . It was a tough , tough period in winter . ”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
PLANS for a major residential lot subdivision on the North Lismore are finally moving forward .
THE developer behind a major residential subdivision on North Lismore plateau is hoping to lodge a development application with Lismore City Council by the end of this month .
Winten Property Group plans to build between 400 to 450 lots on the plateau in one of the biggest residential subdivisions for Lismore in years .
Winten development manager Jim Punch said the company was very close to lodging its final development application for the project .
A final layout plan for the site has already been submitted with the council prior to the formal DA submission .
Once in council 's hands , the formal public exhibition process of the development will get underway .
Assuming the project is approved , it 's anticipated that construction would start as soon as October .
The development is seen as a major step forward in the urban development of Lismore , which has long been confined to Goonellabah in the east .
Winten Property Group owns one of three parcels of land on the plateau . The other two parcels are owned by Lismore City Council , and a consortium called The Plateau Group , which togethe could potentially develop an additional 1000 lots .
The Winten estate will be released to the market in 50-lot stages .
Mr Punch also said claims that a rock wall on the plateau site was of Aboriginal heritage had been comprehensively refuted by heritage consultants .
Vote in our poll : Should this 'ancient ' rock wall be saved ?
This included statements collected from a local farmer who recalled helping build one of the rock walls several decades ago .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Drama unfolded at Bristol Airport this afternoon after the departures lounge was evacuated .
An emergency alarm was set off by an unusual burning smell drifting through the room .
Passengers waiting for take off were evacuated from the lounge while engineers investigated the odour .
Although the alarm caused initial panic , one passenger tweeted they believed the scent was coming from the Starbucks coffee shop in the lounge .
( Image : @ daveih Twitter )
The evacuation was ultimately brief and the evacuees were quickly allowed to re-enter the building .
The airport 's social media team later tweeted to apologise to those affected .
They wrote : `` We apologise to passengers for the brief evacuation of the departure lounge . Engineers were on site investigating the earlier alarm activation and remain on site .
`` Passengers are now safely back in the terminal and normal flight operations are continuing . ''
It is not known whether any flights have been delayed or cancelled as a result of the evacuation but operations are no continuing as normal .
Nick Curly headlines at The Solstice 's SolGardens Sessions on Saturday night .
Friday 6th
Live Music
The Crown , Lincoln Road : THE GUARDS . 9pm
Tallington Lakes Leisure Park , Tallington : THE RETURNS . 8.45pm .
Peterborough Conservative Club : Rhiannon Rae at 8.30pm . Free Entry .
Charters : Another Girl Another Planet , 10:30pm . Female fronted covers band that will have you all singing along to a wide variety of hits .
Clubs/DJ
Brewery Tap : Soul Collective , DJ 's Mick Mckenna , Lady J and guest DJ Ian Pass playing 70s rare groove through to modern soul – vinyl only - free entry 8pm – late ( Tap Room ) .
Sawtry Club : Rock and roll night , 8pm to 11.30pm
Saturday 7th
Live Music
The Crown , Lincoln Road : FIRED UP . 9pm
The Burghley Square Club , Burghley Road : ANOTHER GIRL ANOTHER PLANET . 7.30pm . ( Sue Ryder Charity Event , £10 per Ticket + Disco + Raffle ) .
The Lincolnshire Poacher , Spalding : Stealer .
The Bluebell , Dogsthorpe : TIGER CLUB . 9pmClubs/DJ
Parkway Club , Maskew Ave : PHOENIX SHOW BAND . 8-15 till late.Everyone welcome .
Peterborough Conservative Club : Tiger Bay Too at 8.30pm . Guests £2 .
Whittlesey Library : Pennyless at 7pm . Entry £6 .
Clubs/DJs
Charters : What the Funk ! With DJ JO G from 9:30pm , free entry .
Brewery Tap : Saturday Night Groove with resident DJ Rick Allen , playing a great selection of hits form the 70s to the present day accompanied by videos on the large screen . Free entry 9pm – late .
Solstice , Northminster : SolGarden Sessions brings you the one and only Nick Curly ( Pictured ) making his debut appearance in Peterborough . He will be joined by resident DJ 's Phil Drummond & Alex Vacca .
Mama Liz 's , Stamford : EHS – Funk / Hip Hop / Reggae / Groove – 9pm – Free
Sunday 8th
Live Music
Charters : Sunday Session with Bon & Justin , live in the bar from 3pm – free entry , family friendly .
Parkway Club , Maskew Ave : CALICO ( Line Dancing ) . 7-30 till 10-30pm.Pa y on the door . Everyone welcome .
Peterborough Conservative Club : Thrillbillies at 8.00pm . Free Entry .
Mama Lizs , Stamford : Pennyless from 4pm - 6pm .
dance night
Peterborough Regional College : Social cance featuring the Mighty Wurlitzer and an electronic organ , played by Nicholas Martin . The evening starts at 7pm , ( doors open at 6.30 ) and goes on until 10pm . Admission is jst £5 and everyone is welcome , whether you dance or not . For further information contact Paul on 01733 844497 .
Karaoke
Carpenters Arms , Coates : 8pm
Monday 9th
Live Music - open mic
Charters : What the Thunder Said ! Spoken Word Open Mic Night 8pm – free entry £10 bar prize for the audience 's favourite act .
Tuesday
Live Music
Pizza Parlour and Music Cafe : Open mic session hosted by Anna Radford from 7pm to 10pm .
Quizzes
Hungry Horse , Halcyon , Westwood : Quiz night and play your cards right ,
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Record producer Suge Knight has claimed that Dr Dre tried to pay someone $ 20,000 to have him killed .
But the rapper has rubbished the claims , with his lawyers calling the allegations `` absurd '' .
In legal documents obtained by TMZ , Suge claims that in July 2016 , he was shown a cheque made out by Dr Dre for $ 20,000 .
He says it was payable to a man named Dwayne Johnson .
Suge claims it was 'blood money ' , paid to have him killed on the day that he fatally ran a man over .
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : Getty )
The musician also says that he met with a private investigator and Johnson in July 2016 , and that during the meeting , Johnson told them both that the $ 20,000 in question was just a partial payment for `` Dwayne Johnson to participate in my murder '' .
Johnson , it 's said , was at the Tam 's parking lot the day Suge ran Terry Carter over and killed him .
He 's facing a murder trial for that .
Suge is arguing that he had reason to fear for his life when he entered the car park , but Dr Dre 's lawyers say the allegations are `` absurd '' .
Suge recently made shock claims that Tupac is still alive .
( Image : Splash )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 52-year-old producer appears on a new documentary that investigates the unsolved murders of rap legends Tupac ( who died on 13 September 1996 aged 25 ) and Biggy Smalls ( killed 9 March 1997 aged 24 ) .
Fellow music star Ice-T ( real name Tracy Marrow , 59 ) and US journalist Soledad O'Brien , 51 , are hosting Who Shot Biggie & Tupac - which is due to air in the USA on Sunday .
During the two hour special , Suge ( real name Marion Knight Jr ) is questioned by the pair over the phone where he makes the shock claim that Tupac could still be alive .
`` When Pac died… if he really did , you know ? ” Suge tells a stunned Ice-T and Soledad .
( Image : Splash )
Explaining himself , he continues : `` I mean , when I left that hospital , me and Pac were laughing and joking . ''
`` So I do n't see how somebody can turn from doing well , to doing bad , ” Suge said .
Asked point blank if he thinks Tupac is still alive , Suge then responds : `` I 'm gon na tell you that with Pac , you never know . ''
Tupc Shakur ( who was named Lesane Crooks ) was gunned down while in Las Vegas in 1996 in what is believed to have been a gang dispute turned violent .
He was hit by four bullets and later died in hospital due to internal bleeding .
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( Nexstar ) — Violence broke out in the small , college town of Charlottesville , VA during a weekend of planned marches by various white supremacist groups to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee .
Counter-protesters also showed up , and the two sides quickly clashed .
“ There have been white supremacy groups in our midst , ” said Vanita Gupta of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights . “ What 's uniquely shocking right now is how they 're coming out of the shadows . ”
Related Content : Trump calls out KKK and neo-Nazis after backlash to Charlottesville remarks
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , there 's at least one neo-nazi group in Rhode Island .
Two days after the chaos , President Trump condemned and denounced , by name , the white supremacist groups involved in the Charlottesville violence .
“ Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , ” stated President Trump . “ Including the KKK , neo-nazis , white supremacists . ”
Related Content : Peaceful rallies to protest hate continue in Connecticut following Charlottesville
The President 's statement was a little too late for some , including Connecticut Senator Richard Blumenthal , who said on Twitter , “ Denouncing white supremacists , KKK , and neo-nazis should have been instinctive and instant . Trump 's failure shows lack of moral leadership . ”
Denouncing white supremacists , KKK , & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant . Trump 's failure shows lack of moral leadership . — Richard Blumenthal ( @ SenBlumenthal ) August 14 , 2017
Related Content : Connecticut no stranger to political protests
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – The City of St. Louis is feeling the financial effect of the ongoing protests in the wake of the Jason Stockley decision .
Mayor Lyda Krewson and representatives for the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department estimate they owe officers $ 2.9 million in overtime pay for working protests .
“ Three a million is a lot of money as you know , ” Krewson said . “ Certainly we have to figure out where to take that from . ”
That total is just for the first 10 days—September 15-25—following the Stockley ruling .
“ We have to pay those salaries . Hopefully , it wo n't continue at that rate in the long-term , ” she said .
A police department spokesperson said they 'll have an updated estimate next week . Officers are no longer working 12-hour shifts . However , overtime will be worked as needed .
“ This is a significant problem for the City of St. Louis , ” said Lewis Reed , President of the Board of Aldermen . “ It will impact every service up and down the line , from street cleaning to every component of city 's budget . ”
Not only is the money owed extremely high and not planned for , Reed said police will probably need additional overtime .
“ We 're hearing protestors are going to continue , ” he said . “ We 're addressing a lot of the issues that are systematic issues ; not just in St. Louis , but in the country . ”
Reed said he hopes protestors see that some movements are being made in areas of subpoena powers and police body cameras , plus action being taken in the Circuit Attorney 's Office to take over investigation of officer-involved shootings .
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal 's website with one of the following subscriber options :
Monthly Subscription - $ 5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Quarterly Subscription - $ 15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Annual Subscription - $ 30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL : If you 're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail , email us at calhouncountyjournal @ gmail.com
WHEN Meghan Markle married Prince Harry , the nuptials marked the end of her working life as an actor .
But emerging from St George 's Chapel as the newly minted Duchess of Sussex , Meghan has also had to give up another major part of her identity - her voice .
Since the 17th century , royal protocol dictates the British monarchy is forbidden from expressing political opinion , meaning members of the royal family can not vote or be seen to be favouring one political cause over another .
It 's so strictly followed that Queen Elizabeth was accused of being in breach after saying people should `` think very carefully about the future '' before the 2014 Scottish independence referendum .
Harry and Meghan Markle 's wedding was one of the most heavily guarded events in history .
Forget wearing pantyhose or curtsying , this is the rule Meghan - a Noam Chomsky devotee and anti-Brexit protester - will struggle the most to follow .
University of Paris British history professor Ophelie Simeon told France 24 that no member of the royal family , including Meghan , can voice their political opinions publicly .
`` She is definitely political , but as the newest member of the royal family I think she will use her charity work to channel her political side , '' Prof Simeon said .
`` I think it will be more appropriate as far as protocol is concerned . ''
The former Suits star is no stranger to voicing her opinion from an early age , having successfully campaigned to have a washing detergent advertisement 's sexist language changed at just 11 .
In 2016 , Meghan told the US talk show The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore she would move to Canada if a `` misogynistic '' Donald Trump was elected president .
`` It 's really the moment I go , we film Suits in Toronto and I might just stay in Canada , '' Meghan said .
`` If that is really the reality we are talking about then that is a game changer in terms of how we move in the world here . ''
As part of her transition to royalty , Meghan had her Instagram account shut down in January , erasing the political statements she had made on the social media platform .
In January 2016 , Meghan posted an anti-Brexit message during the week of the UK referendum - two months into her relationship with Prince Harry .
Meghan shared a picture of a sign which read : `` If EU leave me now you take away the biggest part of me . ''
`` If EU leave me now … # Brexit # parliament # referendum # London , '' Meghan captioned the photo .
Meghan has previously used her Instagram to protest Brexit . Picture : Instagram
Meghan , who completed a double degree in theatre and international studies at university , is also a fan of left wing political activist Noam Chomsky .
In another post on her now-deleted Instagram account , the actor urged her followers to read Chomsky 's Who Rules The World , because it `` exposes the hypocrisy at the heart of America 's policies and actions '' .
Chomsky has been critical of royalty , telling Prospect Magazine in 2011 that `` the pomp and ceremony helps undermine respect for state authority '' .
Marrying Prince Harry , Meghan has joined arguably the world 's most privileged family and will never have to worry about money again .
Having already faced criticism for wearing a $ 100,000 Ralph & Russo dress during her engagement photo shoot last year , it remains to be seen how Meghan 's views about social inequality will be received now that she is a member of the British elite .
Or as UK TV host Piers Morgan more bluntly wrote for MailOnline : '' There 's nothing remotely feminist or equal about being a Duchess and living in a gigantic Palace . ''
Declaring in her online royal biography that she is `` proud to be a woman and a feminist '' , Meghan appears poised to make fighting gender inequality the centre of her work as a royal .
But any campaigning for women 's rights will also need to avoid being political , a fine line Meghan has already struggled to walk .
Meghan Markle is also a fan of Noam Chomsky . Picture : Instagram
At a February event celebrating the Royal Foundation alongside her fiance Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , Meghan spoke in favour of the Time 's Up and # MeToo - movements viewed by some as being politically left .
`` There was a push back about her talking about the # MeToo campaign , even though I would say it is not a political issue and is simply a contemporary concern , '' royal history expert Dr Anna Whitelock told The Independent .
Dr Whitelock argues Meghan is a `` woman of the 21st century '' and has a clear `` social conscience '' , contrasting with the traditions of the royal family .
`` The royal family by definition can not be progressive . It represents the kind of values Meghan would rail against , '' she said .
`` It is not to say they are not committed to doing good work but they are operating in a structure that is fundamentally based on discrimination and represents values Markle may be against . ''
( ru ) Все права защищены ! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
( en ) All rights reserved ! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting , active hyperlink on www.contact.az required . Powered by © Contact Online news , 2007 -
Email : editor.contact.az @ gmail.com
How The NBA Has Used Social Media To Move The Ball On Issues
It was in Egypt 's Tahrir Square that I became a critic of the idea that social media somehow powers activism .
I was there researching social media 's impact on movements and revolutions .
Across the world , I have seen how it is great at spreading information when it is able to reach people who normally would not be connected to traditional news sources .
But during the Arab Spring I also saw how social media locks that information into bubbles that are constructed in ways that we barely control or see .
In Cairo , the bubble was young , educated , middle class , liberals . The failure to break out of that bubble and transform political institutions ended up leading to the military coup in 2013 .
Since then my view has changed a bit , in part , because of basketball . Specifically the NBA .
The NBA has shown that social media can be a great tool in shaping social and political causes . It can do so if those causes are adopted by a strong and engaged organization with a broad reach .
The NBA blows away every other professional sport in the world in terms of social media activity and engagement . It was the first major sport to pass over one billion followers on social media . No other league even comes close .
The NBA , its coaches , its players are among the most active participants on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Snapchat and the like .
This allows it to reach people of different demographics , cultures , and places who use different social media platforms .
It also allows the league to engage with fans even when nothing is available to watch live .
The NBA also does something the other leagues generally frown on , it uses social media to support the activist causes of its athletes and coaches .
This lets the brand of what is basically an entertainment organization vouch for political and social causes .
Being attached to the NBA gives those causes greater staying power .
So , we see four-time MVP LeBron James and other league stars using technology to amplify awareness of the Black Lives Matter protests of killings of men like Trayvon Martin or Eric Garner .
Or Steve Kerr , head coach of the Golden State Warriors , taking to Twitter to speak out on anti-immigrant policies and gun violence .
Social media can amplify an activist cause , if the organization that uses these tools already transcends the bubbles we all recognize when we go online .
We see that in action with the NBA .
One hundred and forty characters can be used to gain great power and visibility , when you have the right organization behind it .
Is that enough to produce lasting political change ?
That 's still not clear , but the NBA is a great space to watch to see how it could play out .
Ramesh Srinivasan is an associate professor at UCLA . You can follow him at @ rameshmedia .
Reports : Luis Enrique has lost the trust of the Barcelona dressing room
The manager got everything wrong tactically against the French giants in the UEFA Champions League
by Rohit Viswanathan News 15 Feb 2017 , 16:29 IST
The beginning of the end for Lucho ?
What 's the story ?
FC Barcelona 's 4-0 loss at the hands of Paris Saint-Germain highlighted a weakness that has been prevalent for a quite a while . The players did not seem to know how to break PSG down and were regularly caught out in possession .
Luis Enrique looked completely distraught at the sight of his team being decimated by Angel Di Maria and co . It seems that this is the least of his concerns at the moment with reports from radio station El Partidazo de COPE , the players have lost faith in the manager and are convinced he will leave at the end of the season .
The players were already convinced that ENriue did not want to stay at the club beyond this season and have now lost faith in his ability to manage the team , a feeling that has compounded after the 4-0 loss .
Enrique also wants to leave the club but wants his assistant Unzue to take over next season .
In case you did n't know ...
Luis Enrique has played for FC Barcelona and Real Madrid . He managed to win La Liga twice with the Catalans and once with Los Blancos . He went on to make a name for himself in management with AS Roma and Celta Vigo before taking over at Barcelona .
The heart of the matter
FC Barcelona players already started to have doubts over Luis Enriques ability even before the PSG game . The Catalans have had an uncharacteristic campaign in La Lga so far , losing games they would normally win at home and dropping points at inopportune moments .
Going into the PSG game , the Catalans were on a good run of form but tactically the team were completely outdone but PSG . The midfield of Varatti , Matuidi and Rabiot ran rings around the Barcelona team finding spaces to pass into with consummate ease .
It was very clear the Barça coach had got it all wrong and a slight change in formation in the second half did not make any difference whatsoever . It 's not very surprising his players are upset at the coach .
Busquets also earlier stated that tactically they had got it all wrong . Luis Enrique might be gone even before the second leg of Barcelona do not recover from this disaster .
What 's Next ?
With La Liga looking like it 's going Real Madrid 's way the Champions League was the one competition the fans really wanted to win . But now they will have to pin all their hopes on doing the domestic double with the probability of overturning a 4-0 deficit looking very unlikely .
Sportskeeda 's take
Lucho will have to turn things around quickly after this defeat but it looks like he could be gone even before the end of the season . He has yet to give a solid answer to the question of whether he is staying on beyond this season but after this result that might have been decided for him .
Five years ago I had never heard of the Gunks , and I will wager that they have eluded many a keen hiker , especially those who , like me , are in-comers to our region . The Catskills did n't elude me , nor the Adirondacks ; but I lived a Gunk-less life for my first 15 years as a Tri-Stater . So , the basics : The Gunks are the Shawangunk Mountains , a ridge which runs through New York from the Delaware River almost to the Hudson – Port Jervis to New Paltz . The highest and widest part of the ridge is the northern part in Ulster County .
No surprise that it is this high-and-wide part that attracts us hikers . It is comprised of the Sam 's Point , Minnewaska State Park , and Mohonk preserves , plus other public open space . It is 17 miles long and , at its broadest , six miles across – a plateau bounded by white cliffs , dotted with high lakes , and covered in often stunted forest . It offers exceptional views , both of itself , and of surrounding lowlands and the Catskill Mountains to the north . Surprising , then , that I did not find it for so long . Perhaps if the Catskills and Dacks were not so close and magnificent , the Gunks would be a big name .
One Saturday last month , waiting for Minnewaska State Park Preserve to open , I readied my gear in the back of my car and paced about . I was 1,400 feet above sea level in Upstate New York in late January , and it felt like spring ! The air was soft and calm . Patches of mist had obscured the Gunks ' southern escarpment on my drive up . Above all , the sun had come out , mocking the weather forecast yet again . At 9 a.m. the Preserve opened , and I parked in an empty lot above Lake Minnewaska . I was n't yet sure where I 'd hike to ; Gertrude 's Nose maybe , or perhaps more toward Sam 's Point , the location of my only previous Gunks outing . Either way , I 'd start on the carriage road beside Lake Minnewaska .
The Gunks have lots of carriage roads . They conjure up , for me anyway , well-heeled New Yorkers of the Gilded Age cruising the heights to escape the City 's summer sweat . I do n't think this picture is far off the truth . Today , the carriage roads are often immaculate shale tracks , and I admit to feelings that hiking them is not really hiking . Still , they speed you through the Gunks – or at least , they would usually . Despite many mild days , ice lingered where the sun had not reached . It did not linger in a patchy way that could be maneuvered around ; rather , whole sections of the track were rink-slick from edge to edge . These were followed by others that were wholly ice-free , and I was forever stretching my microspikes onto my boots or ( easier ) pulling them off .
Somewhere on this stop-start section I decided to forego Gertrude 's Nose and instead head southwest on Hamilton Point Carriage Road . I 'd read that the Nose is “ one of the most spectacular rock formations in the Shawangunks , ” and getting there would involve real trail . But I liked the idea of connecting my two Gunks outings , perhaps reaching today what I had seen as distant scenery three years ago . As I walked , the stretches of ice grew scarcer , and the morning warmed , forcing me to stop to peel off layers of clothing . If the carriage road was not real hiking , I was – barring one runner – all alone , and the scenery was not tame . The road followed the cliff edge , at first looking over wild Palmaghatt Ravine and then over the wider landscape .
Hamilton Point was grand when it came , a huge ledge with big views to south and west . But above it stood Castle Point , which seemed to promise even more . The track – soon called the Castle Point Carriage Road – switch-backed to reach it . Ice reappeared . But as I climbed , the views opened to embrace all points of the compass . The Catskills rose to the north behind white valley mist , but it was the views up and down the Gunks that held my attention . One way , the pale blue ice of Lake Awosting , a mile off and 300 feet below . Left of the lake , and far , far beyond it , mist streamed over a Sam 's Point bluff . Near that bluff , three years ago , I had looked toward where I now stood , and seen the distant lines of cliffs ruled through the forest . I did not know it then , but they were Castle and Hamilton points and – behind me now – Gertrude 's prominent nose .
It would have taken two or three hours to reach the nearest point of my previous hike , to join the two outings physically . The place of joining would be the beautiful falls where Verkeerder Kill spills off the high plateau . But , for now , I was happy to have joined the hikes visually and , instead of a long trek , I ate my lunch on Castle Point and lay out on its surprisingly warm rock .
For half the trek back to Lake Minnewaska , I took Blueberry Run Trail , a real trail that reacquainted me with water and slush underfoot , and boasted as well a perfect tinkling brook and bright bare-rock clearings in the pines . Finally , I took the two-mile carriage road around Lake Minnewaska . It is certainly a pretty lake ; high , cliff-wrapped , and covered in the same blue-gray ice as Lake Awosting . But I was already thinking about my next Gunks trip , somewhere out beyond the immaculate tracks .
Rob McWilliams is a local resident . Taking a Hike appears monthly . Contact Rob at McWilliams Takes a Hike , blog and Facebook . He 'd love to hear from you .
Alpha Male XL According to research breastfed babies tight on chances of obtaining cancer because well as the breastfeeding mothers chance to of getting breast cancer are a great deal less . `` The Doctor . Oz Show '' has won the Daytime Emmy Awards twice , as has its host Dr .. Mehmet Oz , author of best-selling health books like `` YOU : The Owner 's Manual , Updated and Expanded Edition : An Insider 's Guide to your Body http : //jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
Dale Grey , Agriculture Victoria , says the Southern Annular Mode can be an important driver on winter weather in southern Australia in particular .
WITH major climate drivers in the Indian and Pacific Oceans currently at neutral levels the weather scene through July was set up for other climatic factors to have a major say on conditions .
And the Southern Annular Mode ( SAM ) delivered for growers in southern Australia .
Its first venture into negative territory , correlated with more frontal systems hitting southern parts of the nation , came at the start of July and neatly tied in with improved rainfall across southern regions of WA , SA , Victoria and NSW .
Dale Grey , climate agronomist with Agriculture Victoria , said during winter a positive SAM was consistent with fronts sliding south of Australia .
He said a negative SAM correlated with more fast moving cold fronts hitting land and delivering frequent , relatively light rainfall events .
Felicity Gamble , climatologist with the Bureau of Meteorology ( BOM ) climate forecasting team , said the SAM was a complex climate driver that had different influences at different times of the year .
“ At present , the negative phase is conducive to higher rainfall in southern Australia , but in eastern areas , such as coastal NSW , north-east Tasmania and Gippsland in Victoria a positive SAM can lead to higher rainfall , especially in spring and summer , ” Ms Gamble said .
“ This is due to it attracting more anomalous , moisture containing easterly flows . ”
She said the SAM was a factor on weather right throughout the year .
“ Unlike other climate drivers , for instance the Indian Ocean Dipole ( IOD ) , the SAM can have an influence at any time of year , but how it works varies according to the region . ”
Ms Gamble said the SAM had much shorter cycles than El Niño / La Niña or the IOD .
“ It can change on a fortnightly basis .
She said the recent July negative SAM had led to frontal systems being pushed along in westerly winds .
In terms of its influence on the weather , Ms Gamble said the SAM had more impact this year as the other drivers were not as prominent .
Mr Grey said the change in the SAM from June to July was mirrored by improved rainfall .
“ In June , with a positive SAM , the sub tropical ridge moved further south than usual and blocked potentially rain-bringing cold fronts , in July it moved further to the north and that allowed the frontal systems to hit . ”
New Delhi : President Ram Nath Kovind on Monday addressed the nation on the eve of 71st Independence Day .
Here are the highlights of his speech :
1 . We are indebted to those who laid down their lives for our independence . It is time we must take inspiration from them and move forward .
2 . I would urge you , as fellow nation builders , to help educate less-privileged children in our society .
3 . Our soldiers who guard our borders are not just doing their duty ; they are displaying an extra degree of selflessness .
4 . Enrol and pay the school fees or buy the books of at least one child other than your own ; just one !
5 . Govt has started Swachch Bharat campaign but it is the duty of each one of us to keep the nation clean .
6 . The Tokyo Olympics of 2020 offer another opportunity for us to raise our standing in the world 's eyes .
7 . On PM 's appeal , more than one crore families voluntarily gave up LPG subsidy so that a gas cylinder could reach kitchen of a poorer family .
8 . Govt can make , implement and strengthen laws but it is everyone 's duty to abide by them .
9 . It is our national pledge to achieve important goals to make a 'New India ' .
10 . Glad that people of the country have accepted GST happily .
11 . There is no place for poverty in 'New India .
12 . We should pay special attention to our divyang brothers ( differently abled ) and sisters .
13 . It is the responsibility of each one of us to promote sense of pride in paying taxes .
Hugo Roy struck twice for the Phoenix ( 21-21-10 ) with Kevin Gilbert and Marek Zachar adding the others . Reilly Pickard made 28 saves .
-- -
SAGUENEENS 4 DRAKKAR 1
CHICOUTIMI , Que . — Samuel Houde had a pair of goals and Alexis Shank turned aside 29 shots to lift the Sagueneens over Baie-Comeau .
Gabriel Villeneuve and Zachary Lavigne also scored for Chicoutimi ( 21-24-4 ) .
Nathan Legare replied for the Drakkar ( 22-25-4 ) and Justin Blanchette stopped 23 shots .
-- -
OCEANIC 3 REMPARTS 2
QUEBEC CITY — Samuel Dove-McFalls scored the winner in the second period and Carmine-Anthony Pagliarulo made 34 saves as Rimouski held off the Remparts .
Anthony Gagnon and Charle-Edouard D'Astous also had goals for the Oceanic ( 31-13-6 ) .
Gregor MacLeod and Pascal Laberge found the back of the net for Quebec ( 27-20-5 ) . Antoine Samuel turned aside 14 shots .
-- -
MOOSEHEADS 3 TITAN 1
HALIFAX — Filip Zadina had a pair of goals and Blade Mann-Dixon kicked out 25 shots to lift the Mooseheads past Acadie-Bathurst .
Maxime Fortier added an empty-netter for Halifax ( 33-12-6 ) .
Jeffrey Truchon-Viel replied on the power play for the Titan ( 29-14-8 ) and Evan Fitzpatrick made 26 saves .
-- -
OLYMPIQUES 5 FOREURS 0
VAL-D'OR , Que . — Tristan Berube stopped all 26 shots he faced and Darien Kielb had a goal and two assists as Gatineau shut out the Foreurs .
Jeffrey Durocher , Shawn Boudrias , Charles-Antoine Roy and Gabriel Bilodeau rounded out the attack for the Olympiques ( 25-20-4 ) .
Jonathan Lemieux kicked out 45 shots for Val-d'Or ( 18-28-4 ) .
-- -
TIGRES 4 ARMADA 3 ( SO )
BOISBRIAND , Que . — Ivan Kosorenkov scored twice and Vitalii Abramov had the shootout winner to lift Victoriaville over the Armada .
Felix Lauzon had the other goal for the Tigres ( 27-18-6 ) and Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 30 saves .
Samuel Bolduc , Antoine Crete-Belzile and Alexandre Alain found the back of the net for Blainville-Boisbriand ( 36-9-5 ) . Emile Samson turned aside 24 shots .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
Fiery Benoit Paire toyed with and teased the emotions of his fellow Frenchmen for a smidgeon shy of three hours on Wednesday , before bowing out of his home Grand Slam in the second round .
Beaten 6-3 2-6 4-6 6-2 6-3 by Japan ` s Kei Nishikori - a former U.S. Open runner-up and 19th seed in Paris - the 29-year-old showed flashes of brilliance and , at two sets to one up , large sections of the crowd had started to believe .
It was a typically flamboyant performance from Paire who , with his bushy black beard and dyed white hair , cuts quite a figure on the Roland Garros clay .
But despite all the drop shots , the pummelled backhands and the animated pleas to the crowd for support , it proved not to be enough .
`` It was a beautiful match , a beautiful fight . I did what I could and I really did my best . I would have liked - of course , I would have preferred winning . You can ` t win every single match , '' Paire told reporters .
The expected stormclouds stayed away but the crowd was denied what it yearned for : a French victor in this most French of arenas .
Nishikori ` s compact , safety-first game was met with mute indifference by the otherwise boisterous supporters who roared their approval and leapt up from their seats every time Paire struck a blow .
The French tennis crowd have always been enthusiastic embracers of the `` Mexican Wave '' and time and time again it swirled through the stands as Paire ` s supporters willed their man to win .
`` Of course , I ` m disappointed I ` ve lost , but there ` s a lot of pride ... of having fought back and being able to win over the audience , '' Paire said . `` And they responded and supported me and that was really heartwarming . ''
Nishikori , though - as quiet as Paire is animated , as careful as Paire is hit-and-miss - refused to be diverted from him mission .
Nishikori next faces another Frenchman Gilles Simon - and patriotic crowd - after Simon beat 12th seed Sam Querrey . If the Japanese baseliner is to go deep in this tournament , he will have to do it the hard way .
`` Well , today wasn ` t too bad . Could get more crazy here , '' the Japanese player smiled . `` I had a couple of tough ones a couple of years ago . So I think I got used to this crowd . ''
Residents are being urged to have a healthier 2017 as part of a campaign to keep the city fitter .
The first Healthy Peterborough campaign of 2017 will focus on advice and support which can help everyone enjoy a balanced diet .
This is important because becoming overweight or obese increases your risk of getting type 2 diabetes , heart disease and some cancers . Eating healthily starts with enjoying a balanced diet . The types of food you choose to eat are key to ensuring you get the right nutrients to keep you healthy .
Councillor Diane Lamb , Peterborough City Council cabinet member for public health , said : “ New Year is a great time to make a few changes to your diet . If you start with achievable goals you will quickly see and feel a difference in your health and wellbeing and you will be more likely to stick to your new regime .
“ There is plenty of support and advice available for adults and families , including lots of information on the Healthy Peterborough website . I 'd urge anyone who has a few pounds to lose or would just like some more ideas for eating healthily to visit the site and see how they could achieve a healthy weight , give themselves more energy or cut their risk of developing serious illness . ”
There is help available for any children aged between four and 17 years old who are above a healthy weight at the MoreLife clubs which run for ten weeks at venues in Peterborough . For more advice about eating healthily and the clubs and support available visit www.healthypeterborough.org.uk .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Soldiers and veterans will sleep rough tonight to highlight the plight of ex- military heroes who end up homeless .
Hundreds braved the cold in eight towns and cities , two weeks after we revealed there are an estimated 13,000 veterans without a place to live .
In Bournemouth , ex-soldier Andy Price , 39 , who did three tours of Afghanistan and suffered a breakdown last year , said mental health services are patchy .
Andy , his pregnant wife and their daughter , five , ended up living in a garage and sleeping on a couch .
( Image : BNPS )
( Image : BNPS )
In Newcastle , George Wallis , 46 , who spent 12 years in the Light Dragoons , told how he struggled to adjust to civilian life . He said : “ I became jobless and hit rock bottom .
“ I was estranged from my family , still am . I was sofa surfing for eight months . It was the worst time of my life .
“ Homelessness is a huge problem among veterans , and the government should get more involved . It should n't be left to the charities . ”
( Image : North News )
The events were organised by online military forum Fill Your Boots to raise money for veterans ' charity LaunchPad .
Tory MP Richard Drax , a former officer in the Coldstream Guards , said veterans must be helped . He added : “ What I 've heard is the safety net is not working and people are falling through . ”
All the stars came out Monday night to ring in Gigi Hadid 's 23rd birthday .
Despite her recent—and very public—breakup with Zayn Malik , the supermodel was all-smiles at her NYC birthday bash , celebrating the occasion with her nearest and dearest A-list friends and family .
Looking every bit a style icon , the birthday girl gave the paparazzi an eyeful , strutting into her lavish NYC fête in a stunning gold strapless Atelier Versace mini dress with sparkly makeup to match . But after strutting her stuff in the dazzling designer number , Gigi proved she 's the most relatable fashion cool-girl : she swapped her skin-tight Versace for a baggy sweatsuit and sneakers mid-party .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As expected , the supermodel 's whole family showed up . Following her sweet and sentimental social media tribute to her big sister 's milestone , Bella Hadid escorted her blonde bombshell counterpart into the party , wearing a slinky leopard-print slip dress .
Getty Images
Also supporting his sister , Anwar Hadid was spotted arriving alongside girlfriend Nicola Peltz at Brooklyn Heights Social Club at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge , where Gigi 's bash was held .
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Proud mama , Yolanda Hadid was also in attendance , channeling her eldest daughter 's golden barbie vibe with a strikingly similar metallic , alligator-printed dress .
Getty Images
Influencers , models and A-listers who came out to support the 23-year-old birthday girl included Hailey Baldwin , Joan Smalls , Olivia Culpo , Martha Hunt , Lily Aldridge and Suki Waterhouse .
Entering hand-in-hand , models Hailey Baldwin and Joan Smalls sported equally sexy ensembles .
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Culpo went for a completely open blue beaded jacket with matching flared velour pants .
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Model Martha Hunt also went for a risqué look in a plunging black velvet jumpsuit .
Getty Images
Fellow Victoria 's Secret Angel , Lily Aldridge , showed up in a silver embellished off-the-shoulder ensemble .
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Adding some color to the party , Suki Waterhouse was snapped in a springy '60s-inspired yellow gingham number .
Getty Images
Of all the big names on the VIP guest list , we have to note—Zayn was not in attendance .
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio “ is putting out feelers to run for president , spreading whispers that Bernie Sanders , 75 , and Elizabeth Warren , 68 , are too old , ” the New York Post reports .
“ De Blasio , 56 , will claim he 's the rightful standard bearer for the progressive wing of the Democratic party . ”
Said one Democratic insider : “ He thinks he 's going to coast to re-election victory . His people are sending out overtures asking where he should go next and whom he should meet on a national level . ”
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and Navigator Holdings Ltd. announced that construction is now underway on their 50/50 joint venture ethylene export terminal which will be located at Enterprise 's Morgan 's Point , Texas facility on the Houston Ship Channel . The terminal will have the capacity to export approximately 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year . Refrigerated storage for 66 million pounds of ethylene is being constructed on-site and will provide the capability to load ethylene at rates of 2.2 million pounds per hour . Commercial operations are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2019 , one quarter earlier than previously projected .
By providing access to international markets , the new export terminal will facilitate the continued growth of domestic ethylene production , which is expected to reach 90 billion pounds per year by 2021 . In addition , the terminal being constructed by Enterprise and Navigator will promote supply diversification for expanding markets like Asia , which rely on cost-advantaged U.S. feedstocks .
The high-capacity ethylene salt dome storage facility Enterprise is developing at its complex in Mont Belvieu , Texas is scheduled to begin service in the second quarter of 2019 . Upon completion , this storage facility will have a capacity of approximately 600 million pounds with an injection/withdrawal rate of 420,000 pounds per hour and will be designed to enable connections to the eight ethylene pipelines within a half-mile of the Enterprise ethylene storage system . In addition , Enterprise is building a new ethylene pipeline from Mont Belvieu to Bayport , Texas , which is on schedule to begin service in 2020 . The section from Mont Belvieu to Morgan 's Point is scheduled to be in service in 2019 to support the export terminal .
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. is one of the largest publicly traded partnerships and a leading North American provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas , NGLs , crude oil , refined products and petrochemicals . Our services include : natural gas gathering , treating , processing , transportation and storage ; NGL transportation , fractionation , storage and import and export terminals ; crude oil gathering , transportation , storage and terminals ; petrochemical and refined products transportation , storage and terminals ; and a marine transportation business that operates primarily on the United States inland and Intracoastal Waterway systems . The partnership 's assets include approximately 50,000 miles of pipelines ; 260 million barrels of storage capacity for NGLs , crude oil , refined products and petrochemicals ; and 14 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage capacity .
Navigator Holdings Ltd. is the owner and operator of the world 's largest fleet of handysize liquefied gas carriers and a global leader in the seaborne transportation of petrochemical gases , such as ethylene and ethane , liquefied petroleum gas ( “ LPG ” ) and ammonia . We play a vital role in the liquefied gas supply chain for energy companies , industrial consumers and commodity traders , with our sophisticated vessels providing an efficient and reliable ‘ floating pipeline ' between the parties . We continue to build strong , long-term partnerships based on mutual trust , our deep technical expertise and modern versatile fleet .
A brand-new website for the Cornwall Business Awards has gone live ready for launch of the awards at the beginning of January .
The 2018 awards will be supported by Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Growth and Skills Hub and their in-house team have created a fresh , modern website which will be part of an enhanced communications package for all the sponsors and the winning businesses .
The awards , which will be presented on April 19 , are a traditional highlight of Cornwall Business Week . The leading lights of the Cornish business community get together to celebrate the achievements and innovation in new and established businesses , who will compete for awards in customer care , employer of the year and many more .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's often difficult to justify spending over forty or fifty pounds on a computer game .
Online shoppers , however , are getting savvier - and if you 're not overly concerned with having the latest releases as soon as they come out , you can pick up fairly decent bargains if you know where to look .
We all know that to get the best prices , you have to shop around - but with thanks to useful time-saving websites like HotUKDeals and GameCrawler , you can find great prices on top games from the comfort of your own home .
Below , we have listed a pick of the best that are currently available now in places like Tesco , SimplyGames and Base .
LA Noire – PS4 - £22 ( WAS £34.99 )
Originally released on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 back in 2011 , LA Noire was re-released on Playstation 4 , Xbox One and Nintendo Switch last year .
Drawing stylistic parallels with films like The Untouchables and LA Confidential , the game was a massive success among gamers and critics alike .
The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim Special Edition – PS4 - £17.85 ( WAS £49.99 )
In the fifth instalment of the series , Skyrim is set roughly 200 years after the previous title 'Oblivion ' . This action role-playing game is set within an open world environment , with the objective of the player to defeat the dragon Alduin The World-Eater .
Hitman : The Complete First Season Steelbook – PS4 - £19.99 ( WAS £49.99 )
Even if you 're not a big gamer , there 's a good chance you will have heard of the Hitman series . First released back in 1999 , the player takes control of `` genetically enhanced assassin '' Agent 47 . Every level features a 'sandbox-type ' environment where targets can be eliminated in numerous different ways .
Resident Evil 7 Biohazard – PS4 - £14.99 ( WAS £29.99 )
The seventh instalment in this survival horror game series was released last year and owners Capcom have promised another is currently in the works . In the meantime , you can get a great deal on Biohazard .
PlayStation 4 Slim 500GB FIFA 18 £229
If you do n't own a PS4 , the best deal available on the web right now is on Tesco Direct . It comes with FIFA 18 and is nearly £100 cheaper than in other retailers .
Call of Duty WWII ( Xbox One ) £19.99 pre-owned
The latest Call of Duty is one of many pre-owned titles available from GraingerGames . At £19.99 , pre-owned versions of the game are half the normal asking price .
Red Dead Redemption GOTY Edition – Xbox One & 360 - £16.99 ( WAS £29.99 )
With Red Dead Redemption 2 due out at the end of the year , there is still plenty of time to acquaint or reacquaint yourself with the original . Set in the year 1911 , you take on the role of John Marston and make your way around a fictionalised version of West United States and Mexico .
This version also comes with the `` Undead Nightmare '' zombie add-on .
Fallout 4 GOTY Edition – Xbox One - £18.99 ( WAS £24.99 )
Controlling the character `` Sole Survivor '' , the player emerges from a long-term cryogenic stasis in an underground nuclear fallout shelter . Venturing out into the Commonwealth is search of your missing child , you explore a dilapidated world in the year 2287 .
Overwatch Origins Edition – Xbox One - £22.86 ( List Price £54.99 )
This online first-person shooter was released in May 2016 . Assigned one skill from one of four categories - Offence , Defence , Tank and Support - you are tasked with utilising your various strength in collaboration with your teammates .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Kansas City police are looking for a man they say broke into his estranged wife 's home early Friday morning and seriously injured her and her young daughter with a knife .
KCTV reports that officers around 1:45 a.m. responded to Scarritt Avenue and Lawndale Avenue in response to a break-in and cutting .
The woman at the home had serious lacerations to her hands and arms , along with a cut on the left side . Her 8-year-old daughter — who stood between her mother and the assailant during the assault — received minor injuries , police said .
The mother 's injuries are considered non-life-threatening . Shortly after the cutting , police described both the mother 's and her daughter 's conditions as serious but stable . The estranged husband is not in custody , and police have not released his name or a description of him .
The next nor'easter : What you need to know
The next nor'easter : What you need to know Mar 18
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team , reporting on culture and trends . She is a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City .
A woman 's umbrella is caught by strong winds along Market Street in Center City on Friday , March 2 , 2018 .
If the latest forecasts hold , the first day of spring – Tuesday – could look more like winter .
Another nor'easter is headed for the region , the fourth this month .
According to the National Weather Service in Mount Holly , there is a likelihood of rain and snow from Monday night through Wednesday morning . For now , at least , total predicted snowfall amounts are nothing to get alarmed about : one to three inches .
There is a 30 percent chance of precipitation Monday night , increasing to 70 percent Tuesday , according to NWS meteorologist Chad Shafer . Snow is more likely Tuesday morning , with rain more probable in the afternoon , he said . Current projections do n't point to continuous rain or snow , but rather a break around Tuesday evening with the storm kicking up again late Tuesday night into Wednesday morning .
Winds might not be as strong as they were for the first nor'easter of the month , when the region experienced widespread power outages . Gusts during that storm hit roughly 60 mph . The current forecast is calling for winds Tuesday in the 10- to 20-mph range , with some as high as 25 mph , Shafer said . At worst , this could mean shaking branches and trouble controlling umbrellas .
Even so , concern remains that the region might be more “ vulnerable to snow and wind because we 've had so much infrastructural damage , ” Shafer said .
The storm could overlap with the 60th anniversary of a historic “ Equinox ” nor'easter , which brought a blizzard to the region in 1958 . Just over 11 inches of snow was recorded at Philadelphia International Airport ; a Pennsylvania record of 50 inches fell in Morgantown , Chester County .
Although projections for this week 's storm are far tamer , Shafer cautioned that forecasts could change .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Roseanne Barr is now targeting her co-stars .
It 's admittedly hard to keep up with Barr 's dizzying response to her self-made catastrophe Tuesday , when she fired off a racist tweet aimed at Obama White House adviser Valerie Jarrett and subsequently saw ABC cancel her top-rated reboot .
After her tweet , Barr swore off Twitter ( again ) , then returned with a series of apologies : to Jarrett , her fans and the people who work for her . She said she does `` not want ( her tweet ) defended-it was egregious Indefensible . '' At one point , the comedian blamed `` Ambien tweeting . ''
`` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too , '' she said .
Yet in the middle of the night on Wednesday she began lashing out at co-stars who publicly spoke out against the tweet that ultimately cost them all their jobs .
Take Michael Fishman , who played D.J . Conner on the show . Fishman released a lengthy statement Tuesday saying Roseanne 's “ cast , crew , writers and production staff strived for inclusiveness . '' He added : `` The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved . ”
Barr hit back : `` i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it . ME . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ''
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https : //t.co/hViHPX2ZUb . You throw me under the bus . nice ! — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
Or look at Sara Gilbert , who plays Darlene . Gilbert called her TV mom 's tweet `` abhorrent '' and said Barr 's comments `` do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . ''
Barr replied : `` Wow ! unreal . ''
Wow ! unreal . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
A Barr fan then called Gilbert `` ungrateful , and very disloyal . ''
Barr replied , `` i feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . ''
i feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
In a later tweet , Barr made an about-face , saying she forgives Gilbert . `` I understand her position and why she said what she said . i forgive her . It just shocked me a bit , but I indeed ( screwed ) up . '' She added to another user : `` She 's distancing herself from me and my tweet-she has to . ''
The Conner family feud makes it all the more unlikely Roseanne could manage a return to the air .
The comedy returned to ABC in March , two decades after it ended its first run from 1988 to 1997 , reuniting the original cast including John Goodman , Laurie Metcalf and Gilbert .
The much-awaited 10th season 's two-episode opener attracted 18.2 million viewers in preliminary Nielsen ratings , making it the season 's top premiere . The return was large enough to prompt ABC to quickly order another season .
But the show has been beset by controversy . Dealing with hot-button issues such as health care , social security and opioid addiction , the reboot received backlash for some of its pointed jokes , including jabs at minority-led series Black-ish and Fresh Off the Boat .
The latest brouhaha began over a tweet sent by Barr to a fan who accused Jarrett of helping `` hide '' misdeeds for the Obama administration .
`` muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj , ” Barr wrote in a now-deleted tweet , using Jarrett 's initials . Jarrett , 61 , is African American and worked for Obama from 2009 to 2017 .
Barr later apologized , calling her tweet `` a bad joke , '' but it failed to halt a growing backlash that included the show 's consulting producer , Wanda Sykes , who promptly quit . In a decisive move that surprised many , Channing Dungey , president of ABC Entertainment , swiftly issued a statement announcing the cancellation of the network 's No . 1 show .
`` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel her show , '' Dungey 's statement read .
On Tuesday night , Barr began retweeting followers who called ABC 's decision to ax her show hypocritical , and replied that she thought that the target of her tweet was `` Saudi '' and did n't realize the racist implications of her post . At one point , she defended herself by tweeting : `` yes , I mistakenly thought ( Jarrett ) was white . ''
`` Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! '' she wrote in a separate post . `` I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet . ''
Contributing : Sara M. Moniuszko
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
