Blog : IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics , remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new , more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT ( IIoT ) , collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based , manual inspections to automated systems . This improves both data quality and quantity . IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively . Combined with today 's more advanced analytics , these data enable industrial organizations to implement new , more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive , to preventive , too condition-based to predictive , and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance . With higher maintenance maturity , comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
SALT LAKE CITY ( CBS Local ) – The family of a Boy Scout with Down Syndrome is suing after the organization stripped their 15-year-old son of all his badges .
Logan Blythe of Payson , Utah has been working on his merit badges for nearly four years and was preparing to rise to the highest rank of the Boy Scouts , an Eagle Scout . According to The Salt Lake Tribune , the teen submitted his badges to the Utah National Parks Council on November 9the so the local Boy Scouts charter could review the 15-year-old 's work .
Blythe 's father told reporters that despite his son 's limited verbal skills and developmental delays the local chapter assured the family that Logan would be given the opportunity to progress just like a normal child .
“ All those [ badges ] , he just literally did the best he could , and our local leaders accepted it and were happy with it , ” Chad Blythe said .
The following day , the Boy Scouts of America told the boy that not only would he be denied the status of Eagle Scout but he would have all of his badges revoked . The teen 's father says the Boy Scouts claim Logan “ did n't follow the merit badge requirements exactly as written to earn the badges . ”
“ The Eagle Scout Award is a national award . Final decisions regarding the Eagle requirements are made at the National BSA level , ” the Utah National Parks Council said , via Yahoo Lifestyle .
A representative for the national organization also addressed the controversial decision , saying that becoming an Eagle Scout is “ only one aspect of the program . ”
The BSA spokesperson added that children with disabilities are “ welcome and empowered to participate ” even if they are not able to earn merit badges from the group .
“ The Boy Scouts have lost their way , ” Blythe family attorney Ted McBride said .
Logan 's parents are now suing the Boy Scouts for “ outrageous and reckless conduct and disregard of the emotional well-being of Logan . ”
McBride accused the Scouts of acting to “ protect ” the perceived prestige of the Eagle Scout rank by discriminating against his disabled client .
Two cars were reported to be involved in a collision off the westbound Interstate 8 on Monday , one vehicle overturned , according to California Highway Patrol .
At approximately 10:25 p.m. , CHP responded to a collision off the westbound Interstate 8 , on the Tavern Road off-ramp , according to California Highway Patrol .
One of the vehicles reportedly overturned . Two people were reported trapped in a vehicle , according to CHP .
Fire crews responding to the scene were able to rescue those trapped inside the vehicle , and all people involved in the collision were taken to hospitals .
The extent of injuries , and number of people involved in the incident , is unknown .
The incident is under investigation . Check back for updates .
A new exhibition exploring the language and sound of the North Sea opens at the Gymnasium Gallery , Berwick on Saturday , June 17 .
The exhibition is a film installation called ‘ Singing for the Sea ' by internationally renowned artist Bethan Huws .
It documents a group of eight female Bulgarian singers invited by Huws to perform traditional songs on Sugar Sands , Northumberland , on the coast of the North Sea , over three evenings in late July 1993 .
Pitched into the wind , the haunting melodies of the Bulgarian women combine with the rumbling of the sea to create a unique polyphony of sound and voice and the work explores the artists interest in language , memory , and the specificities of place .
The film is part of The Artangel Collection , an initiative to bring outstanding film and video works , commissioned and produced by Artangel , to galleries and museums across the UK and work has been loaned by kind permission of Tate .
James Lowther , Head of Visual Art at Berwick Visual Arts said ‘ We are delighted to bring this significant work by Bethan Huws to the Gymnasium Gallery . This work has been shown in galleries all over the world , but this is the first time the work has been screened in Northumberland , the County where it was filmed and provided much inspiration to Huws when she developed the work ' .
The exhibition runs from June 17 until September 10 on Wednesday – Sunday , 11am-5pm . Admission free .
Freedom marks a milestone since the downfall of the Berlin Wall This week marked a historical milestone : The Berlin Wall , once the world 's most notorious physical symbol of repression , has now been gone longer than it was up . An entire generation ...
Helmut Kohl , German chancellor who reunited nation , dies at 87 BERLIN — Helmut Kohl , the physically imposing German chancellor whose reunification of a nation divided by the Cold War put Germany at the heart of a united Europe , has died ...
Muehller 's conflict of interest , the price of assassinating 'Trump ' and other comments From the right : Is Mueller Conflicted in Comey Probe ? Fired FBI Director James Comey “ has emerged as the main figure ” in what Democrats hope will be an obstruction of justice ...
Iranian President : 'Not the time to erect walls between nations ' Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Saturday it was no time to build walls between nations and criticized steps towards cancelling world trade agreements , without naming new U.S. President Donald ...
The fall of the Berlin Wall parallels Germany 's open door to refugees Germany 's unlocking its doors to refugees reveals a striking set of parallels with another fateful moment in the history of opened borders : the fall of the Berlin Wall . In both ...
Tiger Woods had five different drugs in his system when he was arrested in Jupiter , Fla. , on suspicion of DUI in May , according to a toxicology report released Monday .
According an ESPN.com report , the drugs in Woods ' system were Hydrocodone , the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin ; Hydromorphone , a painkiller commonly known as Dilaudid ; Alprazolam , a mood and sleep drug commonly known as Xanax ; Zolpidem , a sleep drug commonly known as Ambien ; and Delta-9 carboxy THC , a muscle relaxant that is also the substance the body metabolizes after marijuana is consumed .
It is not known if Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications . Medical marijuana is legal in Florida .
On Monday , Woods issued the following statement to Golf Channel :
`` As I previously said , I received professional help to manage my medications . Recently , I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder , including insomnia , but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance . I am continuing to work with my doctors , and they feel I 've made significant progress . I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me .
`` Regarding my back , I recently spoke to my surgeon and he 's very pleased with how my fusion is healing . I 'm right on schedule . I 'm now doing some light lifting , riding a stationary bike and putting a little . ''
On Wednesday , Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving . He also agreed to enter a diversion program that will have his record wiped clean if he completes it .
At the time of the arrest on May 29 , Woods said he had an `` unexpected reaction '' to prescription medicine . He checked into a clinic in June for help dealing with prescription drugs , and he announced last month that he had completed treatment .
At the scene of the arrest , Woods took a breathalyzer test and twice blew a 0.000 .
A Jupiter Police officer observed Woods ' car stopped in the roadway in the right lane . He was asleep at the wheel and had to be woken up . The vehicle was running .
According to the police report , “ Woods stated that he was coming from LA California from golfing . Woods stated that he did not know where he was . Woods had changed his story of where he was going and where he was coming from . Woods asked how far from his house he was . It should be noted that Woods was heading southbound away from Hobe Sound . Takes several prescriptions . ”
Woods told the officer that he was taking Solarex , Vicodin , Torix and Vioxx , the last of which the officer added a note indicating `` not taken this year . ''
The warning listed by the FDA for hydrocodone painkillers like Vicodin states `` may impair the mental and/or physical abilities required for the performance of potentially hazardous tasks such as driving a car or operating machinery ; patients shoould be cautioned accordingly . ''
Woods has undergone four back surgeries between April 2014 and April 2017 . The 14-time major champion has not played since withdrawing from the Omega Dubai Desert Classic in February .
A woman was struck and killed by an autonomous Uber vehicle in Tempe , Arizona , last night , according to local news reports on Monday .
Local police told ABC 15 that the vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time , with a driver operator inside .
The pedestrian was crossing the street outside of the crosswalk when she was struck , and later died at the hospital .
Uber has been testing its autonomous vehicles in Arizona for over a year . In March 2017 , Uber suspended its self-driving program in Arizona for two days after an autonomous vehicle crashed , flipping onto its side .
Uber told BuzzFeed News that it has halted its self-driving operations in Phoenix , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto . The company also provided the following statement from the Tempe Police Department :
We wanted to provide an update to the Uber accident that occurred overnight on Mill Ave. just south of Curry Rd . The vehicle involved is one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles . It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision , with a vehicle operator behind the wheel . The vehicle was traveling northbound just south of Curry Rd . when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when she was struck by the Uber vehicle . She was transported to a local area hospital where she passed away from her injuries . Her next of kin has not been notified yet so her name is not being released at this time . Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation .
Uber said in a tweet Monday , `` We 're fully cooperating with @ TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident . '' CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted , `` We 're thinking of the victim 's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened . ''
Imageworks Expands Render Farm and Boosts Throughput by Fifty Percent to Meet Accelerated Production Timelines
PITTSBURGH , PA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Avere Systems , a leading provider of hybrid cloud enablement solutions , today announced that Sony Pictures Imageworks has deployed Avere FXT Edge filer 5600 clusters to support the studio 's ongoing render farm expansion and to ensure non-disruptive scalability . Imageworks uses Avere technology to help it deliver award-winning visual effects and animation while staying on budget and meeting demanding production timelines . The company implemented its first Avere FXT Edge filer cluster in 2010 , and most recently deployed Avere FXT Edge filer 5600 clusters to support the studio 's ongoing render farm expansion and to ensure non-disruptive scalability . The new deployment provided a 50 percent boost in throughput without the high cost of expanding or replacing current storage architecture .
Sony Pictures Imageworks , renowned for its live-action visual effects and dynamic character animation in major Hollywood films , tackles large-scale projects that often have accelerated production schedules and place pressure on to compute resources , requiring frequent render farm scaling . The company recently completed a 20 percent render farm expansion , with plans to increase an additional 20 percent in the coming year . To support this growth , Sony Pictures Imageworks chose to deploy the Avere 5600 series as a high-performance layer between the render farm and storage infrastructure . This enables the studio to continue running at scale , cost-effectively and without any change or impact to workflows , even as it added tens of thousands of cores .
`` When we first began working with Avere , our render farm was about one quarter the size it is today , '' said Stephen Kowalski , Vice President of Systems Engineering at Sony Pictures Imageworks . `` As a long-time customer , we appreciate how the Avere FXT Edge filer solution has evolved to continue to meet requirements in line with our own advances in animation and VFX , as well as with the significant growth across our render farm , production pipeline and workforce . Avere has allowed us to continually scale performance to meet demand and to support our artists working to deliver first-class VFX and animation . ''
`` Sony Pictures Imageworks is a great example of how Avere technology helps VFX studios remove production bottlenecks , making artist collaboration easier and reducing the risk of delays , '' said Ron Bianchini , President and CEO of Avere Systems . `` With Avere , VFX studios are experiencing vast performance improvements in throughput between cloud compute and storage resources . We are pleased to support Sony Pictures Imageworks in creating new exciting projects . ''
About Avere Systems
Avere helps enterprise IT organizations enable innovation with high-performance data storage access , and the flexibility to compute and store data where necessary to match business demands . Customers enjoy easy reach to cloud-based resources , without sacrificing the consistency , availability or security of enterprise data . A private company based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Avere is led by industry experts to support the demanding , mission-critical hybrid cloud systems of many of the world 's most recognized companies and organizations . Learn more at www.averesystems.com .
Now owned by barbeque maker Weber , the iGrill family of Bluetooth meat thermometers let you see the temperature inside your meat , via an app or small console .
Weber
It 's the season to take your party to the backyard . But that does n't mean you need to be without your tech .
Some devices worked better than others , as you 'll see below , so consider the following a handful of tips to enhance your summer fun in the front or backyard .
A word to the wireless
If you want Wi-Fi in the backyard , you may want to invest in a MESH system , like Dlink 's Covr , to broaden the reach of your wireless network .
D-Link Corp/D-Link systems
If you 're bringing a Wi-Fi speaker to enjoy music by the pool – such as a Sonos One or Google Home Max – remember your wireless network will have to extend outside .
If your router ca n't handle it , buy yourself an inexpensive repeater or extender to help broaden the range of your router . They start at about $ 25 .
Or better yet , if you 're due for an upgrade , consider a “ MESH ” Wi-Fi system that often includes two , three or four pucks or hubs ( access points ) to place around your home . Make sure one is near the door or window closest to where you are outside .
Personally , I 've had great success with the D-Link Covr system ( $ 214 ) , which also replaces your router .
Especially now that your neighbors might be able to access your network , be sure to have a good password on it – so they ca n't steal your Wi-Fi – and for added privacy , do n't have your family name as part of your network name ( SSID ) , like “ SmithFamily. ” My little trick ? I call my wireless network “ Virus Alert , ” so people might be reluctant to join it . Sneaky , huh ?
You can always go with a Bluetooth wireless speaker , too , of course . I 've been playing around with the impressive Monster Dynamite Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker ( $ 229 ) , which can float on water and has a 12-hour battery ( and can charge up your smartphone , too ) .
Monster 's Dynamite speaker is n't just wireless and waterproof , but it 's floatable , too .
Monster
Other recommended outdoor tech items include a SunBrite TV ( from $ 1,499 ) to binge Netflix shows while soaking in a hot tub , the iGrill 2 ( $ 67 ) Bluetooth-enabled BBQ meat thermometer and the Parrot Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ( $ 99 ) .
Lights , power , action
Portable battery packs like these Mophie models are good to have outdoors in the summer .
mophie
To avoid plugging your tech into an AC outlet , which might prove challenging while lying in the sun , make sure you have a good battery pack for your smartphone , such as Mophie Portable Chargers ( from $ 49 ) .
I did n't have much luck with a solar charger I tried – the Goal Zero Nomad 7 Plus Solar Pane ( $ 99 ) – as it just took way too long to juice up my smartphone . A battery booster is still the right way to go , but try to avoid having your devices in direct sunlight , too , which can impact performance .
The Kindle Oasis waterproof ebook reader is more ideal for outside reading than a glare-causing tablet .
Amazon.com
Speaking of lighting , my wife Kellie and I recently installed Philips HUE light bulbs inside the home and on our backyard deck , and we love being able to use our voice ( via Alexa and Google Assistant ) or the app to dim the lights , change colors or set schedules and a timer . Prices are $ 199 for a Philips HUE Starter Kit ( four bulbs and a wireless bridge ) . While they 're not technically designed for outside use , they work on our ( covered ) deck , but Philips will soon release an outdoor line of HUE products , in white or color bulbs ( from $ 129 ) .
E-book readers such as the waterproof Amazon Kindle Oasis ( from $ 249 ) are recommended over tablets , as they 're much easier to read in bright sunshine .
Robots , please
Let a robot cut your grass for you while you sip a cold one in a lawn chair . That 's the idea behind the Husqvarna Automower 315x .
Husqvarna AB
We 've been using Husqvarna 's robotic lawnmower products for a couple of years now .
Yes , just like a Roomba can vacuum your floor indoors , the aptly named Automowers ( from $ 1,499 ) will quietly cut your grass in a front yard or backyard . You first need to install a ground wire ( included ) for the lawn mower to follow and avoid areas you do n't want it to go into ( such as a flower garden ) , but it will navigate around other objects , such as rocks , garden gnomes or fences .
The weatherproof Husqvarna Automower 315x ( $ 1,999 ) is also smart enough to detect when it 's running low on battery , navigate itself back to the base , charge itself up and then continue the job . You can give commands via keypad , through the app and , coming soon , using your voice ( with support for both Amazon Echo and Google Home devices ) .
Anti-theft technologies include a high-decibel siren and GPS tracking .
Caveat emptor
Being a gadget geek , I was intrigued by the Q18S smartwatch from Wish.com , at only $ 22 – including shipping !
I mean , at a fraction of the price of an Apple Watch or Android Wear device , it was worth giving this a shot to wear around this summer .
Wearable tech is great for summer , but not this inexpensive Q18S model found online .
JZORI
According to the description , not only does it calculate your activity and show you who 's texting and calling , but it has a color touch screen , built-in camera , a slot for a nano SIM card ( to use without needing a smartphone ) and expandable memory ( say , to hold music files ) .
Alas , the issues started right away . I used my smartphone to scan the QR code in the manual to download the companion app , but once installed , a number of Alibaba pop-up ads kept showing up on my phone . Sigh . The camera only takes photos upside down , strangely , and both of the valid SIM cards I own did n't work .
Well , that was that . I guess you get what you pay for .
Follow Marc on Twitter : @ marc_saltzman . Email him at tech @ marcsaltzman.com
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Lagos at 50 Years
This is Lagos , home away from home ;
A home where we all have a sense of belonging ;
The heart-beat of the giant of Africa ;
The place where many giants
A place where men are made wise ;
Home of the black ;
Full of culture and belief ;
Center of excellence ;
Where every tribe has equal right and equal vote ;
A land full of opportunities and excitement ;
For those who can think , they can dream it ;
For those who can dream , they can see it ;
For those who can see , they can have it ;
A place where role-model are being nurtured ;
And champions are being created ;
Atmosphere for those who wants to explore ;
A training ground for those who wants to learn ;
Home for those who seek to perform ;
Room for those who want to give a try ;
Space for those who are talented ;
Opportunities for those who are creative ;
Lagos , a land full of success stories for all those who crave and thirst for it ;
They shall be filled ;
I ANIFOWOSE ADEYEMI , am number one and this is the emergence of my success story ; Watch out for me at the top .
If you are not lazy in Lagos , you too can make it .
N.B : IF YOU 'RE IN LAGOS AND YOU 'RE NOT SMART YOU CAN BE SMART ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD .
EKO O NI BAJE O… . ITESIWAJU EKO
Comments
comments
When your camera goes dutch wither something 's gone horribly awry on the screen…or just with your camera rig . Find out more in this week 's visual glossary term from moviola.com .
Support ProVideo Coalition Shop with
Filmmaking Online Training by Moviola In Stock , Order Today $ 55.00 Shop Now
Was This Post Helpful :
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
DuPage courthouse evacuated for less than half hour , everyone OK
hello
The DuPage County Judicial Center was evacuated for less than a half hour this morning .
At the time , 9:53 a.m. , authorities said the evacuation was not a drill .
But it was later learned that the alarmed appeared to have been triggered by construction debris caused in a renovation of offices .
Rosy is the lady accused by people close to the actress of dating Churchill , something she 's since denied , but why not take advantage of the attention ? : - ) . See more photos after the cut…
While fans await to know about Disha Vakani 's comeback on Taarak Mehta 's Ooltah Chashmah , her recent announcement has left many heartbroken . The actress who took a maternity break from the show , took to her Instagram account recently to make an announcement . She portrayed the character Dayaben on the show , that managed to win a huge fan following .
Addressing the on-going fans ' concern and eagerness with regard to Disha 's comeback on the show , she said on Instagram , `` Everyone is telling me to come back on show especially you all peoples . I really missed the trkmoc . I likely to come on show . But circumstances does n't favour this . 💞
Thanks for understanding and supporting me ! Keep loving and watching Tarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah . # Dishadiloves # trkmoc '' - ( sic )
Does her comment mean she might return to the sets eventually ? But the heartbroken fans could n't resist from pleading the actress to return on their favourite show . The comments on Instagram read , `` Pleaseee comeback everyone loves you sooo much . Look back at ur episodes . U act the best out them all . Everyone watches tmkoc I watch it here in America all my cousins watch as well . My cousin in canada . And my cousin and Pakistan . And my cousin in Australia . Pleaseeeeeee comeback . `` - ( sic )
The actress gave birth to a baby girl last November ( 2017 ) , and has been missing from the show since . Fans also spoke about the baby saying , `` Mam we love you and we understand that your baby needs you . Take your time but please return to the show . It 's okay if you return even after 3 or 5 years but please come back on the show . '' We hope to see Disha back on the show soon !
Must Read- Naagin 3 Actresses Share Goofy Picture From The Sets !
Zayn Malik probably regrets getting Gigi Hadid 's eyes tattooed on his chest Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid have split up , but not before the British crooner got his supermodel girlfriend 's eyes inked across his chest . Malik is far from the first celebrity ...
Amber Rose 's breast reduction takes her from H to D-cup `` I was really , really big . I think now I might actually just be a D cup , which is really small for me , '' Rose beamed .
Amber Rose is getting a breast reduction `` My breast reduction surgery is tmrw , '' Rose wrote Tuesday on Instagram .
Behind the scenes at Amber Rose 's SlutWalk Attorney Lisa Bloom talked to Page Six about her experience at the third annual SlutWalk .
Scenes from Amber Rose 's SlutWalk Celebs take the streets for the 2017 event .
Amber Rose and 21 Savage took PDA down a notch at Vegas show `` Amber kept her sunglasses on all night and arrived in Vans sneakers , '' the spy said . `` Not typical for her usual Vegas attire . ''
Amber Rose permanently swaps Wiz Khalifa for Slash The Slut Walk founder 's divorce from the rapper was finalized last year .
The Chicago Blackhawks have one of the best anthem singers in hockey with Jim Cornelian behind the mic , so the pressure was on for the Predators to counter with a strong anthem of their own prior to Game 3 in Nashville .
Luckily , Music City 's hockey team has quite a heavy-hitter firmly in their corner .
The Preds called on country music star Carrie Underwood , who is married to team captain Mike Fisher , to perform the anthem before their first home playoff game on Monday night . Wearing her husband 's jersey , Underwood belted the Star Spangled Banner and , unsurprisingly , got a huge ovation from an excited crowd in Nashville .
Chicago headed into Nashville already down two games to nothing and having yet to score a goal in the series , so having a Grammy-award winning artist take the mic in your opponent 's building is just a little salt in the wound . That being said , Chicago 's anthem still reigns supreme across the NHL .
MOGADISHU , Somalia — A Somali journalist says a car bomb killed a fellow journalist in the capital late Monday .
Ahmed Mohamed , who works for Kalsan TV , said Mohamed Ibrahim , a news presenter for the same broadcaster , died at a hospital after being injured by a bomb which concealed in his car in Mogadishu 's Wadajir district .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast .
Somalia is one of the most dangerous countries for media workers . According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , 59 journalists have been killed since 1992 , soon after a civil war began in this Horn of Africa nation . The deadliest year was 2012 when 18 journalists were killed .
Dear Visitor ,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on .
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is , of course , available to you absolutely free of charge .
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content , which is written by professional journalists , with the help of editors , graphic designers , and our site production and I.T . staff , as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site .
So , we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker 's `` white list '' or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before : the world 's largest clean room , kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination , where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch .
Murad 's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits ; the replica of the massive new space telescope , the most powerful ever built , that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang .
Murad is obsessed with space . He has been ever since he was three , back in his home country Uzbekistan . His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space , and he could n't stop looking at the images of the solar system . Soon after , he told his parents his dream : He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA .
On this recent day , he was getting a private tour of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad 's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year . In January , NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens . The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 , when Murad was nine . When they first landed in Kansas City , Murad spoke no English . Now , heading into his junior year of high school , he 's on an accelerated track , taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses .
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio , and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad 's goal is to work for NASA . He emailed NPR that same day , that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard . `` I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy , '' he wrote .
Cool , indeed . The connection was made , emails were exchanged , and last week , at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman , Murad and his mother , Limara Rahimova , made the trip to Goddard outside Washington , D.C. Schnittman , an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes , spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science .
Murad was clearly in his element , sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars , and a line from the movie : `` the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy . ''
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they 'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space . They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch . They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves . `` Amazing , '' Murad marveled .
Back in his office , ( `` black hole central , '' as he calls it ) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes . Naturally , they both share a hero in Albert Einstein , whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk . `` It 's remarkable , '' Schnittman said . `` It 's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff , and still , everything is Einstein . Einstein , Einstein , Einstein . ''
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel , Schnittman sounded optimistic . `` It 's really not that much of a stretch to say that we 're one step closer to time travel , '' he told Murad . `` This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago . According to the theory , the equations , time travel should be possible . The trick is just building it and getting it to work , but as far as we can tell , there 's no rule against it . ''
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch .
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows `` the sheer awesomeness , the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe . All these petty fights that people have between themselves , they are just insignificant . When you start thinking about space , you get lost in the vastness of it . That 's what captivates me the most . ''
Now that he 's a U.S. citizen , he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach . He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did . Murad was at school the day they took the oath : `` I came home and looked at my parents , and felt all this pride , '' he said . `` You could sense that something has changed . They were smiling from ear to ear . ''
For his mother , Limara , becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way . `` I felt before like I 'm between countries , '' she said . `` But now I feel like I 'm staying ... both my feet here in this land . ''
Limara works at a school , and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance . Before , she said , `` it did n't touch me . But now , yes ! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means . And it means , for me , a lot . ''
As for Murad ? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech , and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading . `` Some people , they tell me to try to get a real job , '' he said , `` of maybe not shooting so high . But nah . I 'm shooting for it . I 'm gon na chase my dreams . ''
Meantime , there 's a celestial show about to happen , one he 's been excited about for years : the total solar eclipse .
Murad 's hometown , Kansas City , is a perfect spot to see it : right in the path of totality .
Next Monday he will be outside , watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun , and dreaming big dreams of space .
Nancy Dubuc in talks to replace Shane Smith as Vice CEO Nancy Dubuc , the boss of A & E Networks , is in “ serious talks ” to replace Shane Smith as CEO of Vice Media , sources told The Post . Dubuc — who sources say is ...
Why 7 adults impersonated students at a Kansas high school The concept of adults returning undercover to high school is n't new in pop culture — see “ 21 Jump Street ” ( the TV and movie version ) or Drew Barrymore 's movie “ Never Been ...
A & E Networks to form partnership with women 's soccer league A & E Networks is set to announce a major deal to partner with women 's soccer , The Post has learned . The Disney-Hearst-owned cable programmer that houses female-focused Lifetime channel and is home ...
Here 's Why Kriti Sanon Wo n't Be Pleased !
We hear that during one of the segments of the show , Kat found herself in a tongue-tied situation when she was asked with whom would she never want to come on the show and Alia suggested her Kriti Sanon 's name .
Kat Is Unaware Of Kriti Sanon
Talking about it , a source told DNA , `` During the segment , Say it or Strip it , Neha asked Katrina to name a celebrity she would never want to come with on the show . Initially , Katrina was hesitant to give an answer , but Alia suggested Kriti 's name . Katrina accepted it but addressed Kriti as Kirti ! It was Alia who corrected her . ''
Katrina Does n't Approve Alia 's Fashion Sense
The 'Tiger Zinda Hai ' actress that she does n't approve Alia 's fashion outings . A DNA report quoted a source as saying , `` During a segment called Scary Spice , Katrina , commenting on Alia 's sense of fashion , stated that she is n't particularly fond of how the latter dresses . She said that she would like to see Alia don more vibrant shades . ''
But They Are Friends Yaa !
Speaking about how they became BFFs , the source quoted , `` They revealed that they grew fond of each other while spending time together at the Bandra gym . Alia said that Katrina usually needs a partner to work out with , and finds one in her . ''
Alia Turns To Katrina For Love Advice
`` Alia confessed that Katrina has always given her relationship advice in times of need . Katrina was seen taking on a philosophical tone . ''
This Celeb 's Style Sense Makes Katrina Go WTF !
`` It was for a segment called Scary Spice . First , she named Ranveer Singh but later tried to balance it by adding that she meant it in a good way . ''
The Fun Banter
`` In another segment , when Neha asked the ladies to give advice to one another , Alia remarked , `` Leave the gym and focus on men instead , '' to which Katrina by saying , `` I am waiting for Alia to get married first . ''
Iron ore price tumbles to a near six-month low
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
NEW YORK — A 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism related charges in the U.S .
The U.S. Justice Department says Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy was one of three people arrested in New York City in connection with an alleged Islamic State-inspired plot more than a year ago .
The plot was revealed Friday after the case was unsealed .
A justice department news release issued Friday says El Bahnasawy , who has been in custody since the FBI arrested him in May 2016 , pleaded guilty to terrorism offences and is awaiting sentencing .
The release says El Bahnasawy is from Mississauga , Ont .
The other two accused are an American citizen and a citizen from the Philippines .
The Canadian Press
Vote For Minnesota 's Best Hard Cider The air 's getting crisp , every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock , and fall is sweeping into Minnesota !
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend . Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions . While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules , for other activities a weekend guide can be useful .
Fire crews were called out to a blaze in Coldside in the early hours of this morning .
Firefighters raced to Lorimer Street at about 12.50am after reports of a fire at a bin store in the street .
Two appliances from Macalpine Road Fire Station and one from Blackness Road Fire Station were tasked with bringing the blaze under control .
There were no reports of any injuries .
A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service : “ Scottish Fire and Rescue crews attended a small fire at a block of flats in Lorimer Street around 12.50am on February 15 .
“ The fire occurred in one of the bin stores .
“ Three appliances were sent to bring the fire under control and crews stood down at 1.45am once it had been extinguished .
Legendary performer Stevie Wonder has announced his mini-residency over at Park Theater at Park MGM .
Stevie Wonder is one of the most celebrated and prominent figures in popular music who , at the age of 12 , was the youngest recording artist to have achieved a # 1 single with “ Fingertips , Part 2 ” .
To date he has amassed 49 Top Forty singles , 32 # 1 singles and worldwide sales of over 100 million units . Stevie has won 25 Grammy Awards , the prestigious Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , a Golden Globe and an Academy Award .
Stevie has received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , and he is a designated U.N. Messenger of Peace with special focus on persons with disabilities . He continues to be a pivotal influence in U.S. and world events , demonstrating the activism that has made him such a vital voice for social progress and world harmony .
His residency , The Stevie Wonder Song Party : A Celebration of Life , Love & Music will have 5 performances at Park Theater at Park MGM .
Those dates are scheduled for August 3 , 4 , 8 , 10 and 11 at 8 p.m .
Tickets start at $ 69 and go one sale Monday , May 21 at 10 a.m. ( PST ) They can be purchased online here .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Photo : Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé , the beer 's namesake and label inspiration , ordered the creators to cease and desist . The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce 's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it . Now , members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles .
Related : Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment .
“ As a Hispanic , female-run business , I am very inspired by her so I thought I 'd pay homage , ” Martinez told Pitchfork . “ We 're disappointed she did n't take it as a compliment , but oh well . It was fun while it lasted ! ”
Bey and her representatives have not commented .
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles , including Bon Appétit magazine , which wrote that it 's “ perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song . ”
We 'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé , but it 'd be a shame to waste it .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $ 400m in 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – The Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office is tracking the deadly shooting out of Cleveland that was broadcast live on Facebook over the weekend .
The sheriff 's office has a Criminal Intelligence Center that conducts analysis , research and collects data .
“ Unfortunately , that 's the reality today , right ? The tools , the apps , the predominance of cellphones . It 's just a fact of life , ” said Bruce Langos , the director of the Montgomery County 's Criminal Intelligence Center .
Langos is one of thousands who say he watched Steve Stephens shoot and kill a man on a live broadcast on Facebook .
“ It 's horrific . I 'm disappointed someone would take an innocent life , ” said Langos .
He oversees a team in Dayton that combs through social media .
“ We can look at their social media environment , what their activity is like , whatever it might be . ”
They enter key words into a data system that alerts them to potential suspicious activity .
“ That runs on our desktops that allows us to look at a series of phrases , acronyms that we can put into a search , ” he said .
After learning about the shooting and manhunt out of Cleveland , Langos said his agency did a search for Stephens in the Miami Valley to see if he had any reason to come here .
“ We did not find any known associations in our region , ” said Langos .
Most beautiful girl in Nigeria 2014 Iheoma Nnadi is pictured below enjoying the holiday with her fiance Emenike and footballer Onazi and wife .
Iheoma Nnadi and Super Eagles , Fenerbache striker , Emmanuel Emenike got engaged in September , 2016 and have been rumoured to be pregnant and expecting their first child together .
http : //www.lailasblog.com/2017/01/pregnant-ex-beauty-queen-iheoma-nnadi-glows.html
By Reporter staff
Essex High School graduate and Endicott freshman Emma Farrington was named the Commonwealth Coast Conference ( CCC ) Rookie of the Week for the third time in just her first season running for the Gulls .
Farrington helped Endicott earn a fourth-place finish as the top runner on the team , placing 18th overall with a time of 24:36.3 ( 6:35.9 average mile ) on the 6K course . She was the fourth fastest freshman to cross the finish line .
Ethics panel still investigating de Blasio 's fundraising It ai n't over 'til the state 's top ethics watchdog panel howls . Mayor de Blasio has repeatedly boasted that federal and state prosecutors have examined his campaign fundraising practices and declined ...
How de Blasio 's 'equity ' push is driving up jail violence Beginning in December 2014 , Mayor de Blasio placed significant restrictions on how New York City correction officers can penalize and restrain violent criminals in city jails , ostensibly to ensure the ...
NYPD 's new top spokesman is former de Blasio aide A former top aide to Mayor Bill de Blasio is taking over the NYPD press office — and a police union boss accused Hizzoner of using the department as a ...
City Council investigating Kushner firms ' alleged false filings Mayor Bill de Blasio said Jared Kushner 's real estate firms may “ have a problem on their hands ” if they falsified records with the city Buildings Department . “ It 's not acceptable to ...
Taxpayers spent $ 14.5 million on legal bills for de Blasio and aides It cost taxpayers $ 14.5 million to defend Mayor de Blasio and his aides in federal and state investigations of his shady fundraising practices , it was revealed on Monday . Corporation Counsel ...
Cuomo uses dad 's 'tale of two cities ' to bash Trump , de Blasio over NYCHA Gov . Cuomo invoked his late dad 's soaring rhetoric to bash President Trump over the city 's “ disgusting ” public housing — and also get in some digs at Mayor de Blasio . Cuomo ...
Business prepare for delivery troubles as NYC bans curbside drop-offs Businesses are bracing for Monday 's delivery doomsday when the de Blasio administration bans curbside drop-offs in parts of the city to curb congestion . “ It will completely disrupt the way the ...
De Blasio , City Council appear at odds over City Charter reforms Mayor de Blasio and the City Council are forming separate commissions to revise the City Charter , with taxpayers left holding the multimillion-dollar tab . The council held a public hearing Friday ...
De Blasio : Give drivers a break for double-parking in bike lanes Is this part of Vision Zero , too ? Mayor de Blasio said Friday that drivers should n't be ticketed for drop-offs and pickups in bike lanes — even though it 's a blatant ...
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
A two-car crash on Long Island killed three people and injured four , police say .
According to Suffolk County police , the driver of a red Honda Civic lost control of the car and crossed the double yellow line and slammed into a Nissan Pathfinder in Medford just before 4:30 p.m. on Monday .
The two passengers inside the Honda , 20-year-old Dominick Lopez of Shirley , and 23-year-old Derek Buffa of Mastic Beach were ejected and were pronounced dead at the scene , police said . A passenger inside the Nissan , 67-year-old Aida Cardenas of Selden , was taken to an area hospital , where she died , officials said .
The driver of the Nissan and his wife were taken to an area hospital to be treated for non-life threatening injuries , authorities said . The couple 's 11-year-old son and 1-year-old son were also in the car and were taken to the hospital , where they are being treated for non-life threatening injuries , police said .
Both vehicles were impounded for safety and checked and police say they continue to investigate .
Meanwhile , earlier on Monday , a Long Island woman was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Lindenhurst in the early hours -- three months after her sister-in-law died in a crash there and less than two years after her brother met the exact same fate .
AMES , Iowa ( AP ) First-year coach Chris Beard got Texas Tech off to a fast start that engendered optimism in Lubbock .
The Red Raiders ( 11-2 , 0-1 Big 12 ) were reminded in their Big 12 opener that life wo n't be nearly so easy in league play .
Texas Tech rolled off 11 wins out of 12 to open the season , including eight victories by at least 20 points . It looked like the Red Raiders might do the same to Iowa State on Friday , but a 7+-minute scoreless stretch doomed them to a 63-56 loss .
Tech hosts No . 7 West Virginia on Tuesday – and then must travel to face No . 3 Kansas on Saturday .
” I 've got a lot of confidence and belief in our players . We 've got a good team , ” Beard said after the loss to the Cyclones .
Despite the very real prospect of a 0-3 start to Big 12 play , Beard is probably right .
The Red Raiders had a tumultuous offseason after reaching the NCAA Tournament a year ago for the first time since 2007 .
Coach Tubby Smith unexpectedly bolted for Memphis . Beard , a former longtime Tech assistant who coached last season at Arkansas-Little Rock , left UNLV after less than a month in Las Vegas to fill the void .
But Smith left Beard with the ingredients needed to compete in the Big 12 .
The Red Raiders have size , depth and experience , with five veteran starters led by point guard Keenan Evans and forward Zach Smith . Tech also spreads the ball around – four players average at least 11.5 points per game – and it 's among the best rebounding teams in the country , at over plus-11 per outing .
Still , the Red Raiders ' 11-1 start was questioned because it came against one of the weakest nonconference schedules in the county . They split their two biggest challenges , losing 67-65 to Auburn on a neutral floor and beating Richmond 79-72 .
” Even though we 're an experienced team in a lot of ways , we do have some players that have never played in the Big 12 . And as much as you try to explain it or as much as you try and challenge yourself with nonconference games … it 's not the Big 12 until you get here . So I think it 's a great learning experience . It 's an 18-round fight , ” Beard said .
For the first 30 minutes of the first round , Tech looked like a Big 12 contender .
The Red Raiders flummoxed the Cyclones on their home floor , a rare sight at Hilton Coliseum , and jumped ahead by as many as 14 . But with defeat looming , Iowa State coach Steve Prohm went to a four-guard lineup and the explosive Cyclones got rolling .
Iowa State got Tech out of the deliberate pace it prefers and the Red Raiders crumbled . Texas Tech shot just 26 percent from the floor and was outscored 38-21 in the second half .
It 'll be up to the Red Raiders to prove whether their inability to close out the Cyclones was a fluke or a sign of things to come .
” We went through that all of last year . You have to play out the games until the very end , ” Keenan Evans said . ” We knew coming in what we needed to do . We 've just got to get it done . ”
—
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP-Top25
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Rauner , Cook County assessor call on each other to resign
hello
Gov . Bruce Rauner says Cook County Assessor Joseph Berrios is part o f '' the unholy trinity of collusion , corruption , conflicts of interest in our property tax system . '' Associated Press/July 26 , 2017
Gov . Bruce Rauner demanded Monday that Democrat Joseph Berrios step down , calling the longtime Cook County assessor -- along with Rauner enemies J.B. Pritzker and House Speaker Mike Madigan -- part of `` the unholy trinity of collusion , corruption , conflicts of interest in our property tax system . ''
Berrios ' campaign , in turn , fought back , saying Rauner should `` do the people of Illinois a favor -- he should admit that he has failed as governor and resign . ''
Property taxes were ostensibly the issue , but both sides seemed more interested in dragging in other personalities to complicate the debate -- even President Donald Trump and disgraced political insider Stu Levine .
• For the complete story , visit chicago.suntimes.com .
Authorities in the Hungarian capital Budapest are to follow some other European cities by banning Segways in the city centre .
The ban will take effect from the middle of June and will also cover electric bikes , rickshaws and some other types of two-wheeled transport .
`` In Prague , the use of Segways has been banned , '' explained Segway tourist guide Szabolcs Egyeki , `` so several Prague companies moved their activities to Budapest , so the number of Segways in Budapest increased significantly . Now it is time for the local government to regulate . ''
The Segway tour operators argue that the devices offer tourists a great sight-seeing experience . They say they pay taxes and create jobs . but critics say there are too many and that they pose a danger to pedestrians
`` They are too quiet but they go very fast , so walkers do n't notice them , '' said the Mayor of the central district Peter Sot . `` We can see in the streets often people riding Segways without any experience , for the first time in their lives , but these machines weigh 30-40 kg and are driven by people with no experience of using them . ''
Belgian companies Parkwind , Eoly and Fluxys are planning to build an industrial-scale power-to-gas plant that converts renewable electricity into green hydrogen .
The trio said the aim is to develop a facility that can convert several megawatts of clean power into green hydrogen which can be transported and stored in existing natural gas infrastructure .
Hydrogen would be used to help offset the variability of renewables generation , such as offshore wind , by greening natural gas consumption and a feedstock in transport , logistics and industrial processes , they said .
The companies are currently examining the feasibility of the proposal .
Fluxys chief executive Pascal De Buck said : “ Our aim with this project is to unlock green gas as an additional renewable energy source alongside wind and sun , making our infrastructure an instrument for greening natural gas . ”
Image : Parkwind
It 's but a siren song for Andrew Bosomworth .
Treasury yields near a record high relative to bunds as the 10-year benchmark grazes the 3 percent threshold are little temptation for Pimco 's head of portfolio management in Germany . Bosomworth is more enticed by Italian government notes , Danish mortgage debt and Swedish covered bonds , which he says “ offer compelling alternatives to similar quality U.S. dollar securities . ”
The reason ? Hedging costs . They 're rising as short-term dollar interest rates swell to crisis-era highs -- and may rise further . In fact , on a swapped basis Treasury yields are actually lower compared to bunds than they were a month ago .
As U.S. President Donald Trump 's fiscal easing fuels economic growth , the hedging pain will intensify , according to an emailed note from Pimco 's Bosomworth Tuesday . The firm estimates the cost of hedging dollar exposure for euro investors could rise closer to 4 percent next year from just below 3 percent .
Given the rising rate to neutralize currency risk on U.S. securities , Asian investors have been turning to European bonds -- particularly France , Spain and Italy -- at the expense of Treasuries , according to Mohit Kumar , head of rates strategy at Credit Agricole .
Chasing higher-yielding U.S. government bonds with longer maturities or corporate bonds with lower ratings also comes with caveats , according to the Munich-based investor at Pimco . Late-cycle risks make bonds sold by companies with fragile balance sheets a questionable proposition , while a flattening yield curve makes long-dated government bonds unappealing , he said .
`` As the Fed raises rates further , adding to dollar currency hedging costs , European investors will need to reconsider their currency hedged U.S. dollar bond allocations , '' Bosomworth wrote .
— With assistance by Sebastian Boyd , and Anchalee Worrachate
Footage has emerged which appears to show what some are dubbing the “ eye of God . ”
The clip was filmed in China 's Inner Mongolia and shows a menacing looking cloud formation in the shape of a glaring eyeball .
The video is currently going viral on Chinese social media after a resident filmed it in the Hulunbuir Region .
No other details appear to be available on the extraordinary clip which was shot on June 25 .
But it does seem like the sky is clear , apart from a single cloud which weirdly hovers over the sun .
It comes after incredible footage claims to show God walking across the sky between clouds in a patch of brilliant white light .
The astonishing clip begins by showing a storm gathering in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , as huge grey clouds loom .
The woman who posted it said : “ Hey , we 've got a storm over here .
“ We got no power , everything blowing over here , boxes , trees . ”
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
ABOITE ROAD
Closed to through traffic at Lafayette Center Road until further notice . Only right turns allowed at intersections .
WEST COUNTY LINE ROAD
Closed at Lafayette Center Road until further notice . Only right turns allowed at intersections .
Former Bigg Boss contestant Sofia Hayat is once again in news and this time for her new music video with her husband Vlad . Produced , written and sung by Sofia , the music video is called Om Shanti Om !
Sharing the teaser of the video , Sofia wrote , `` My new music video and song is out now ! Om Shanti Om . Watch the full video on my YouTube channel exclusively ! Please see the whole video on my YouTube so you can see the whole story of Om Ashanti Om . ''
Sofia was thrashed for using Hindu chant 'Om ' in the lovemaking video with husband . This is not the first time , Sofia is being trolled . She has been sharing a lot of such controversial posts . Apparently , Sofia has taken the precaution as she has blocked negative comments on YouTube , but trolls have n't spared her on Instagram .
Sofia was in news for turning into a nun . She shocked everyone with her marriage . She tied the knot with Vlad Stanescu , an interior designer by profession , on April 24 . The wedding took place as per the Egyptian customs . The theme of their wedding was 'God 's goddesses fairies and angel ' .
Sofia had participated in Bigg Boss 7 . After leaving the show , she had also filed a complaint against her BB housemate , Armaan Kholi , in which she claimed that she was manhandled by him in the house during the show .
From donning Swastik tattoo on feet to ( the recent one ) claiming that she was molested in Mecca , and now this music video - the actress has managed to stay in the limelight .
Some 1.8 million Palestinians in Gaza remain ‘ locked in ' , denied free access to the remainder of the territory and the outside world . That 's according to the United Nations ' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) .
`` University graduates face a suffocating siege that has destroyed most of the opportunities . ''
More than half of Gaza 's residents - 53 percent , or 1.01 million people , including more than 400,000 children - live in poverty , on less than 4 euros a day .
Gaza 's economy has been devastated since the 2007 blockade .
`` There are official estimates of the unemployment rate in the Gaza Strip reaching between 43 and 44 percent overall with the youth unemployment at 50 to 60 percent , '' says economist Moeen Raja .
`` As a result of the the blockade , there are no job opportunities . All doors to any productive or developmental work are closed , thus the employment opportunities have greatly reduced . ''
Gaza Sky Geeks is a Mercy Corps-funded tech accelerator that operates inside blockaded Gaza .
The incubator encourages Gazans to work remotely .
`` Working remotely is a way of life for anyone with a certain skill or that can deliver it online , '' says Sky Geek 's Saeed Habeeb .
`` We all live here , see and suffer from our surroundings . University graduates face a daily suffocating siege that has destroyed most of the opportunities , there are no new jobs at all , and opportunities are gradually diminishing . ''
`` I am a university student in the fourth level now , '' says Dalal Al-Aziz . `` I know that when I graduate i wo n't have any job opportunities because I see all the former graduates are still unemployed . ''
`` I work at home , '' explains Loay Qannan . `` I just need a laptop , electricity , Internet and cell phone . These are basic needs , I ca n't work without them , so we face many difficulties here because of lack of electricity or the Internet . ''
An ongoing electricity crisis leaves Gaza residents with just a few hours of power a day .
Some years ago the UN warned that Gaza is expected to be unlivable by 2020 . It now says living conditions are deteriorating even `` further and faster '' than predicted .
Uncle , starring Mammootty in the lead role is gearing up to grace the big screens on Aprl 27 , 2018 . After the teaser and the trailer of the movie , the makers of the film have come up with yet another teaser of the movie , which has further raised the expectations on this upcoming movie .
The new teaser has been launched through the official facebook page of Mammootty . The 28 seconds long teaser of the movie features a conversation between Mammootty and the movie 's lead actress Karthika Muraleedharan . In the teaser , KK , the character played by Mammootty in the movie , describes the beauty of the character played by Karthika Muraleedharan in Uncle .
Well , the new teaser should strengthen the reports that Mammootty will be seen essaying a character with different shades in the film . Importantly , we definitely can expect yet another hard-hitting performance from Mammootty . The matching background score in the teaser of the film is also a major highlight . The teaser has already fetched above 60K views on Facebook within a short span of time .
Uncle has been directed by debut film-maker girish Damodar . The movie has its script penned by actor Joy Mathew who is also a part of the cast list . Suresh Krishna , Muthumani , KPAC Lalitha etc. , will also be seen essaying important roles in the movie . The film has bagged a clean ' U ' certificate .
Afghan sets self alight at German supermarket warehouse
hello
BERLIN -- German police say that a 19-year-old Afghan asylum-seeker has suffered serious burns after setting himself on fire at a supermarket warehouse in Bavaria .
Police said that the man poured gasoline over himself and set himself ablaze early Monday in Gaimersheim , a town between Nuremberg and Munich . He had bought the gasoline shortly before at a filling station .
The blaze was extinguished swiftly by other people at the scene , but the man was seriously injured .
The man 's motives were n't immediately clear . Police say he was carrying a knife but did n't use it .
Yamaha Continues Support of Responsible Access to Land for Outdoor Recreation into 2017
KENNESAW , GA -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA , announces the Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative awarded more than $ 350,000 in funds and equipment to 26 grant recipients in 2016 . The final grants for 2016 comprised more than $ 73,000 awarded to four recipients , including support for both National Hunting and Fishing Day ( NHF Day ) and the Progressive Agricultural Foundation 's Safety Day program .
`` For a decade , Yamaha has been supporting National Hunting and Fishing Day 's message of responsible outdoor recreation and open access , and with an Access Initiative grant to the Progressive Agricultural Foundation , we extend that message to families and youth in the farming and ranching communities across the country , '' said Steve Nessl , Yamaha 's ATV and SxS group marketing manager . `` With the challenges facing access to our nation 's land , the Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative remains a steadfast resource supporting those working to responsibly , safely and sustainably protect and expand the opportunities for enjoying the outdoors . ''
The Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative continues to serve the greater outdoor recreational community , promoting safe and responsible use of ATV and SxS vehicles , as well as providing support for grassroots projects that protect , expand and improve access to land for diverse , public use and enjoyment . Most recently Yamaha worked to spread awareness of the importance of open and sustainable access at the 2017 National Shooting Sport Foundation 's ( NSSF ) SHOT Show in Las Vegas -- an event that brought together more than 64,000 professionals in the shooting , hunting and outdoors industry .
As the powersports industry 's leading land access advocate protecting the interests of those who work and play outdoors , Yamaha 's Outdoor Access Initiative supports off-highway vehicle ( OHV ) riders and drivers , as well as those who rely on land access to camp , hunt , fish or farm . The 2016 Q4 Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative grant recipients are :
Alvwood Squaw Lake ATV Club , Minnesota
Montana Trail Vehicle Riders Association , Montana
National Hunting and Fishing Day – Wonders of Wildlife , Missouri
The Progressive Agriculture Foundation , Alabama
The Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative continues to accept qualified applications for consideration of support and funding . For more information on the Outdoor Access Initiative , or to submit a grant application , visit www.YamahaOAI.com . Be sure to follow Yamaha Outdoors online at www.facebook.com/YamahaOutdoors , www.twitter.com/YamahaOutdoors or www.instagram.com/YamahaOutdoors .
About the Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative
The Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative is the industry leader in guaranteeing responsible access to our nation 's land for outdoor enthusiasts . Through this program , Yamaha has directly and indirectly supported thousands of miles of motorized recreation trails , maintained and rehabilitated riding and hunting areas , improved staging areas , supplied agricultural organizations with essential OHV safety education , built bridges over fish-bearing streams and partnered with local outdoor enthusiast communities across the country to improve access to public lands . Each quarter , Yamaha accepts applications from nonprofit or tax-exempt organizations including OHV riding clubs and associations , national , state and local public land use agencies , outdoor enthusiast associations and land conservation groups with an interest in protecting , improving , expanding and/or maintaining access for safe , responsible and sustainable public use . A committee then reviews each application and awards grants to deserving projects . Examples of appropriate projects for grants include , but are not limited to :
Trail development , restoration and maintenance
Trail signage and map production
Staging area construction , renovation and maintenance
Land stewardship , safety and education
Updated guidelines , an application form and information on the Outdoor Access Initiative are available at www.YamahaOAI.com . For specific questions about the Outdoor Access Initiative , call Yamaha 's dedicated hotline at 1-877-OHV-TRAIL ( 877-648-8724 ) , email OHVAccess @ yamaha-motor.com or write to :
Yamaha Outdoor Access Initiative
Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA
1270 Chastain Road
Kennesaw , GA 30144
About Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA
Yamaha Motor Corporation , USA , ( YMUS ) , a leader in the motorsports market , makes the toughest , most capable and versatile ATV and Side-by-Side vehicles . The company 's ever-expanding product offerings also include motorcycles , outboard motors , personal watercraft , snowmobiles , boats , outdoor power equipment , accessories , apparel and much more . YMUS products are sold through a nationwide network of dealers in the United States .
Headquartered in Cypress , Calif. , since its incorporation in 1976 , Yamaha also has facilities in Wisconsin and Georgia , as well as factory operations in Tennessee and Georgia . For more information on Yamaha , visit www.YamahaMotorsports.com .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130372/Images/OAI_Logo-d2d55028b08a92f2892e44bcb6c17fc5.jpg
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130372/Images/Yamaha_OAI_-_Low_Res-91a47776233b8e9b816e6537dfa037c0.jpg
Embedded Video Available : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d5pj1Rq9VZM
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. is still in the running for his first NASCAR Cup Series title . But the newly turned 30-year-old is already a champion – The Golf Guys Tour champion .
Stenhouse competes in a super intense 16-man league along with fellow NASCAR drivers Denny Hamlin , Kyle Larson and Michael Waltrip . The Golf Guys Tour opened its second season in April , and it includes coveted trophies , tour apparel and even sponsors – like Prevost , the company behind Stenhouse 's motor home .
Closing out the season with a two-day tournament Tuesday and Wednesday , Stenhouse shot 74 in the final round with four birdies on his way to the championship . He said his all-time best score is 72 , but he 's never had so many birdies .
“ I probably shot the best round of my life ( Wednesday ) , ” Stenhouse , the No . 17 Sunny D Ford driver , told For The Win ahead of the Bank of America 500 at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
“ I hit some bad shots , but I recovered to make par on a lot of holes . ( It ) just felt like the best round I 've played altogether . I 'll generally shoot an 80 , dip into the 70s five or six times throughout the year . It as just one of those days where everything clicked , and I felt like I could make any putt I was trying . ”
Described as the “ most frustrated amateurs on tour , ” a lot of the players already regularly played golf together . But as professional athletes , Stenhouse said he and Hamlin could n't resist making it more competitive , so the Golf Guys Tour was born . He edged out second-place finisher Hamlin – the 2016 tour champion – to win this year and said he considers the No . 11 Toyota driver his biggest competition .
They play at different courses around North Carolina , and ended the season at The Peninsula Club outside of Charlotte . There also was a banquet dinner at Hamlin 's house .
Yung money @ KyleLarsonRacin is going to ride the high line into 2018 pic.twitter.com/YFEOSpdBnU — THE GOLF GUYS TOUR ( @ TheGolfGuysTour ) October 4 , 2017
Outside of the tour , some of these guys still regularly play together . Stenhouse explained that while their weekdays are usually fully booked – especially his this year because his No . 17 team won two regular season races – their schedules during race weekends often allow for 18 holes after Saturday practices .
They even hit the course that 's partially inside Indianapolis Motor Speedway during the weekend of the Brickyard 400 this summer .
With 36 NASCAR races between February and November , Stenhouse said golf gives the drivers – along with NBC broadcasters Rick Allen and Steve Letarte , formerly Dale Earnhardt Jr. 's crew chief , and Waltrip , who 's retired and now with FOX Sports – a refreshing break from constantly focusing on racing .
“ For me , it 's a sport I 've played since I was younger , and I like it , ” Stenhouse said .
“ It 's hard , and you never really master it . There are things you do well , but there are things that you 've got ta keep practicing at . So I enjoy that aspect of it being hard and trying to challenge myself to get better at it . ”
With one amateur championship out of the way , Stenhouse is back to focusing on the track with his goals still in front of him . Sunday 's race is the first of three in the Round of 12 of the Cup Series playoffs .
With two regular season wins at Talladega Superspeedway and Daytona International Speedway , the No . 17 team qualified for the playoffs . After that , Stenhouse said their next goal was to advance out of the first round . Done .
“ Obviously , we want to transfer out of the second round as well , but we feel like we 've done at least the job we felt like we should be capable of doing , ” said the Roush Fenway Racing driver , who finished 25th , 15th and 19th in the Round of 16 's three races .
“ It really just keeps the morale going at the shop , being able to have a shot at advancing to the third round , and we 've got to make sure we do a lot better . ”
BRASILIA -- Around 60 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot sparked by a war between rival drug gangs in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus , officials said on Monday , Jan. 2 , in some of the worst violence in years in Brazil 's overcrowded penitentiary system .
The head of security for Amazonas state , Sergio Fontes , told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs .
Manaus ' Em Tempo newspaper reported that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall .
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7 a.m. on Monday , Fontes said . Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped , he added .
International watchdog groups sharply criticize Brazil for its prison system , where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out .
The massacre was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command ( PCC ) drug gang , Brazil 's most powerful , and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family .
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command ( CV ) drug gang , Brazil 's second largest .
Security analysts have said that a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year , resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons .
In the latest riot , a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late on Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus , an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River , Globo TV reported .
Fontes said that 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot , with some executed and some released .
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about .
Brazil 's prison system is precariously overcrowded and conditions in many institutions are horrific . That has sparked a rash of deadly riots in recent years .
Sunday 's riot was the deadliest in years . A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed , nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail .
TORONTO , ON -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Algae Dynamics Corp , ( OTCQB : ADYNF ) , a company engaged in the development of unique health products and pharmaceuticals that utilize hemp , cannabis and algae oils announced today that it has retained the services of The Eversull Group ( TEG ) , an experienced and successful Investor Relations and Shareholder Services firm , to assist the Company to increase visibility to the investment community , improve shareholder communications , and expand media relations .
Richard Rusiniak , CEO of Algae Dynamics Corp , commented , `` We are pleased to be working with The Eversull Group . By using their services , we will have a better corporate profile within the investment community and improve investors ' understanding of our company . ''
Jack Eversull , President and Founder of TEG , Inc. , said , `` The Eversull Group would like to welcome Algae Dynamics Corp and we are excited to have them as a new client . We are looking forward to getting their story out to the investment community and assist with their investor relations and shareholder services . ''
Algae Dynamics Corp is engaged in the development of unique health products and pharmaceuticals that utilize hemp , cannabis and algae oils . This is an extension of the Company 's plan to commercialize our proprietary BioSilo® algae cultivation system for the high volume , low cost production of pure contaminant-free algae biomass which is high in Omega-3 fatty acids . We have engaged two Canadian universities to provide research into the use of extracts from botanicals including cannabis and Omega 3 algae oil to develop products that combine significant health benefits . Our research/product development is focusing on cancer and mental health .
For more information on Algae Dynamics Corp , please visit www.algaedynamics.com .
The Eversull Group , Inc. ( www.TheEversullGroup.com ) was founded in 1997 by Jack Eversull . TEG is a full-service investor relations and shareholder services consulting firm focusing on customizing each client with strategic IR/PR programs to broaden investor awareness and enhance corporate image .
Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements : This press release may contain forward-looking information . There are many factors that could cause the Company 's expectations and beliefs about its operations , its services and service offerings , its results to fail to materialize . All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to us as of the date hereof . Management assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements . Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements made by us herein are discussed in filings we make with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and also reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and available on our website : www.sont.tv .
In his first comments about the Roseanne Barr debacle , President Trump on Wednesday slammed the CEO of Disney , which owns ABC , for not also apologizing to him .
“ Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ' made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC , ” Trump tweeted .
“ Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ” he added in a fit of sarcasm .
After ABC pulled the plug on “ Roseanne ” because of the acerbic comedian 's racist tweets , Iger said on Twitter : “ There was only one thing to do here , and that was the right thing . ”
Jarrett , a former Obama White House adviser who was the subject of some of Barr 's vile tweets , said she received a call from Iger Tuesday informing her about the show 's cancellation .
“ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj , ” Barr tweeted in reference to Jarrett , who is black .
She also linked former first daughter Chelsea Clinton to billionaire George Soros , who she falsely claimed was a Nazi collaborator .
On Tuesday , White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders insisted that Trump was too busy to weigh in on the controversy .
“ The president is focused on North Korea , he 's focused on trade deals , ” she said aboard Air Force One when asked for Trump 's reactions .
( AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar , File ) . FILE- In this Feb. 2 , 2017 , file photo , Groundhog Club handler John Griffiths holds Punxsutawney Phil , the weather prognosticating groundhog , during the 131st celebration of Groundhog Day on Gobbler 's Knob in Punxsutawn ...
PUNXSUTAWNEY , Pa. ( AP ) - Pennsylvania 's most famous groundhog foresees no early end to winter .
The handlers of Punxsutawney Phil said the furry rodent has called for six more weeks of winter after seeing his shadow at dawn Friday .
The top hat-wearing members of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club 's Inner Circle reveal Phil 's forecast every Feb. 2 . It is based on a German legend surrounding Candlemas . The legend says if a furry rodent casts a shadow that day , winter continues . If not , spring comes early .
In reality , Phil 's prediction is decided ahead of time by the group on Gobbler 's Knob , a tiny hill just outside Punxsutawney about 65 miles ( about 100 kilometers ) northeast of Pittsburgh .
Thousands of people gathered overnight to await the forecast , bundled up against the cold and entertained by folk music and a fireworks display , with temperatures around 11 degrees ( minus-12 Celsius ) .
The groundhog 's prediction is typically contained in a short poem .
`` Up early this morning . Far from home . Are you searching for the Phil-osopher 's stone ? Well , even my best friends , they do n't know . Is it an early spring or just more snow , '' the proclamation read . `` My faithful followers , your hands ( and my paws ) are getting cold so here is my forecast . Not lead , but solid gold : I see my royal Shadow ! Six more weeks of Winter to go ! ''
Records dating to 1887 show Phil has now predicted more winter 103 times while forecasting an early spring just 18 times - including last year . There are no records for the remaining years .
At the Staten Island Zoo In New York , Staten Island Chuck had a difference of opinion with Phil . Chuck - a three-decade veteran of weather predictions - did not see his shadow . That means he 's predicting an early spring .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio skipped Friday 's ceremony , several years after dropping a groundhog that later died .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A century ago , tuberculosis was called “ the white plague. ” It still claims more than a million lives a year around the world .
Friday morning , Mahoning County Commissioners agreed to place another renewal levy on the May ballot to fund the local tuberculosis clinic , which is run by the Mahoning County Board of Health .
Nurses with the department say they are three active TB cases in the county , but others that involve what 's called “ latent tuberculosis. ” In those cases , patients may have been exposed to the disease but still do n't show symptoms .
“ So we do case identification . We do case management . We provide medications to Mahoning County residents who have the disease . We do their blood work . We do chest x-rays . They see our physician , our TB medical control officer , ” said Erica Horner , director of nursing at the Mahoning County District Board of Health .
The county 's TB levy was first approved back in 1976 .
This latest five-year renewal would bring in almost $ 200 a year if it 's approved .
A standout three-sport athlete , Leighton Vander Esch excelled in football , basketball and track at the high school level . Coming from a very small town , he did not receive any scholarship offers to an FBS school , electing instead to walk-on at Boise State . There , he would be red-shirted and served as a backup his first two seasons before breaking out his junior year foregoing his senior year to declare for the NFL draft .
Definitive traits
An elite athlete , Vander Esch had the best overall performance of the 2018 LB class at the NFL combine and had the best score in the vertical jump , 3-cone drill and both 20 and 60 yard shuttle drills .
To go along with his elite athleticism , Vander Esch also has a highly developed football IQ that is on display when he drops into zone coverage .
He is able to read the QB 's eyes and diagnose passing lanes . He was the QB for his high school team that would go on to win the state championship as well as their star LB .
Despite playing the majority of his snaps last season as Boise State 's Will , Vander Esch is built like a prototypical MLB , similar to Rolando McClain . His arm length , which ranks in the 96th percentile for ILB 's according mockdraftable.com , is an incredible and unique advantage to possess as it would rank in the 77th percentile among interior OL meaning he would hold the length advantage against the vast majority of those trying to block him at the second level .
Developmental Concerns
Vander Esch is raw . His technique needs significant development to excel at the NFL level . As athletic as he may be , Vander Esch is still at a base level in his technical growth . He struggles to use his hands and length to disengage from blockers in the run game and is too easily washed out in traffic by more experienced blockers .
At times his elite athleticism can be a hindrance as he can get caught taking poor angles as his processing speed has n't caught up to his body .
Draft Grade : 7.85 ( 1st-2nd round )
It may only be a matter of time before everything clicks for Vander Esch , or he may never be able to grasp the subtitles of NFL hand placement , footwork and angle selection to reach that next level . The former Bronco certainly has all the tools to become a star in the NFL and the strong mental makeup to work hard to get there , the uncertainty of it and his small sample size from college will play a factor in his final destination on draft day . If he had produced the way he did over all three years of his collegiate career , he would more than likely be in the conversation for the draft 's best-available LB along with Roquon Smith .
A Ukrainian Ministry of Defense employee has caused a stir after posting bondage-themed pictures of herself online .
Alexandra Makarevich , who works as a lawyer for the Defense Department in Kiev , recently posted the raunchy photos on social media .
The Slavic civil servant regularly shares snaps of her luxurious lifestyle on her social media accounts , of holidays around Europe , and of picturesque beaches .
The 29-year-old beauty was also snapped wearing a leather bunny mask while sexily posing alongside another woman .
The gorgeous blonde lives in the capital city of Kiev in north-central Ukraine .
Speaking about her online oversharing of , she is reported to have said : “ My ego is exposed to the humanity like my Facebook profile . ”
“ My shadow is covered by masks , words and actions . ”
“ Mostly I managed to tell about myself in a positive light . ”
“ My negative side is felt by people on the intuitive level , when they sense lies and manipulation behind the picture . ”
Online commenters were quick to have their say on the stunning snaps .
User Wererat Psycho said : “ I swear this smart and talented young woman managed to achieve everything she has in life on her own . ”
Premier League is designed to keep things interesting Everything pointed to a terrible week of Premier League action . Liverpool was the only top six teams with a game because the rest were either playing in the FA Cup ...
What a classic Man U-Liverpool match could mean going forward United came out on top during the 200th league meeting between two of English soccer 's most storied clubs .
Premier League is too good for old ideas A refusal to evolve is hurting a number of Premier League teams this season .
The Premier League 's biggest embarrassment picked the worst savior Having won just one of their last 26 games , the West Midlands team 's premier league stay is all but over .
Examining Tottenham 's window for success What the latest North London derby tells us about its participants .
Premier League referee stars in the season 's most insane finish A dramatic clash between Liverpool and Spurs will be most remembered for some curious refereeing decisions .
Marco Silva succumbs to the weight of Watford 's expectations Seven weeks ago the young Portuguese manager was being wooed by Everton , this weekend he was fired .
David Moyes and West Ham still have some life left in them Two months after the Scot replaced Slaven Bilić as the Hammers ' manager , they 're finally out of the relegation zone .
No one 's catching Manchester City in the Premier League Pep Guardiola has all but clinched the league before the halfway point of the season .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Berbice man gets 15 years for 2015 killing
Leone La Rose , called “ Buju Banton ” , 24 , of Williamsburg , Corentyne , has been sentenced to 15 years in jail by Justice Sandil Kissoon in The Berbice High Court , New Amsterdam Berbice .
La Rose , who was on a charge of murder , pleaded guilty to the lesser count of manslaughter . The man was on trial for the murder of Sean Ricardo Pestano , 59 , on March 22 , 2015 .
Pestano was reportedly killed following an altercation between him and the accused who claimed Pestano insulted him about his mother .
State Prosecutor Attorney-at-law , Tuanna Hardy presented the state 's case .
According to information , the men were celebrating with Pestano who was only released from prison a few days earlier . Pestano had served a three-year sentence on a narcotics charge .
After the men got into the argument , La Rose left and went home and returned with a cutlass . He first broadsided Pestano who fell . The man then inflicted chops on Pestano left leg around the knee area causing parts of knee cap to fall out . The suspect then fled the scene . Pestano was subsequently picked up and rushed to the Port Mourant Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival .
La Rose had told investigators that it was not the first time that he was before the court . Information revealed that he was reportedly charged with a number of misdemeanours including wounding .
La Rose had also told authorities that he was a patient of the National Psychiatric Hospital at Fort Canje . During the Preliminary Inquiry it was ordered that La Rose undergo psychiatric evaluation .
A post mortem examination was conducted on the body of Pestano at the Port Mourant Hospital by Government Pathologist Dr. Vivikanand Bridgemohan . It revealed that he died from shock and haemorrhage due to incise wounds on the left leg and thigh .
Time served will be deducted .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — Kickball has been around for a hundred years .
In 1917 , Nicholas C. Seuss invented the game where people basically play baseball with their feet . Now , a century later , the once popular playground game is just as popular with adults .
This week , our Moving U segment moves to Palm Springs North Park , where grownups are channeling their inner children on the kickball diamond .
“ There 's a little bit of nostalgia there , ” says Rene Medina . “ Hey , I want to get back to what made me have fun . ”
Medina is one of the founders of KOALA Kickball . Why KOALA ? It stands for Kickball Obsessed Adult Leagues Association , and these adults are obsessed , alright !
“ They take it very intensely , ” Medina explained . “ The great thing about our sport is that even if you 're not very athletic , we have 40 , 50 60-year-olds playing . We also have 20 , 18-year-old 's playing . ”
KOALA has been around for two and a half years and in that time , it 's grown to four leagues with 40 teams and about 400 players . That 's a lot of people out there moving !
While it may seem like there 's a lot of standing around in kickball , in just one hour of playing , you can burn up to 400 calories .
“ Moving , kicking , running up and down , it 's amazing cardio , ” said player Kiko Gutierrez . “ Honestly , anyone can do it . ”
Anyone ?
CBS4 anchor Lauren Pastrana put that to the test . Admittedly , she has played in an adult kickball league before but concedes that does n't mean she was any good .
She met up with the group one recent Monday night and , just like in elementary school , they started out by picking teams after a round of “ Rock , Paper , Scissors ” to see who would choose first .
With a little coaching from Gutierrez , Lauren went up to the plate . First pitch — a ball .
“ Good eye , ” they all cheered . The next pitch was right down the middle , and Lauren went for the bunt as instructed .
She was thrown out at first but her teammate made it to third base and scored on the next play — a successful sacrifice bunt !
KOALA is part workout , part social hour . The league teams up with local restaurants for a little post-game fun .
“ I definitely got the trash talking down . I 'm the number one trash talker in the league , ” Gutierrez said . But there 's nothing but love between these friendly competitors .
“ This is so special to me , ” Gutierrez continued . “ All these people , I did n't even know three years ago . Now we go on family vacations together . We go on trips . We do leagues and outings . Not even friends , it 's more like family . ”
“ To an extent , I 'm shocked every time I come out here and I see people wearing our shirts , smiling , having fun and getting in shape , ” Medina added .
KOALA offers leagues in Miami Lakes , Cutler Bay , Tropical Park and Pembroke Pines .
There is a fee to join . Early registration is $ 45 for participation in eight regular games , at least one playoff game and a team t-shirt .
To learn more , visit http : //www.koalakickball.com/ .
The developments from the potential Conor McGregor-Floyd Mayweather super fight have been moving rapidly in the past 48 hours , but at the same time , going nowhere . The fight went from levels of “ maybe really happening ” to “ hahaha nope , never happening ” at a head-scratching pace .
But throughout this entire ordeal , the trash talk between Mayweather and McGregor has not stopped . On Tuesday , McGregor posted a photo from Las Vegas , saying that Mayweather retired upon his arrival .
I am in Las Vegas . Floyd has retired on my arrival . pic.twitter.com/z9EcxBJaDr — Conor McGregor ( @ TheNotoriousMMA ) February 15 , 2017
Oh . This rivalry will never end .
McGregor 's tweet came in response to Mayweather 's statement that reaffirmed he 's “ happily retired ” and that no deals had been made about a comeback fight .
The good news for McGregor is that if this fight actually becomes a thing , NSAC would “ certainly ” approve the bout .
How suburban semipro soccer clubs are helping to grow the game
hello
To find how the sport of soccer is growing , you have to know where to look .
While the World Cup goes on without the United States , new semipro soccer teams are playing in the suburbs , building the sport 's infrastructure in Aurora , Elgin , Joliet and DeKalb as well as in Chicago .
`` Our tickets here are $ 5 , so you do n't have to drive to Chicago to watch a Fire game , '' said John Hall , founder and president of first-year club DeKalb County United . `` You can drive five minutes across town and watch a pro level . Our guys are training hard . We 're trying to treat them as professional as we can . They 're acting as professional as we 've asked them to . ''
Aurora Borealis SC was the first to get off the ground in the area , playing its first season in 2016 . Elgin Pumas SC began play in 2017 . Along with DeKalb County , Joliet United SC and RWB Adria in Chicago and a team in Dubuque , Iowa , they play in the United Premier Soccer League 's Midwest Conference Central Division . The UPSL formed in 2011 in California and has grown to about 185 clubs throughout the country .
Launching these teams can be a struggle , including finding a place to play and a place to train , and finding volunteers to help carry out the day-to-day and game-day needs of the club .
`` You have to find the sponsors . That 's the hardest thing , '' Pumas coach Cristopher Sosa said .
The addition of more local teams has benefitted Aurora Borealis .
`` It 's great because it cuts down on the expenses as far as travel , '' said Aurora Borealis president and founder Tim Cottingim . `` The first year we had to go to Detroit twice . We had to go to Toledo , Grand Rapids , Michigan . ''
Of course , the clubs ' proximity also means they 're competing for some of the same players .
`` I think it 's definitely helping to grow the game , just by the fact that it 's giving our players more opportunities to play , '' Cottingim said . `` I guess my one sentiment would be that I wish it was more conjoined with the whole federation , the whole U.S. Soccer vision . ''
In part Cottingim means financial help . But a theme throughout semipro soccer is a desire to see U.S. Soccer adopt the promotion/relegation system found throughout the world . That would provide clubs a reward for success , giving fans and players a goal they can work to reach .
`` It just creates interest , '' Cottingim said , referring to fans and players both .
A key difference with Elgin Pumas is they have youth teams and develop their players through those youth teams . And instead of trying to develop players for other American leagues , they hope to send their players on to clubs in Mexico , Costa Rica or even the Spanish second or third divisions .
Those are big goals for Pumas players , who are on summer break from their college or high school teams .
`` I think this is a step you have to take , '' Sosa said . `` Because to me , high school and all those leagues are not the best way to get in a professional world . This is the step . ''
It 's also a step with meaning for their communities .
`` It 's about every little neighborhood has a hometown club , like in Europe , '' Hall said . `` It 's about the grass-roots efforts of inspiring kids . Yeah , it will take a long time , but I think over time , if we can sustain , you 're going to see the high school programs and the youth clubs and everybody 's going to get better because kids are going to elevate themselves and they 're going practice harder and they 're going to ( say ) , I want to play for that team someday . ''
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Republicans on Capitol Hill mostly steered clear of lecturing the president Monday after a weekend where his tweets attacking Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's probe and celebrating the firing of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe .
Instead , they insisted that President Donald Trump , no matter how much he rants , would not take the dramatic step of ordering Mueller to be fired .
Democrats are calling for legislation to protect the investigation either as a standalone bill or as part of the must-pass government spending bill that is expected to come before the Congress before the end of the week .
But Republicans , while they do n't think that Mueller should be fired , have backed off earlier calls to legislate limits to the president 's ability to oust the special counsel .
For some people , starting their day with breakfast is a proven recipe for having a good day . Breakfast provides the body with vitamins , minerals and other essential nutrients required to feel vibrant . However , there are some foods you should totally stay clear of if you really want to start off your day the right way . Jumia Food , Nigeria 's No 1 Food ordering platform , discusses some of these foods .
Flavoured yoghurt
Flavoured yoghurt contains sugar and sweeteners . In fact , these yoghurts can have more sugar than your regular soft drink . Taking flavoured yoghurt can shoot up your cravings for sweet items much later in the day .
Bananas
Bananas may seem like a great choice for breakfast because it is starchy , and will probably give you plenty of energy to last you for a significant part of the day . This is because bananas are high in simple sugars , which your body will burn off in no time , and will leave you feeling even hungrier than before .
Coffee
Some people are addicted to morning coffee and drinking it on an empty stomach can have an impact on digestion due to its acidic content . The rule of thumb is to always have your coffee or tea with additional food .
Processed meat
Processed meats like sausages and meat pies have become an open road to heart diseases as they contribute directly to cardiovascular and coronary disease . This is because it has a high combination of fats and preservatives .
Butter
Butter is not bad in small amounts , but if you 're eating it every single morning in large quantities , it means you are ingesting high doses of unhealthy fat . You can replace your butter with a healthier option like low-fat cream cheese .
Mango
Mango is very high in sugar . It will increase your blood sugar levels and leave you hungry before lunch .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOUISBURG , Kan. -- Four Louisburg High School students have discovered a way to save the school district thousands of dollars each year . Their energy project was a true energy audit . The students did the work of professionals , something that industry experts say could cost as much as $ 15,000 .
Senior Garrett Mills and junior Alex Miller are two of four students who just wrapped up an energy enrichment program at the high school . For six weeks , they met with a team of three advisers before school to gear up for their energy audit .
The final element of the project involved the team walking around the district counting bulbs .
`` When we went around and counted all the light bulbs and saw just how much energy the school really uses , and seeing how much it would affect the school district , was really cool , '' Miller said .
They found through their calculations that if the entire district switched to LED bulbs , the district would save big time .
`` The money they would save on paying electricity and labor and cost to replace the bulbs adds up to be about $ 12,000 a year , '' Mills said .
`` So at first blush , you would take a look at it and say , 'wow , it 's real easy , it would be a no brainer to go with the older technology , ' '' Tommy Anderson said .
Anderson is a parent at the school and served as an adviser for this project . He has an energy background , and was able to provide some much-needed insight for the students .
He says it would cost the district upwards of $ 40,000 to replace all the current halogen bulbs , which sounds like a lot , but he says the district would break even within three-to-four years and then start saving .
`` It was really cool to be able to take skills that I learned from that and be able to translate it into something in the real world , '' Mills said .
The students will now present their findings and recommendations to the board of education to see if their plan is considered . Mills says he plans to be a software developer for NASA , and Miller plans to become an engineer .
CLOSE Stay on top of the latest news , sports and entertainment Shreveport Times
Robyn Edmonds ( Photo : BPSO )
A Bossier Parish elementary school teacher has been arrested for stealing prescription medications from another teacher .
Robyn Edmonds , a 39-year-old teacher at Princeton Elementary School , was arrested by the Bossier Sheriff 's Office Monday afternoon and charged with simple theft and possession of a Schedule IV controlled dangerous substance .
More : Two women arrested for financial crimes
Edmonds admitted to Bossier deputies that she stole the prescription medication from the purse of the other teacher on the morning of Dec. 4 , according to Bossier police . School had not yet begun that morning , and no students were present , police said .
Edmonds was transported to the Bossier Maximum Security Facility where she was booked on the two charges ; bail is pending .
She had been at the school since the early 2000s and is a tenured teacher . Edmonds has been placed on leave pending further administrative actions , said Sonja Bailes , spokesperson for Bossier Schools .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/bossier-teacher-arrested-stealing-prescription-meds/942555001/
NBC 7 's Bridget Naso reports on the surprise return of a U.S. Navy sailor to her family after a six-month deployment . ( Published Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 )
A special surprise came for two sisters , just in time for the holidays at Dewey Elementary School in Point Loma .
Monday afternoon kicked-off with an ice cream social , then a raffle for a new bike . Third-grader Jordyn Hall heard her named called and was stunned , but she received an even bigger surprise when she turned around .
“ I was shocked to see the bike , then I turned around I got even more shocked , ” the third-grader said .
Jordyn and her six-year-old sister , Taylor , suddenly saw their mom pop out of the crowd . Melissa Hall , an active-duty Navy sailor , had been deployed on the destroyer USS Pinckney for six months .
The two screamed with delight at the sight of their mother .
“ I thought I was dreaming , ” Jordyn told NBC 7 . The group hug was very emotional for Melissa and her oldest daughter .
“ Yeah I think Jordyn was crying , ” Melissa said .
Melissa Hall has been in the Navy for 14 years and told NBC 7 that deployments are part of the job , but they never get any easier .
“ I wish that deployments went between all the important things in life , but they do n't always go that way , so it 's hard , '' she said .
The family was able to FaceTime for Taylor 's birthday while their mom was away . Other than that Melissa watched her daughters grow through pictures .
At Dewey Elementary the principal told us that 80 percent of the students have a parent in the military .
On Monday , dozens of students there got new bikes presented by members of the San Diego City School 's Police Department , through the “ Blue Buddies Program ” -- with a little help from Santa , who flew in on a police helicopter thanks to some winter magic .
But the biggest arrival by far was one Navy mom .
“ I 'm really happy … because my mom is finally home , ” said Jordyn . And for Melissa , “ It was incredible , it was priceless . ”
EASING back into a plush , golden chair on Saturday afternoon - it 's very clear Australian film icon Michael Caton is at ease in Gympie .
In town for the tenth Heart of Gold International Short Film Festival , the actor was relishing the chance to pay a visit to the town he once called home .
`` Well I was born in Monto , but I spent two years here in boarding school , ” he said .
`` That 's where it all started for me - that 's where I caught the bug . ”
Getting his start as a performer for the Christian Brothers ' , he would take his act to spots all across Gympie .
`` We just put on elaborate concerts , do sketches and mime shows - that sort of thing , ” he said .
`` I would go do gigs around town for the Catholic Daughters of Australia , where I had a bit of an act . ”
The 74-year-old said those two years were incredibly formative for him , a perfect playground for a hell-raising childhood .
`` It was just two wonderful years where you learned to stand on your own two feet , ” he said .
`` Boarding school was just like Hogan 's Heroes - the inmates were running the institution . ”
Michael Caton in Gympie for the Heart of Gold International Short Film Festival . Jacob Carson
As he sits and talks in the Gympie Civic Centre recounting his school life , a familiar face from the past came up to the chair .
Billy Springer went to school with Michael , with the actor 's face lighting up as the two reconnected .
`` I remember a photo where I had the sleeve of his jersey , ” Mr Caton said , laughing .
`` I was trying to tackle him and all I managed to get was the sleeve . ”
In person , the actor is every bit the jovial and warm presence Australian audiences have come to know and love in films like 'The Castle ' and television 's 'Packed to the Rafters ' .
In recent years however , he 's taken the chance to explore more dramatic territory - with films like 'Last Cab to Darwin ' and 'Three Summers ' - which is screening at the Heart of Gold .
`` My character starts off as a pretty embittered sort of person - the things that happen over the three summers are his journey , ” he said .
`` To be honest I 'm looking forward to doing a comedy - I look forward to that these days , rather than mining the dark depths of despair . ”
The production of 'Three Summers ' saw Mr Caton film in Aboriginal territory , something he relished .
`` I spent a lot of time with this huge Aboriginal group , ” he said .
`` A hell of a lot of difference for anything I 've ever struck , that I found really interesting . ”
The production of the film saw Mr Caton miss last year 's festival , but he 's returned this year as a juror .
`` I 've actually been trying to get back for three years , ” he said .
`` I think I picked the right time to come back though being the tenth year . ”
While admitting his fellow jurors were more knowledgeable in the technical aspects of filmmaking , he said he was looking for something else when making his selections .
`` I 'm looking for an emotional connection , that 's really important to me personally , ” he said , singling out a student entry in the festival .
`` It was simple but honest , moving and searing - and I asked to present the award to them at the ceremony . ”
Looking ahead , one of the elder statesmen of the Australian film industry said there was a bright future ahead .
`` If these student films are anything to go by , certainly , ” he said .
`` They 're the lifeblood of the industry , and rejuvenation is a good thing . ”
By Stephen Iervolino
Netflix ( NEW YORK ) — Former Daily Show correspondent Jessica Williams is dishing on her original Netflix film , The Incredible Jessica James , and her “ unapologetic ” character which she says does n't subscribe to black women stereotypes .
Williams stars as Jessica James , an up-and-coming Brooklyn playwright who 's navigating life after a difficult breakup . According to the actress-comedian , her focus in creating this film was to offer an alternative storyline for black women .
“ It reads as interesting and different because she is a black woman , ” Williams tells ABC Radio about the narrative of Jessica James . “ And I think that a lot of times in our industry , black women have been pigeonholed into not fully formed characters , or , how we are pigeonholed into being a supporting character into somebody else 's narrative . ”
Williams , who in addition to acting co-hosts the comedy podcast 2 Dope Queens with longtime friend Phoebe Robinson , believes James will be a breath of fresh air for anyone looking for something “ dynamic . ”
“ We wanted to tell a story about a woman who 's unapologetic , complicated , ambitious , smart funny and not defined with the idea that she needs to get a man , ” Williams says . “ So , we just wanted to present this fully dynamic , fully formed character . ”
The Incredible Jessica James , also starring Get Out ‘ s Lakeith Stanfield and Master of None ‘ s Noël Wells , is now available on Netflix .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Entertainment
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Sanju : Ranbir Kapoor ने खोला 11 साल बाद बड़ा राज , `` मैंने भी नशे के लिए ... '' | FilmiBeat
Ranbir Kapoor is basking in the glory of his latest release Sanju and the movie has already made a whopping Rs 167.51 Crore at the box office . The Sanjay Dutt biopic shows the actor doing drugs , including using injections to get high and during an interview with Deccan Chronicle , Ranbir Kapoor revealed that he too did drugs during his younger days , but has stopped all of that . He stated that he 's addicted to something which is worse than drugs now and wants to stop it .
`` I have tried drugs when I was in college and got into bad influence . But I realised that nothing will happen in life if I continue with drugs . When we did that section , I did a lot of research . Every man makes mistakes in his life . I am addicted to nicotine now and it 's worse than drugs . And I have addiction for sweets as well . ''
China car recalls tilt heavily toward foreign brands
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Auckland Airport announced ( 05-Oct-2017 ) it is considering ways to address any potential fuel pipeline issues and will be conducting its own assessment on the recent temporary fuel supply disruption . The review will consider the end to end resilience and capacity of the Jet A1 fuel system from the refinery right through to the airport owned hydrant network . It will also balance various factors including risk , resilience , economic viability as well as environmental factors associated with the various transportation and fuel storage options . [ more - original PR ]
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling is n't always easy , but in this case , it was hilarious .
Ava , 22 months , came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch , a teacher from Trenton , Mich. , was feeding her new baby sister Hannah . The tot was n't quite sure what was going on . First , she told little sister “ no biting , ” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk .
That 's when Ava wanted to know “ where the chocolate milk ” at ! ”
From the mouths of babes…
The video , shot by Ali 's sister Stephanie Legut , has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction . “ My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I 'm just so focused on Ava … That 's just her , in a nutshell , every day , Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio . “ We could pop out a million more videos like that . I 'm glad that people can see her personality . ”
Ava is a regular ‘ little Mama ' who wants to do everything for the new baby , including helping to feed her , getting her dressed , and playing with her all the time . “ It 's just like her little live baby doll , ” mom Ali said .
So , did she get her chocolate milk ?
“ She loves chocolate milk , yes she does , ” Ali said , laughing . “ She asked me again this morning , ‘ Is she getting chocolate milk ? I had to say ‘ No , she 's not getting chocolate milk ! ”
Flowers and signs fill a memorial along Yonge Street Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Toronto , the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks , striking and killing numerous pedestrians in his path . The Canadian Press via AP Galit Rodan
Getty
The United States ' dominant performance against Panama did not clinch a World Cup bid , but it did a great deal to ease fans anxiety . The USMNT has 12 points , and moved into third place in the CONCACAF standings . The top three teams automatically go to Russia , while the fourth place team has to win a playoff match .
The USMNT sits in a great position heading into the final slate of qualifying matches on Tuesday , October 10 . All the CONCACAF teams kickoff at 8 p.m. Eastern . The United States plays Trinidad & Tobago , who is by far the worse team in the group . They have only managed one win in eight matches .
The United States had a dominant 4-0 victory over Panama . The win was fueled by stellar play from Christian Pulisic , Jozy Altidore and Bobby Wood . U.S. fans are hoping for a similar outing in Tuesday 's match .
Despite tonight 's performance , the United States will still need a win in Tuesday 's match to continue to control their own destiny . A draw combined with a Panama win would mean the teams would be tied in points . It would then come down to goal differential if the two teams finished with the same number of points . A loss opens up the door for Panama or potentially Honduras to jump them in the standings .
While USMNT is not officially heading to Russia , the odds are slanted heavily in their favor . Mexico has already won the group , so the highest the United States could finish is second . However , they would need Costa Rica to lose their next two matches , and the USMNT would also need to be ahead in goal differentials to jump them in the standings .
Here 's a look at the latest CONCACAF standings .
CONCACAF Standings
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
Ryan Roxie released his first solo album , entitled “ Imagine Your Reality ” through Cargo Records on 25th May . Roxie , best known as one of Alice Cooper 's guitarists , has also been a member of Slash 's Snakepit and Swedish band Casablanca and has released albums fronting his own project Roxie 77 . On “ Imagine Your Reality ” however , he has worked with a number of musicians and it is truly a solo album rather than a band release . Ryan was my guest on the Friday NI Rocks Show on 11th May when we played 4 tracks from the new album – http : //www.rockradioni.co.uk/interviews/3359-ni-rocks-interview-with-ryan-roxie-may-2018.html
We 'd also played “ Over and Done ” on the Show on 4th May and the latest single “ To Live and Die In LA ” will be on the Show on 1st June .
Amongst the guests on “ Imagine Your Reality ” are Cheap Trick vocalist Robin Zander on the track “ California Man ” and Alice Cooper bandmates Tommy Henriksen on bass and Glen Sobel on drums for three of the tracks . Other musicians include Kristoffer Folin on bass and drums , Jon Bordon on bass and keyboards , Teddy ‘ Zig Zag ' Andriatis on keyboards and drummers Anton Korberg and Seven Anapolis . All the guitars were recorded by Ryan Roxie .
Roxie starting playing guitar in bands in California in the 80s . One of those bands , Electric Angels , was signed to Atlantic Records and released a self-titled album in 1990 . He went on to work with Gilby Clarke and formed his own band called Dad 's Porno Mag before joining the Alice Cooper band in 1996 . He played on several albums , co-writing some tracks , before departing in 2005 and then rejoining in 2012 . Roxie also performed on and co-wrote tracks on the Slash 's Snakepit album “ Ai n't Life Grand ” in 2000 . The first album from his Roxie 77 project was released in 2004 and the first of the two Casablanca albums he was involved in was released in 2012 .
Check out Ryan 's website for more information , links etc - http : //www.ryanroxie.com/
An earlier Feb 2014 interview with Ryan can be found here – http : //www.rockradioni.co.uk/interviews/1455-ni-rocks-interview-with-ryan-roxie-of-casablancaroxie-77alice-cooper-band.html
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
About “ NI Rocks Recommends ”
The simple idea behind “ NI Rocks Recommends ” is to acknowledge and promote some of the great music being submitted to Rock Radio NI . The albums that I 'll be recommending are those that you 'll hear me playing tracks from on my shows . I 'll not be giving marks or ratings or analyzing the tracks in great detail ; just telling you something about the artist and the album . It 's a personal recommendation to go check something out , not a traditional “ review ” !
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
The TRP/BARC ratings for the week 4 ( January 20 to January 26 ) are here . Colors TV rules the roost , while Star Bharat has jumped to the second spot pushing Zee TV to the third place . Star Plus and Sony TV retain fourth and fifth spots , respectively .
Zee TV 's Kundali Bhagya and Kumkum Bhagya are back at the first and second places , respectively . Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai has dropped down to the 10th place and Ishqbaaz is out of the TRP race .
Check Out The Latest BARC Ratings : Urban ( Impressions in 000s )
Top 10 Channels
1 . Colors - 407749
2 . Star Bharat - 337123
3 . Zee TV - 328662
4 . Star Plus - 310185
5 . Sony TV - 306897
6 . SAB TV - 287043
7 . Sony Pal - 189592
8 . Zee Anmol - 165100
9 . Star Utsav - 156461
10 . Rishtey - 124004
Top 20 Shows
1 . Kundali Bhagya ( Zee TV ) - 7359
2 . Kumkum Bhagya ( Zee TV ) - 6606
3 . Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah ( SAB TV ) - 6574
4 . Super Dancer ( Sony TV ) - 6052
5 . Shakti - Astitva Ke Ehsaas Ki ( Colors ) - 5630
6 . Rising Star ( Colors ) - 5548
7 . Yeh Hai Mohabbatein ( Star Plus ) - 5532
8 . Udaan ( Colors ) - 5528
9 . Ishq Mein Marjawan ( Colors ) - 5088
10 . Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai ( Star Plus ) - 5030
11 . Nimki Mukhiya ( Star Bharat ) - 4828
12 . Tu Aashiqui ( Colors ) - 4520
13 . Star Bharat 's Kya Haal Mr Paanchal - 4513
14 . Shani ( Colors ) - 4454
15 . Dil Se Dil Tak ( Colors ) - 4379
16 . Tu Suraj Main Saanjh Piya Ji ( Star Plus ) - 4178
17 . Laado Veerpur Ki Mardani ( Colors ) - 4072
18 . Naamkaran ( Star Plus ) - 4005
19 . Zindagi Ki Mahek ( Zee TV ) - 3849
20 . Mahakali Ant Hi Aarambh Hai ( Colors ) - 3806
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment ,
The man who sent the false ballistic missile alert in Hawaii said he is n't to blame for the mishap , and despite causing mass panic would not have done anything differently .
Speaking to NBC News , the former employee of the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency ( HI-EMA ) instead blamed a systemic failure for the false alert on Jan. 13 that sent thousands of terrified residents scrambling for cover .
`` I 'm really not to blame in this , '' the man , whose identity was masked , said on camera . `` It was a system failure . And I did what I was trained to do . ''
He added that he heard `` this is not a drill , '' but never the word `` exercise , '' which would have indicated that it was , indeed , a practice run .
`` I was 100 % sure that it was the right decision , that it was real . I was convinced that it was real , '' he said . ''
A Federal Communications Commission report found that the emergency worker did in fact actually believe the threat was real . Officials also revealed that the alert sender had twice before confused a drill with real-life events .
Later , when asked what he would have changed about that morning , the man added , `` I ca n't say that I would do anything differently based on what I saw and heard . ''
Monster rats are growing bigger by the minute feasting on trash outside a Chipotle restaurant in Brooklyn Heights , according to the eatery 's fuming neighbors .
The rotund rodents — some as big as a cat — gnaw through trash bags put in front of the eatery to chow down on discarded burrito bowls and other grub , according to residents and nearby workers .
“ The rats are gorging themselves , ” said Peter Bray of the Brooklyn Heights Association . “ Chipotle piles the trash bags several feet high at the curb . It 's a field day for rats . ”
Workers dump bags of garbage in front of the eatery on Montague Street near Clinton Street at around 6 p.m. every day — giving the rats plenty of time to snack before the garbage men arrive , according to Bray and other neighbors .
“ On average , I see four or five rats going back and forth from the garbage to the building next door under construction , ” Brooklyn Heights resident William Taylor told the Brooklyn Eagle . “ With a constant source of food , I wonder how big the rat community has grown ! ”
One construction worker said he spotted a rat that was bigger than a feline , according to the paper .
A Chipotle rep blamed the rodent problem on the construction site , saying the apartment project had unearthed the vermin .
“ It was n't like that before . When they started the construction , they came out , ” Chipotle manager Margarette Pierre told the paper .
She added , “ The rats are not good for us , either . ”
Neighbors now want the restaurant to use thicker trash bags and metal containers to keep the massive rats out , Bray said .
“ Rats are a fact of life in New York City , ” he said . “ But the way Chipotle is handling the trash is exacerbating the problem . ”
JOHN MACDOUGALL/AFP/Getty Images/AFP/Getty Images
Netflix logo
By Brianna Chambers , Cox Media Group National Content Desk
Popular streaming service Netflix announced Thursday it plans to raise the price of its most popular plan .
> > Read more trending news
The price of the plan will increase by 10 percent -- or $ 1 -- from $ 9.99 to $ 10.99 . This is the first time the company has increased prices in two years , USA Today reported .
Netflix 's most popular plan allows subscribers to view content simultaneously on two interconnected devices . A different premium plan , which allows users to view content simultaneously on four different screens , will increase 17 percent in price -- or $ 2 -- from $ 11.99 to $ 13.99 .
According to The Associated Press , the price hikes will affect nearly 53 million Netflix subscribers .
The change in prices comes as Netflix seeks higher profits and aims to secure funding for critically acclaimed shows , like “ Orange Is The New Black ” and “ House of Cards , ” and as it competes against rivals Amazon and Hulu , among others , to secure rights to shows and movies , the AP reported .
A Netflix representative said the company will email subscribers and send out app notifications on or after Oct. 19 , 30 days before their billing cycles . Users will have 30 days to accept the new rate , change their plans or cancel the service .
There will be no change in price to Netflix 's basic plan , which allows users to view content on one screen for $ 7.99 monthly .
> > Related : Shonda Rhimes to leave ABC , join Netflix
Vikas Gupta Was Asked To Comment On Shilpa-Hina Twitter War
When Vikas Gupta , the second runner-up of Bigg Boss 11 , was asked about the same , he refused to comment on it as he did n't want his , Shilpa and Hina 's fan clubs to get into war zone .
Vikas Refused To Comment
Vikas was quoted by Spotboye as saying , `` Honestly , I would n't like to give my take on this . Shilpa did what she had to . If I side her , Hina 's fans will attack me . If I side Hina , Shilpa 's fans will attack me . ''
The Producer Did n't Want Their Fans To Get Into War Zone
`` Either way , my fans will get embroiled , and within no time , our three accounts and our fan clubs will define a war zone . '' He further added , `` Bigg Boss 11 is over , at least for me . Let 's move on with our lives , man . ''
Vikas & Shilpa
It has to be recalled that Vikas Gupta and Shilpa Shinde had major fights in the Bigg Boss 11 house during the initial days . Because of Shilpa 's torture , Vikas had also tried to escape from the house . But later the duo became friends .
Vikas & Shilpa 's On & Off Friendship !
The duo had also planned to do a show ( web series ) together , but later Shilpa revealed that she did n't want to do a show with Vikas ! Forget Bigg Boss 11 house , we can never understand what 's on Shilpa and Vikas ' mind !
Hina & Vikas
Moving on to Hina Khan and Vikas ' relationship inside the house , the duo did n't share great bond inside the house , although they seemed friendly in the end of the show . Post Bigg Boss 11 , Vikas , Hina , Rocky and Priyank had a mini reunion . All of them had a gala time .
Vikas Plays Safe
Vikas Gupta is no doubt called as mastermind ! He played safe inside the Bigg Boss house ( by becoming Shilpa 's friend and taking Hina 's side as well ) . Even now , he is taking no chance as both Hina and Shilpa has huge fan base !
Follow @ insidefutbol
Juventus are currently in the lead in the chase for Lazio forward Keita Balde , despite Tottenham Hotspur continuing to show keen interest in the Senegalese .
Tottenham are reportedly looking closely at a move to take Keita to England this summer , with the forward likely to leave Lazio after entering the final year of his contract with the club .
But according to Italian outlet Calciomercato.it , Juventus still hold pole position in the race to sign Keita .
The Italian champions have been in talks with Lazio president Claudio Lotito , but so far have been unable to thrash out an agreement with the Rome club 's supremo .
Keita was left out of Lazio 's matchday squad for the Italian Super Cup at the weekend , which saw his side beat Juventus 3-2 in the season curtain-raiser .
Las Vegas police said a young man suffered minor injuries after falling multiple stories inside the casino at Luxor on the Las Vegas Strip .
Officers responded about 9:30 p.m. to the casino where a 20-year-old man jumped or fell from four stories above , police said . Decorations broke the man 's fall and he suffered minor injuries .
When asked if the man was impaired , police said `` most definitely . ''
He was transported to a local hospital .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Jesus Christ is being removed from a South Carolina church .
A statue of Jesus Christ and accompanying artwork that has been displayed at Red Bank Baptist Church for more than a decade will be taken down by Thursday , according to church officials .
The art will be removed because a majority of the congregation voted that the 7-foot-tall statue and sculpted reliefs were `` causing some confusion . ''
According to the church , many people think the sculptures are Catholic and not representative of a Baptist church .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
`` We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature . We understand that this is not a Catholic icon , however , people perceive it in these terms , '' said a letter that was signed by Dr. Jeff Wright , Red Bank 's senior pastor , and Mike Dennis , the church 's Chairman of Deacons .
The letter was sent to Bert Baker Jr. , the Midlands artist who hand carved the statue for the church in 2007 . Baker is a former member of the Red Bank Baptist Church congregation .
`` I 'm not interested in stirring the pot , but people not liking it because it looked too Catholic is crazy , man . It 's been up there for 11 years , '' Baker told The State on Tuesday . `` I do n't agree with the letter , it bothers me . ''
Both the church 's letter and a two-page response from Baker were shared on Facebook by Rhonda Davis . Like Baker , Davis is unhappy with the church 's decision to remove the art .
In her Facebook post , Baker called the art `` a wordless story of Christ 's life , death and resurrection . '' She said its removal is sad and regretful because it `` insults and prejudices '' another denomination , which she described as `` totally unbecoming of anyone who calls themselves a representative of Christ . ''
`` It is both disturbing and sad that in a time when we are all needing to come together as brothers and sisters in Christ to project and reflect His love to a lost and dying world , Red Bank has decided to single out another denomination as the reason behind the decision to avoid any real or imagined fear that they would somehow be associated with them , '' Davis wrote in her Facebook post .
In his letter , Baker echoed those sentiments .
`` These sculptures have been gracing the front of RBBC for 11 years and at no time then or now has anyone ever been 'confused ' as to who Red Bank Baptist is nor has anyone ever suggested that they are 'Catholic ' in nature , '' Baker wrote . `` I am stunned that your letter both insults the intelligence of the Red Bank Community ( as not intelligent enough to know that Red Bank Baptist Church is a Baptist church despite having a large sign stating as much ) ; and , more disturbing , singling out the Catholic church in such a manner as to suggest that their denomination is deficient in theology and lacking in Christian core values . ''
In the church 's letter , it offered Baker the opportunity to remove the sculptures if he desired to keep them , adding : `` The art needs to be removed by May 31 , 2018 . ''
Baker said he hopes the statue and artwork are not destroyed — but instead given to another church or sold , with money raised to support missionary work .
`` I was commissioned to make the sculpture , and whatever they choose to do with it is their prerogative , '' Baker told The State . `` I just did n't want it destroyed . I do n't want to take it down personally , but I hope they find another place for it . ''
Baker said he knows there are other churches that have reached out about acquiring the art , but he has not heard from the church beyond the original letter .
Messages left with the church were not answered .
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — Pema Lama was at work in New York City three years ago when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck her home country of Nepal .
Over the next four days , she did n't sleep or eat as she tried to reach her children from more than 7,000 miles away .
“ Finally , finally my son called me , ” she said .
Lama is one of nearly 9,000 people from Nepal living in the United States with humanitarian protection known as Temporary Protected Status ( TPS ) .
The Trump administration must decide by Wednesday whether to terminate status for Nepal , which was granted after the April 25 , 2015 earthquake left approximately 9,000 people dead , 22,000 injured and 755,000 homes significantly damaged or destroyed .
Roughly 25 to 33 percent of Nepal 's population – eight million people – were affected .
Wednesday is the three-year anniversary of the earthquake .
Lama , who works as a nanny , came to the U.S. in 1994 , leaving her children – ages 4 and 6 – behind . She said she stayed in the U.S. for a “ better chance , better education and better future for me and my kids . ”
Protected status allowed her to travel to Nepal this year and “ touch my kids and celebrate my daughter 's birthday after 24 years . ”
The deadline for Nepal arrives amid a slew of TPS terminations as the administration has taken a strict interpretation on what conditions qualify for an extension .
Over the past year , the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) announced it would terminate status for El Salvador , Haiti , Nicaragua and Sudan – more than an estimated 300,000 people that will either need to leave the United States of face residing illegally .
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen in January announced an 18-month extension for Syria .
And the decision deadline for Honduras is next week .
Somalia , Yemen and South Sudan also have protected status and will be up for renewal in the next months and into next year .
“ America is a very family-oriented country , so I am hoping for the best , ” said Lama as the deadline looms .
The DHS Secretary is authorized to grant TPS to nationals of foreign countries when conditions temporarily prevent people from returning safely . The program provides for work authorization but does not offer a pathway to citizenship .
Lama is also the primary financial provider for her family in Nepal .
Remittances from Nepali citizens working abroad is roughly 30 percent of Nepal 's GDP , according to Austin Lord , Ph.D. Student of Sociocultural Anthropology , Cornell University .
“ I would argue that remittance is probably the most effective and efficient way to support locally-driven and earthquake-safe reconstruction , as compared to institutionally managed programs that often require significant overhead and that do not adequately cover even half the average cost of construction , ” said Lord .
Lama was able to help her children get an apartment after nearly three years of living under a tent and then from one friend 's house to another .
“ There are no shelters , like in America , ” she said .
Humanitarian relief was extended for Nepal for 18-months in 2016 , after DHS determined that although conditions in Nepal had improved , the “ recovery and reconstruction process was delayed and people remained without homes or adequate infrastructure .
At this time DHS does not have an announcement regarding Nepal 's TPS , but one is expected in the coming days , according to an administration official .
“ TPS allowed me to continue working and become part of a community , ” said Namrata Pradhan , Nepali TPS holder , domestic worker , and organizer at Adhikaar ( NYC ) .
Pradhan said that after moving to the U.S. a decade ago , she was forced to leave behind her legal education and become a nanny , but as a TPS holder she was able to join the staff at both Adhikaar and the National Domestic Workers Alliance .
“ For them [ DHS ] , it is just a single decision like a signature on a piece of paper . But for me and the almost 9,000 other Nepalis with TPS like me , this is a life-changing decision . Our homes are here , we are as American as anyone else and we deserve to be here , ” she said .
Nepal has made some limited progress in stabilizing and rebuilding since the earthquake , but a humanitarian crisis remains , found a recent Catholic Legal Immigration Network Inc. ( CLINIC ) report .
The report concluded that the safe return of Nepali TPS holders and their families remains impossible at this time due to the severe lack of adequate shelter , food , water , healthcare , education and jobs as well as other risks .
“ It is critical for the TPS designation for Nepal to be extended , in light of the slow pace and numerous obstacles to reconstruction and recovery from the 2015 earthquake , ” said Jennifer Ruddle , CLINIC staff attorney .
Lama said that when she visited this March , she witnessed the country “ still struggling ” with clean water and air .
“ People are happy and trying to build their country , but how ? ” she said .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Nearly 190,000 people who were forced to leave their home under an evacuation order in California are now free to return — with the caution that the condition of the dam that imperils the area could still change quickly .
An evacuation order for communities near the Oroville Dam was reduced to an evacuation warning at 1 p.m. PT Tuesday , allowing residents to return , according to a statement from the Butte County Sheriff 's Office .
“ [ H ] owever all residents are advised to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change . People who have special needs or require extended time to evacuate should consider remaining evacuated , ” the statement said .
Officials in California were racing against the weather Tuesday , struggling to shore up the Oroville Dam 's emergency spillway before more rains pummel the area and place the structure under even greater stress .
PHOTOS : Crippled Oroville Dam Threatens Gold Rush Town
Engineers were trying to lower the water level in Lake Oroville , which lies behind American 's tallest dam , but more rains are forecast for later in the week .
Airbnb , the home and apartment rental service , has waived all fees for people who live in the affected area , and is offering homeowners a way to offer shelter for free .
“ This is a worst-case scenario for any water management agency , a worst-case nightmare ”
Many people fled their homes with little more than photographs and other items of sentimental value .
“ I have the clothes on my back . No insurance policies , no cash , no nothing , ” said Warren Neufeld of Oroville , who was in the town of Chico when the evacuation order came down .
Neufeld eventually found refuge at a Red Cross shelter at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds , but others unable to make it through the traffic decided to take their chances at home .
Low on gas and realizing the roads were jammed with traffic , Patrick Miner , 38 , who was fleeing the town of Live Oak in a four-car caravan with his family , turned around to head home .
“ I decided I 'd rather be in the house and we can climb on the roof rather than be in the car if something happens , ” Miner said .
In addition to evacuating residents , Butte County also moved approximately 500 inmates out of the affected area and into Alameda County Jail farther south , according to Weather.com .
The emergency spillway developed a hole Sunday , raising the risk of the dam 's collapse . The dam 's primary spillway developed a 200-foot-long , 20-foot-deep hole last week .
On Monday , California Gov . Jerry Brown wrote to President Donald Trump requesting emergency federal assistance for three counties in the northern part of the state .
Evacuee Karina Garcia looks at the Placer County Fairgrounds evacuation center in Roseville , California on Monday . Josh Edelson / AFP – Getty Images
“ I have determined this incident is of such severity and magnitude that continued effective response is beyond the capabilities of the state and affected local governments , ” Brown wrote .
The dam itself has not been damaged . But because the water levels are so high , the emergency spillway — which appears to be eroding — could unleash a wall of water onto the communities below if it collapses .
Several state officials have told NBC News that , if the dam overflows , 1 million acre-feet of water could be released onto areas that are home to 188,000 people .
“ We 've never seen anything like this in modern times , ” a state water official told NBC News . “ This is a worst-case scenario for any water management agency , a worst-case nightmare . ”
Officials have been “ ramping up ” a controlled release of water from Lake Oroville in order to drop the level below the range of what could threaten the area if the emergency spillway were to fail , Anita Chabria of the Sacramento Bee told Weather.com on Monday .
The release began last week in order to create more room in the reservoir behind the dam and alleviate some of the pressure on the spillway . The water level of Lake Oroville dropped on Monday , slightly easing fears of a catastrophic collapse .
But Oroville is bracing for rain on Wednesday that could add a strain to the spillway , and an additional problem looms .
Snow melts off of the Sierra Nevada mountains will continue to threaten Oroville into the spring , Chabria said .
As of Monday night , crews continued to drop sandbags and boulders to reinforce heavily eroded soil .
The possibility of disaster was raised 12 years ago by three environmental groups that filed a document with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that warmed that the emergency spillway might fail .
A spillway is a structure that allows a controlled release of water from a dam . The water is released so that it does not pour over the top of the dam — or even destroy it .
NVIDIA Deep Learning Platform Gives Enterprise Customers Instant Access to AI from Baidu Cloud
SANTA CLARA , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - NVIDIA ( NASDAQ : NVDA ) today announced that its deep learning platform is now available as part of Baidu Cloud 's deep learning service , giving enterprise customers instant access to the world 's most adopted AI tools .
The new Baidu Cloud offers the latest GPU computing technology , including Pascal™ architecture-based NVIDIA® Tesla® P40 GPUs and NVIDIA deep learning software . It provides both training and inference acceleration for open-source deep learning frameworks , such as TensorFlow and PaddlePaddle .
`` Baidu and NVIDIA are long-time partners in advancing the state of the art in AI , '' said Ian Buck , general manager of Accelerated Computing at NVIDIA . `` Baidu understands that enterprises need GPU computing to process the massive volumes of data needed for deep learning . Through Baidu Cloud , companies can quickly convert data into insights that lead to breakthrough products and services . ''
`` Our partnership with NVIDIA has long provided Baidu with a competitive advantage , '' said Shiming Yin , vice president and general manager of Baidu Cloud Computing . `` Baidu Cloud Service powered by NVIDIA 's deep learning software and Pascal GPUs will help our customers accelerate their deep learning training and inference , resulting in faster time to market for a new generation of intelligent products and applications . ''
World 's Most Adopted AI Platform
NVIDIA 's deep learning platform is the world 's most adopted platform for building AI services . All key deep learning frameworks are accelerated on NVIDIA 's platform , which is available from leading cloud service providers worldwide , including Alibaba , Amazon , Google , IBM and Microsoft . Organizations ranging from startups to leading multinationals are taking advantage of GPUs in the cloud to achieve faster results without massive capital expenditures or complexity of managing the infrastructure .
Organizations are increasingly turning to GPU computing to develop advanced applications in areas such as natural language processing , traffic analysis , intelligent customer service , personalized recommendations and understanding video .
The massively efficient parallel processing capabilities of GPUs make NVIDIA 's platform highly effective at accelerating a host of other data-intensive workloads , from AI and deep learning to advanced analytics to high performance computing .
Baidu Cloud 's deep learning service is available today .
Keep Current on NVIDIA
Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog , follow us on Facebook , Google+ , Twitter , LinkedIn and Instagram , and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr .
About NVIDIA
NVIDIA 's ( NASDAQ : NVDA ) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market , redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing . More recently , GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers , robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world . More information at http : //nvidianews.nvidia.com/ .
Certain statements in this press release including , but not limited to , statements as to : the impact , benefits and availability of NVIDIA 's deep learning platform and Baidu Cloud 's deep learning service ; and organizations taking advantage or GPUs in the cloud and increasingly turning to GPU computing are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include : global economic conditions ; our reliance on third parties to manufacture , assemble , package and test our products ; the impact of technological development and competition ; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies ; market acceptance of our products or our partners ' products ; design , manufacturing or software defects ; changes in consumer preferences or demands ; changes in industry standards and interfaces ; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems ; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission , or SEC , including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29 , 2017 . Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company 's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge . These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof , and , except as required by law , NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances .
© 2017 NVIDIA Corporation . All rights reserved . NVIDIA , the NVIDIA logo , Pascal , and Tesla are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries . Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated . Features , pricing , availability and specifications are subject to change without notice .
The lovely Lisa Haydon stunned her followers by having a complete makeover as she went platinum blonde and carried her new hairdo like a boss ! The leggy lass was never afraid to experiment with her looks during her single days and thankfully , continued it even after having a baby .
Check out Lisa Haydon 's platinum blonde look and hairstyle below !
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWRENCE , Kan. -- The Granny Basketball League could possibly be one of the best kept secrets in the metro . It 's a league with more than 300 players in nine states and there are four teams in Kansas alone .
Since 2005 , ladies 50 years old and up take to court for six-on-six basketball games with rules designed to make the game safe but also competitive .
The game is based around rules that date back to the 1920s . The court is split into three sections with two players from each team filling each section . Ladies may not run , jump , or make physical contact with each other . Players are allowed two dribbles and have five seconds to either shoot or pass the ball . Scoring is largely the same however players are awarded three points if said player shoots a `` granny shot '' from anywhere on the court .
The uniforms are also based from the 1920s . Players wear bloomers and a numbered middy collar . Teams wear colored , knee-high socks to distinguish the teams .
Every July , the league holds a national tournament . The 2018 tournament is set to take place in Norman , Oklahoma and Lawrence will be the site of the tournament in 2019 .
On April 28th , the Kansas-Oklahoma Spring Celebration games will be held in Lawrence . The event will be played at the East Lawrence Recreation Center beginning at 9 a.m .
You can find more information on the G.B.L . including how to sign up at GrannyBasketball.com . You can also follow the Granny Basketball League and Kansas Granny Basketball on Facebook .
The league has recently gotten some recognition . Michele Clark was awarded $ 6,600 from the Phillips 66 Live to the Full Heroes program for her work with the Granny Basketball League .
The title might be out of reach , but Thoresby Colliery showed their determination to bag the runners-up spot with a convincing victory over high-riding local-derby rivals , Clipstone Welfare .
Thoresby cruised home by eight wickets after dismissing Clipstone for just 106 , and shot in to second place in The Championship of the Bassetlaw League .
Although they remain fully 70 points behind leaders Papplewick and Linby , with four games to play , they are six points above third-placed North Wheatley with Leverton and now have a 20-point cushion over Clipstone .
Hosts Thoresby were in control from the moment they won the toss , with Josh Flowers ( 46no ) the only visiting batsman to offer resistance . The bowlers to inflict the damage were Jack Dickens ( 4-22 ) , Danny Tyson ( 2-27 ) and Reham Ahmed ( 2-16 ) . Thoresby needed only 13 overs to knock the runs off as openers Mitchell English ( 51 ) and Lewis Cameron ( 47 ) made hay .
Elsewhere , Blidworth eased any lingering relegation worries with a 50-run win at Notts and Arnold Amateurs , who were skittled for 116 , but Edwinstowe remain next to bottom after a total of 191-6 ( Adam Dutton 67 ) was not enough to prevent a three-wicket defeat at home to Glapwell Colliery .
Meanwhile a brave bid by Cuckney 2nd to derail the title charge of Papplewick and Linby eventually bit the dust . Knocks of 56 from Josh Porter and 44 from Mark Langford enabled Cuckney to recover from 53-7 to post a total of 174 , and their bowlers reduced Papplewick to 135-6 before the visitors won by four wickets .
Cloud computing company Salesforce has achieved net-zero greenhouse gas emissions , more than 30 years ahead of schedule , the company announced . Salesforce achieved this in part by executing two 12-year renewable energy agreements in the last year and supporting sustainable development projects through the purchase of high-quality carbon credits , the company says .
Massive Data Centers at Tech Companies Have Significant Impact
Salesforce has recently expanded into more areas that rely on coal-fired electricity , more than doubling emissions from its data centers in a year 's time – from 52,000 metric tons of CO2 equivalent in fiscal year 2015 to about 110,000 metric tons in fiscal year 2016 , the company reported ( via Mashable ) . The company 's senior director of sustainability , Patrick Flynn , said the recent expansion is exactly why the company has accelerated its efforts to reach net-zero emissions .
In 2012 , Greenpeace called Salesforce the worst of the “ dirty cloud ” companies in a report that claimed cloud computing companies were perpetuating the use of fossil fuel ; the company has improved its record since then enough to earn a “ B ” in Greenpeace 's 2017 “ Clicking Clean ” report .
Other tech giants , including Google – which achieved the top score in Greenpeace 's 2017 report – are also taking a close look at their carbon footprints , according to a recent Energy Manager Today article .
Reaching Net-Zero with a Three-Pronged Approach
Salesforce says its path to net-zero is a three-pronged approach : Avoid , Reduce , and Mitigate . The company describes some of its key activities this way :
Avoid : The multi-tenant architecture of the Salesforce platform is 50 times more carbon and energy efficient than on-premise software , the company says . As a result , Salesforce avoided 2 million metric tons of emissions last year .
Reduce : Ongoing projects throughout its operations , such as investing in green office spaces and improving data center efficiency , continue to drive energy savings .
Mitigate : Last year , to make progress toward its goals of 100 % renewable energy and net-zero greenhouse gas emissions , Salesforce signed two virtual power purchase agreements for a combined 64 megawatts of wind power , offsetting a significant portion of its electricity consumption for years to come .
The company says it is also mitigating climate impact by supporting sustainable development projects through the purchase of carbon credits . “ We achieved net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by purchasing carbon credits equal to the emissions under our operational control which we could n't avoid or reduce , ” the company says .
Salesforce Offers Customers a ‘ Carbon Neutral Cloud '
Salesforce has also purchased carbon credits equal to some of its indirect impacts such as manufacturing servers , data center operations , and the impact of its customers using Salesforce on their personal devices – this , the company says , provides customers with a carbon neutral cloud .
Salesforce will soon be moving into its new headquarters – the tallest building in San Francisco – which has attained the highest level of LEED certification , writes SFGate.com .
Hello lovelies !
I just ca n't seem to have enough of the new Guerlain Rouge G de Guerlain Lip Colors released earlier this year . Guerlain # 62 Rouge G de Guerlain Lipstick is my newest addition from this line . I told you when these launched ( live swatches ) how excited I am and that I 'm planning on getting a lot of shades . Well , there 's no hurry as many of them are permanent so here to stay . 🙂
Where to buy :
U.S. – Now at Sephora , Saks , Neiman Marcus , Nordstrom
UK – Now at Selfridges , Harrods , Debenhams , Escentual , Feel Unique
France – Now at Sephora.fr
Romania – Now at Sephora , Douglas
Guerlain # 62 Rouge G de Guerlain Lipstick Review
Guerlain # 62 Rouge G de Guerlain Lipstick ( 2018 ) ( $ 32.00 / £24.50 / €31.50 / 238.00 Lei for 0.12 oz . / 3.5 g ) is a medium reddish pink with warm undertones and a soft sheen . It has a great color payoff and comes very close to being opaque in a single layer .
It glides easily across my lips without pulling , tugging or sinking into lip lines . The consistency is light and creamy , giving a comfortable sensation throughout the wear . I 'm not afraid of wearing this lipstick after I wore a matte lip color as the formula feels very hydrating .
I 'm really confident putting Guerlain # 62 Rouge G de Guerlain Lipstick even on those days when my lips lack a bit of moisture . The color is very decent I might say , office and day time appropriate . I would recommend this shade to anyone as I think it will complement every skin color .
I would see this lipstick worn by women of any age . Is not that intense shade that will draw too much attention to your lips but it will warm up your face and give you a more vivid look . Even if your lips lack moisture this formula will delicately embrace them , hydrate them and add a bit of shine .
The effect is a natural sheen that will make your lips look fresh , vivid and quite natural . This color is part of the permanent collection so you can think about getting it anytime , no hurry .
I love most of the new Guerlain Rouge G de Guerlain Lipsticks ( reviews , swatches ) and not to mention the packaging . You can actually choose to use only one lip case for several lipsticks and the prices are quite affordable .
On me this color wore off after about five hours . It did n't leave a stain behind and my lips still felt soft and quite hydrated .
If you are a # guerlainlover I bet you already bought a couple of shades . Which ones do you prefer ? 🙂
SHOP THIS POST
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
Guerlain # 62 Rouge G de Guerlain Lipstick Pigmentation 9
Texture 9
Longevity 9
Application 10
Product 9 PRO Good color payoff
Nice natural sheen
Suitable for anyone regardless your age or skin color
Lightweight and hydrating formula
Luxurious packaging
Does n't sink or emphasizes lip lines CON It does n't last quite well if you have a meal ( need to reapply )
Not very long lasting ( 5 hours tops ) 9.2 Average Score
SHOP THIS POST
A Sunderland woman threatened her ex-partner 's new girlfriend that she would ‘ melt her face off ' with a mixture of bleach , boiling water and sugar in an avalanche of sickening facebook messages , a court heard .
Courtney Brown , 23 , told the victim she would disfigure her so that no man would look at her again , South Tyneside magistrates heard .
I will melt your face off that bad that nobody will ever look at you again Courtney Brown
The terrifying threats were made over social media between September 19 and November 7 , by Brown .
Prosecutor Justin Gibson said the victim and Brown 's ex , with whom she has a three-year-old child , had been communicating on Facebook since August .
The court heard there was then an alleged incident in which Brown smashed up her former partner 's flat , on September 17 .
Them on November 3 , his new girlfriend started receiving messages via facebook .
One message read : “ I 'm coming down to bray you , ” Mr Gibson said .
The court heard the victim contacted her niece in an effort to stop the defendant acting out the threats .
However , the messages only got worse .
One read : “ I 'm coming for you , simple as that .
“ I wo n't stop until bleach , boiling water and sugar hits your face .
“ Watch out for this love . I will melt your face off that bad that nobody will ever look at you again .
“ I will personally murder you with my bare hands .
“ I know where you live . I 'm going to smash your windows and blow your house up . ”
Brown , of Sevenoaks Drive , Hastings Hill , pleaded guilty to harassment , putting her victim in fear of violence .
A victim personal statement was read out in court .
It said : “ I am petrified .
“ I have n't been able to sleep or eat properly .
“ I 'm worried to leave the house as I feel that she will kill me if I leave the house .
“ This has caused me a great deal of distress over the past few weeks . ”
Susan Gray , defending , said : “ This is her first time in court and although the offence is serious and the messages are particularly unpleasant , there is no suggestion in her background or her actions that she was going to carry out these threats .
“ She had been with her ex-partner for six years and they have a three-year-old child .
“ They split up earlier in the year and she was devastated by that , although it was not a happy relationship .
“ She has mental health problems . She has mood swings that go from anger to elation and she is medicated .
“ Shortly after that break-up , she found out that her ex was in a relationship with this lady .
“ It seems to have gone quiet after September . Then between November 3 and 7 it started again .
“ Miss Brown found out that he was seeing her and she could n't cope with that and she took to social media .
“ She expressed herself in a way that is completely unacceptable .
“ The threats were n't carried out and there was no chance of them being carried out . It would be completely against her whole ethos .
“ There has been no contact since the arrest was made . ”
The bench asked for a pre-sentence report to be prepared by the Probation Service and Brown will be sentenced at a later date .
She was bailed on the conditions that she does not contact prosecution witnesses , attend Gala Bingo in The Galleries , Washington , or enter Penshaw Village .
All Progressives Congress ( APC ) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly . Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari 's veto on the Electoral Act amendme ...
Van Oord is the preferred turnkey contractor to supply and install foundations at WPD 's 640MW Yunlin offshore wind farm off the coast of Taiwan .
The Dutch outfit said the Yunlin project has a contract value of approximately €500m .
Related Stories Van Oord newbie to rock and roll
22 May 2018
Van Oord nears Gemini finish line
15 Aug 2016 It will be responsible for the design , manufacturing and installation of the 80 monopile foundations at the project site 8km off the coast of Yunlin prefecture .
Van Oord said the project is expected to reach financial close at the end of this year .
The first foundations should be ready for installation by the start of 2020 , the company added .
Van Oord chief executive Pieter van Oord said : “ The Yunlin project is a great opportunity for Van Oord to show our expertise outside Europe . We look forward to working with our local partners to enable the energy transition of Taiwan . ”
Image : Van Oord
This weekend on Alice … Fly through space from the safety of your planetarium seat , take a virtual safari in African Hall , or climb into the canopy of a living rainforest at the California Academy of Sciences , the world 's only aquarium-planetarium-rainforest-living museum . Get tickets at calacademy.org .
Winning is every hour from noon to 5 PM . When you hear the cue to call , start dialing 1-800-400-FM97 . Caller 9 instantly wins a pair of tickets !
Come nose-to-beak with penguins and parrots , watch sting rays cruise beneath your feet , and feel the spray of the California coast . Face your fears—and an albino alligator—inside the Swamp , and meet scientists as they return from research expeditions around the world . From the depths of a Philippine coral reef to the outer reaches of the Universe , it 's all inside the California Academy of Sciences . Learn more and buy tickets at calacademy.org .
Warren Buffett-backed Chinese electric carmaker BYD Co. has seen its Hong Kong-traded shares slide by 14.5 percent this year but that has n't shaken analyst confidence . A majority of the 27 analysts who cover the company remain bullish , with 18 recommending buys , rising from 15 at the end of last year , according to data compiled by Bloomberg . Still , BYD faces increasing competition as China liberalizes the auto market for foreign investors , including global EV leaders Tesla and Nissan .
— With assistance by Shin Pei
A French tourist has been bitten by a crocodile in a Thai national park as whe tried to take a selfie with the beast . She was taken to hopsital and is expected to recover .
The crocodile bit 47-year-old Muriel Benetulier on the leg when she ignored warning signs and approached it to take a selfie , park officials said .
The incident took place at the Khao Yai national park , three hours north of Bangkok .
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the victim strapped to a stretcher , a thick bandage around her knee .
Another photo showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English `` Danger Crocodile No Swimming '' .
Siamese crocodiles were once ubiquitous across South East Asia but their populations have been decimated in the last century by hunting and habitat loss .
They are currently listed as critically endangered on the IUCN 's red list .
In Thailand there are just a handful of wild populations left in central and western national parks .
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
While taking care of a sick child in the hospital can be a nightmare for any parent or caregiver , many families must also contend with being hungry while caring for their child .
Stacy Lindau leads a program to help combat hunger called Feed1st . With six food pantries located throughout the University of Chicago 's Comer Children 's Hospital , it offers a solution in the fight against “ food insecurity . ”
“ Food insecurity is a technical term , and it means that an individual over a period of time ca n't reasonably rely on access to basic nutritional sources or meet their nutritional needs in socially acceptable ways , ” says Lindau , a physician and professor at the Pritzker School of Medicine in the obstetrics/gynecology and medicine-geriatrics departments .
Although one in five US households with children are food insecure , Lindau had no idea how rampant the problem was in hospitals until she was approached by a chaplain who witnessed families going hungry at the bedside of their sick child .
On this episode of the podcast Knowledge Applied , Lindau shares how she decided to address what she called a “ real humanitarian need , ” the benefits of food pantries , both for families and hospital staff , and how the program is providing critical data for future research .
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes and Stitcher .
Source : University of Chicago
A former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party , Prince Uche Secondus , has emerged as the new chairman of the party .
Secondus defeated all the aspirants who contested the coveted position with him in the election which was held at Eagle Square , Abuja on Saturday .
The result of the election was declared in the early hours of Sunday .
Details of the poll had not been officially announced as of the time of going to press .
Secondus received strong backing of the 11 governors elected on the platform of the party , as they stood in solidarity with him throughout the exercise .
Governors of Rivers and Ekiti States , Messrs NyesomWike and Ayodele Fayose , actively mobilised support openly for the new party chair .
As of the time of filing this report at 12:10am , Secondus and Wike were still at the Eagle Square as the votes of the elections were being sorted and counted by members of the electoral committee .
The unflinching support by the governors was said to have boosted Secondus ' chance in the North where Adeniran had initial support .
A member of the party from the North said that “ the northern caucus apart from Prof. Jerry Gana and Senator Ibrahim Mantu decided to support Secondus because he was the toast of the governors and the majority members of the party . ”
Secondus told one of our correspondents that if declared winner , he would work with all those that contested against him .
Those who contested against him but lost were Dr. Raymond Dokpesi , Prof. Tunde Adeniran and Prof. Taoheed Adedoja .
Others contestants , apart from Chief Olabode George , announced their withdrawal from the race shortly before the commencement of the exercise .
George said on Friday at a press briefing that he was withdrawing due to the refusal of the party to micro-zone the office of the national chairman to the South-West .
The party had zoned the office to the entire southern part of the country , while it also ceded the presidential ticket to the northern region .
However , while there were seven aspirants from the South-West Zone , only two showed interest from the South-South .
Others from the South-West included Senator Rashidi Ladoja , Chief Gbenga Daniel , Mr. Jimi Agbaje and Aderemi Olusegun .
All the aspirants except Ladoja , Dokpesi and Secondus eventually contested the election .
Ladoja told one of our correspondents that he was still consulting and would speak on the outcome of the convention soon .
“ I 'm consulting and will speak soon . We need to study its outcome before making any pronouncements , ” he said .
Secondus , in an exclusive interview with one of our correspondents in the early hours of Sunday at Eagle Square , said that the love of the party remains paramount in his heart .
He said , “ It is the party first . We have no other reason to remain contestants without the PDP . Our interest is in the party and the desire to wrest power from the ruling All Progressives Congress . That should be our goal .
“ None of us can do it alone . It is in our interest to come together and fight for Nigerians . All the contestants are capable of leading the party . I want to appeal to every member of the party to come together and be united . I 'm appealing to all and sundry , we should all remain united and be committed . ”
Meanwhile , there was a mild drama at the Eagle Square when Dokpesi abandoned his Edo State stand and walked to Rivers State stand to sit with Secondus as the results of the election were being awaited .
Adeniran kicks , says Makarfi should hand over to BoT
Meanwhile , Adeniran , a former Minister of Education , has called on the national leadership of the party to hand over the affairs of the party to its Board of Trustees .
Adeniran stated this after he walked out of the Eagle Square in company with his supporters to protest the outcome of the national convention .
The Director of Media and Publicity of the Adeniran Campaign Organisation , Taiwo Akeju , who spoke on behalf of the former minister , rejected the entire electoral process .
He urged the Senator Ahmed Makarfi-led National Caretaker Committee to hand over the party to the BoT in order to conduct “ a credible election . ”
Akeju said , “ We reject the entire electoral process of December 9 , 2017 . The election was grossly compromised to achieve a predetermined end in line with the illegal ‘ Unity List ' prepared by Governors Nyesom Wike and Ayodele Fayose and foisted on the entire delegates .
“ Consequently , we submit that this election is a sham and its result is unacceptable . We reject it in its entirety .
“ We consider this so-called election as a travesty of democracy and due process , which further entrenches the culture of impunity that has done great damage to the party in the past . ”
Fayose asks losers to accept defeat in good faith
The Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose , has asked those who contested the PDP national chairmanship seat but lost to Secondus , to accept defeat in good faith .
Fayose also said he had no regret , canvassing support for aspirants on the list .
He insisted that some people kicked against the list because they did not win the election .
He said , “ Anyone who will contest the result of this election at the court of law is an enemy of the party . It is not good to be a bad loser . If you did not win , just take it in good faith and support the winner ”
PDP stops Sheriff 's man from contesting
A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democratic Party , Fatai Adeyanj said on Saturday that he was disqualified from running for the office of the national treasurer of the party .
Adeyanju was also prevented from accessing the Eagle Square , venue of the party 's national convention .
He was disqualified from the race because of his alleged inability to present his tax clearance .
Adeyanju , who was a close ally of a former National Chairman of the party , Senator Ali Modu Sheriff , remained outside the venue , hours into the exercise .
He later told journalists that the committee set up by the party for the convention deliberately screened him out .
He alleged that Governor Fayose was responsible for the treatment meted out to him .
He said , “ The party 's screening committee rejected my tax clearance certificate even though the document remained valid until December 2017 .
“ The party also said that I did n't have a voter card , but I tendered my valid voter card before the committee .
“ You can see the original copy of my valid tax certificate and my voter card . All efforts to make the screening committee see reason proved abortive . ”
Apart from being close to Sheriff , Adeyanju and the then National Secretary , Prof. Wale Oladipo , were allies of Senator Buruji Kashamu .
Both Sheriff and Kashamu are considered as enemies of the Senator Ahmed Makarfi-led national caretaker committee .
“ When there are divisions in the leadership , people follow different groups or individuals . But when the crisis gets resolved , we should all be allowed to join the winning group without victimisation , ” Adeyanju said .
He promised to go to court to seek redress after the convention .
The beauty industry is a billion-dollar world that has made many celebrities , beauty bloggers and influencers very rich , however it is largely dominated by women . Rapper Rick Ross is hoping to change that with his new men 's grooming line , RICH .
Rick Ross ' beard-centric beauty line RICH uses champagne and caviar extracts 🍾 https : //t.co/rtXU5mAjEJ pic.twitter.com/tvzCi7tUIj — Complex Music ( @ ComplexMusic ) April 24 , 2018
Rick Ross wants men to look their best and keep their beards looking as luxurious as his , courtesy of the launch of his new men 's grooming line called RICH , reports Complex . When it comes to # BeardGang representation , few are as recognized and praised as Rick Ross himself . Now , the rapper wants to take the men 's grooming section of the beauty market to new heights—one beard at a time .
Via Complex :
Rick Ross is starting his own beauty line with a beard-centric focus . Da Boss has , inarguably , the greatest beard in the game , which lends him some credence when it comes to this new business endeavor . In an era where rappers are eager to diversify their incomes wherever they can , without losing credibility , this seems like a smart move on Ross ' part—particularly when there 's so much money in the beauty industry .
According to ‘ The Cut , ' this nine-piece RICH collection will also cater the rapper 's base , and not to those whom the company 's name might apply to , as the products will cost between $ 12.99 and $ 15.99 each . Ross apparently designed this collection with men like him in mind , wanting to offer a set of items most helpful in grooming the often-untenable facial hair we sport . RICH will essentially be comprised of beard oil , shampoo , conditioner , hair and body wash , styling gel , shaving cream , aftershave balm , pomade , and styling wax . This seems like a rather all-encompassing group of assorted items without any glaring pieces left out .
The element Ross hopes will make this pop—aside from his name being attached—is that each product will contain a hemp-seed , champagne and caviar extract oil . Naturally , Rozay is calling this “ the boss experience , ” and frankly , I 'd probably check this out before any other alternative not featuring this magical oil the next time I need to buy some beard products .
Fans of Ross , and those just generally curious to sample the product , wo n't have to wait too long to get their hands on it . The RICH collection , is set to hit stores with a limited supply in May , before it becomes available in July nationally at Sally Beauty Supply— both in-stores and online .
Check out today 's Top Stories here :
Toronto Driver Officially Charged With Murder After Killing 10 Pedestrians
Issa Rae Teams Up With BET To Find New Talent For TV Series
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
LAS VEGAS ( KLAS ) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets .
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $ 3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $ 4 million .
Zappo 's , the UFC , and Station Casinos have all pledged $ 1 million each .
Many individuals are also donating what they can , including more than $ 9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo . But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it ?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out .
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding . The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that .
As of Thursday evening , that fund stood at $ 9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations . So , how will the money be spent , and who will administer the funds ?
“ We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses , with travel expenses , ” Sisolak said .
READ MORE : Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak 's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations .
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed . At Wednesday 's county commission meeting , the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties . Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments , travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died .
On Thursday , the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced . Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak 's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy . In particular , the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013 . Three people were killed and hundreds were injured . Donations exceeded $ 60 million .
Boston 's experience could serve as a model , however , no agreement has been reached .
“ We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure , how to give out the money . We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this . The sheriff and I are not involved with this . We started it , but that 's the extent of what we plan to do , ” Sisolak said .
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed , but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe , the company which hosts the fundraising webpage .
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation . As of thursday evening , 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world .
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $ 776,000 dollars .
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown .
Commissioner Sisolak said , that in addition to a group from Boston , county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando . Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money .
Related Coverage Deal gives INDOT direct control of delayed I-69 Section 5
EVANSVILLE , Ind . ( WEHT ) — Indiana officials have closed on a deal to take over completion of Section 5 of the Interstate 69 project .
The state has reimbursed the developer 's bondholders for $ 246 million , which returns direct control of the I-69 Section 5 project to the Indiana Department of Transportation .
In June , state officials announced the deal to take over construction of Section 5 after the completion date was pushed back several times by the private developer .
The 21-mile project between Bloomington and Martinsville is expected to be complete on or before August 2018 .
A mother and her 10-year-old daughter were recovering after police said two men opened fire in a `` gun battle '' on each other Tuesday afternoon .
Stray bullets hit both the mom and daughter . now they said they 're thankful to be alive .
The family was packing up their car after a shopping trip at Walmart . The mother , Samantha Tygrit , said the kids were in the back of the car when the gunshots started .
[ RELATED : Police release photo of suspect in east Las Vegas triple shooting ]
Tygrit was hit in the shoulder but ran to the back to protect her kids . She said her 10-year-old daughter , Aaliyah Inghram , had thrown herself on top of her 18-month-old brother and cousin to shield him from the bullets . In the process , Aaliyah was hit in the behind .
`` I pulled my 4-year-old out , threw her on the ground , and held her down , and before I had a chance to get my 10-year-old and my 18-month-old , my 10-year-old looked at me and said she 'd already been shot , '' Samantha said .
`` I did n't want the baby to get hurt so I like stepped in front of the babies . If I had n't stood in front of my brother , he would have been shot in the stomach , '' Aaliyah said .
`` I died inside . I just scooped her up in my arms . I 'd been shot , but I just picked her up and grabbed her sister , '' Samantha explained .
Aaliyah said it felt like she 'd been hit really hard , but she did n't realize she 'd been shot until she saw the blood .
`` I fainted one time , and all I remember is something wet and cold because they splashed water on me , '' Aaliyah said .
`` She started passing out and I 'd never been so scared in my life , '' Samantha said .
Thankfully , both mom and daughter were okay . Now , they 're just thankful to be alive .
`` She saved her brother 's life yesterday , and my nephews , because they were both there , and her little body could only shield so much . but she threw herself in front of them , '' Samantha said .
`` Good thing that my brother 's okay because I would rather be shot than him be shot , '' Aaliyah said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Listen to Tony Redz all week for your chance to win a $ 50 Modells Gift Card , just in time for the holidays .
For Amazing Holiday Prices , you got ta go to Mos !
Courtesy of Modells
Donald Trump talks to reporters in the 'Spin Alley ' after the first prime-time presidential debate in August . ( Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images )
To hear journalists tell it , the 84 days since President Donald Trump 's inauguration have exposed us to a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man . Self-contained storylines that once would have risen and fallen in distinct waves of public attention have given way to information overload and frequent confusion . Time seemingly blurs as new developments flash like strobe lights from all angles . The traditional news cycle has been killed , and I suggest the culprit was Trump , in the White House , with the lead pipe .
Remember “ alternative facts ” ? It was just Day 3 . The news-time continuum still had a semblance of balance then , even if the underlying factors priming it for carnage had already been set : a sensationalist media with an insatiable appetite for content ; massive distrust of the mainstream press ; a fragmented social web that incentivizes false information ; and a political U-turn in Washington . With his predilection for impulsive action and self-contradiction , the tweeter-in-chief was uniquely suited to overload an already strained system .
The question we 're left with , posed time and again by journalists on Twitter , in stories , and on podcasts that double as support groups for media whiplash , is whether the public can cope . And consensus speculation is that mere mortals ca n't possibly keep up .
I have covered politics for the last 19 years . I never remember this much news all at once . — Chris Cillizza ( @ CillizzaCNN ) April 6 , 2017
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
I feel like there 's a new crazy story about the Trump administration every day . How does a average news consumer even keep up . — andrew kaczynski 🤔 ( @ KFILE ) March 31 , 2017
That was the biggest news week since last week — Farhad Manjoo 🐣 ( @ fmanjoo ) April 7 , 2017
Me trying to catch up on all the politics news out of D.C. this morning pic.twitter.com/RyJcwq5mfL — Liam Stack ( @ liamstack ) April 6 , 2017
Enterprising news organizations craving new products have not let this potential crisis of public attention go to waste . The Guardian 's daily CliffsNotes for political news , the self-explanatory “ Minute , ” was rolled out with some foresight last year . NBC News has been boiling down each of the Trump administration 's first 100 days to a single key moment . Politico has expanded its early morning Playbook newsletter with a midday “ Power Lunch ” edition . Should the speed and discombobulation of news continue to accelerate , the franchise may need to detach itself from human eating schedules and align more with that of hobbits : Breakfast Playbook , Second Breakfast Playbook , Elevenses Playbook , and so on .
A new entrant that displays perhaps the most accurate encapsulation of this peculiar moment takes the form of an independent email blast : “ What The Fuck Just Happened Today ? ” The aptly named roundup does the yeoman 's work of “ logging the daily shock and awe in politics . ”
An abridged recap of the greatest news hits of the not-yet-three-month-old Trump administration—policy changes , palace intrigue , military escalation—would read with encyclopedic density . Trump 's tweeting and frequent clashes with the media provide a running backdrop , as does the ever-more-complicated inquiry into Russian meddling in last year 's election . That latter storyline has reached its umpteenth level of complexity , even if we still ca n't agree on how to pronounce House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes 's last name .
The president and his retinue , meanwhile , empower the likes of Fox & Friends , conspiratorial blog Gateway Pundit , and alt-right icon Mike Cernovich . Fake news has become an overused and increasingly meaningless insult on all sides of the debate . “ We are entering a space of total metaphysical and informational confusion , ” Ezra Klein summarized on a February episode of Vox 's policy podcast , The Weeds .
The meta-coverage of this phenomenon has tended to focus on how keeping up with the news may induce stress—some pieces pose solutions—and the head of the American Psychological Association even called the potential effects “ deeply concerning. ” But what about news comprehension , ostensibly the first goal of journalism ?
A Huffington Post/YouGov poll released this week suggests that worries about information overload may be overstated—or at least more complicated than was previously assumed . Just 30 percent of respondents who try to follow current events “ say that they feel political news is changing so quickly that they ca n't keep up , ” according to the survey of 1,000 American adults . Sixty percent say it 's not a problem , and about two-thirds of all respondents add that following political news now is either just as manageable or even easier than in years past . Older and more Trump-supportive respondents were more likely to say they could cope .
Of course , surveys also occasionally suggest that Americans may not be as well-versed in current events as they think . Yet there seem to be a few possibilities for the disconnect on the public 's perceived ability to keep up . The Huffington Post 's primary caveat is that respondents might , in fact , be overwhelmed by the news but say the opposite when polled . The rosier take is that media organizations have risen to the occasion more than they themselves understand .
More plausible is that media professionals , academics , and the political class comprise an informational elite that live in a media universe distinct from that of a large portion of the public . They have the interest , energy , and toolkit to navigate the full scope of political information zooming around the internet . Many others tend to stick to familiar sources of their choosing , popping in and out of news depending on the story or day . During a time of intense discussion of the media 's disconnect from the public—by ideology , geography , or formal education—it would add yet another fault line to the mix .
What 's clear is that the digital hamster wheel that journalists inhabit will only continue its acceleration . Less so is whether the rest of the public , bereft of the news cycles that act as a sort of on-ramp by focusing attention , will be able to get back on track .
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
David Uberti is a CJR staff writer and senior Delacorte fellow . Follow him on Twitter @ DavidUberti .
Police : Des Plaines man set fire to neighbor 's gas meter , lawn
hello
A Des Plaines man was charged Monday with aggravated arson after authorities said he poured gasoline on a neighbor 's natural-gas meter and lawn and set them on fire last week .
Jason G. John , 36 , of the 1000 block of Rose Avenue , was denied bond during an initial court appearance and is in custody at the Cook County jail awaiting trial .
Police said John poured gasoline and set fire to the house 's gas meter and front lawn about 10:30 p.m. Thursday .
Firefighters were able to quickly extinguish the fire , according to a news release .
Police said all of the home 's residents were inside at the time of the fire , though no one was injured . John appeared to be intoxicated at the time , police added .
The homeowner , Henry Krol , said Monday most of his family was upstairs asleep , as he saw the orange glow of flames from his window . Police said he and John were involved in an argument several weeks earlier .
`` I 'm trying to figure out why someone would want to kill me over a swear word , '' Krol said . `` We were in this house and we could have died . ''
There was some fire damage to the siding on the house , authorities said .
An investigation into last week 's fire led to John as a suspect , and a search warrant executed at his house uncovered evidence tying him to the arson , authorities said .
By : Charles Curtis | December 11 , 2017 8:43 am
Cam Newton loves crazy hats .
Remember the Pharrell-esque number ? Or this cool throwback hat ? Or the barbershop quartet-like one ?
Now , after Sunday 's huge win over the Minnesota Vikings , we 've got what 's basically … a fez ?
Per the Charlotte Observer , it was “ inspired by some pictures of rapper Andre 3000 that he had seen in GQ magazine. ” :
Newton said he had surveyed the postgame dress of numerous pro sports leagues and decided : “ Ai n't nobody seen a brimless hat . … You saw it here first . Cam Newton . Brimless hat . ”
True story : Cam Newton says his fez , or “ brimless hat , ” was inspired by Andre 3000 pic.twitter.com/yP1J8c01Nn — Bill Voth ( @ PanthersBill ) December 10 , 2017
As expected , Twitter had jokes :
Lmaoo Cam Newton dressed like Morocco Mole pic.twitter.com/kaXdMpsY6p — ko ( @ housemarkkanen ) December 10 , 2017
I think this is where Cam Newton got his inspiration for his outfit pic.twitter.com/7Og0Dv9hJy — JuiceLessGabe ( @ SwaggLessGabe ) December 11 , 2017
Cam Newton stole Mustafa 's look pic.twitter.com/doxJ3Hpahd — One Take At A Time ( @ OneTakeAtATime ) December 11 , 2017
Cam Newton is off to Shriner 's meeting after this , apparently . pic.twitter.com/75R4HRM7Xi — Patrick Shuck ( @ PShuck ) December 11 , 2017
Following today 's win Cam Newton appears to be a Shriner pic.twitter.com/QJJuZVmLL7 — Dave Schwartz ( @ Dave_Schwartz ) December 10 , 2017
Congrats to Cam Newton on his new internship at the Grand Budapest Hotel pic.twitter.com/7tj4vZtnyD — Anson ( @ SirAnsonWong ) December 11 , 2017
When it comes to game info , Cam Newton is a Fez dispenser.pic.twitter.com/I694XjTomv — Rick Reilly ( @ ReillyRick ) December 11 , 2017
Cam Newton out keeping the Holy Grail safe and hidden pic.twitter.com/1gK1PSmNOr — HeavensBarstool ( @ HeavensHawkeye ) December 10 , 2017
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — Mayor Joe Hogsett and IMPD Chief Bryan Roach made a special visit to Fountain Square Wednesday .
IMPD held its monthly community walk in the neighborhood , during which Mayor Hogsett and Chief Roach met with residents in the area . They spent time taking suggestions and answering questions .
The community walks are being held by IMPD around the city to help connect the department with the people they serve .
“ I think it 's relationship building , that 's why we 're out here , ” Roach said . I think we all believe public safety is a community issue . Law enforcement is about people , not about the enforcement part . ”
This was the fourth IMPD community walk . Several more are planned through the end of the summer .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson deserves to go to jail because of the way he campaigned during the EU referendum .
That 's the verdict of a former senior Conservative , James Chapman .
Mr Chapman was former Tory Chancellor George Osborne 's special adviser , which meant it was his job to explain Mr Osborne 's thinking to the media .
He went on to work for David Davis , the Brexit Secretary .
But now he 's left the government , and he 's angry about Brexit .
He said that an “ effective ” electoral law would jail people for saying things that are n't true .
And he highlighted the claim on the Leave campaign bus , which ferried Boris Johnson around the country , that quitting the EU would free up £350 million a week for the NHS .
But that 's not the only thing Mr Chapman is suggesting .
He argues that the Tories will never win an election because Prime Minister Theresa May 's approach to Brexit will “ take the economy off a cliff ” .
Labour has also been taken over by the “ fringe ” – a reference to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn – says Mr Chapman .
And he argues the Liberal Democrats are pretty much finished too , as their recent election results suggest .
His solution is to create a new 'centrist ' political party , which he says should be called the Democrats .
Perhaps there 's some logic to this . Labour has undoubtedly shifted to the left .
It 's also true that Labour and the Conservatives have a similar approach to Brexit . Both insist on leaving the single market and ending freedom of movement , even though we could quit the EU without doing this .
Maybe there 's a vacancy for a party which aims for the centre ground in a similar way to former Labour leader Tony Blair – and which aims to reverse Brexit , or at least to aim for a “ softer ” version of it .
But something similar happened in the 1980s , when Labour moderates , and a few Tories , formed a pro-EU party called the Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) .
It enjoyed some success , winning 25 per cent of the vote in 1983 , in alliance with the Liberal Party .
But that was only enough to give it 23 out of 650 seats in the House of Commons .
This is a result of how our election system works .
A number of MPs switched parties and joined the SDP . But the next time an election came – and they tried standing as an SDP candidate – most were defeated and lost their seats .
The SDP is n't the only reason today 's politicians are unlikely to try forming a new party . But it 's certainly an experience they 're not going to want to repeat .
FORSYTH , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – “ I feel that energy in the air in Forsyth now , ” said Forsyth Mayor Eric Wilson .
Your car runs on energy–either gas or electric these days .
“ People know that we 're serious , ” said Wilson .
Forsyth 's aiming its energy toward the future of cars .
“ With the prevalence of electric cars–they 're going to become more prevalent , ” said Wilson .
The city 's partnering with the Middle Georgia Clean Air Coalition to install an electric car charging station near the downtown area .
“ Making opportunities available for businesses to grow here , ” said Wilson .
Mayor Eric Wilson is excited because it should help the economy by bringing people off interstate 75 .
“ A lot of folks do n't realize that there 's a city away from the interstate , ” said Wilson .
That brings traffic off the roads and into restaurants and shops .
“ They may be traveling through , they stop and get a hamburger , fuel up and they never realize that there 's a town square here with a courthouse with unique shops and local restaurants , ” said Wilson .
The charging station sounds fancy , but the Mayor says the small cost is worth it .
“ The fueling station is somewhere between $ 3500 and $ 5000 should be our match , ” said Wilson . “ The Middle Georgia Clean Air Coalition has decided to match 50 % up to $ 5000 . ”
All to bring a new kind of energy to Forsyth .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana 's governor , a post she maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with her public duties .
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and her small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard . The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma 's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere .
Her firm , SVC Inc. , collected more than $ 6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011 , records show . At the same time , records indicate she also received more than $ 1 million through a contract with Hewlett , the nation 's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems .
Last year , her firm collected an additional $ 316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises , according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests .
In financial disclosures posted this week , Verma reported she has an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing , Michigan , within 90 days of her confirmation .
In a statement , a spokesman for Verma said she was “ fully transparent ” about her relationship with HP and noted the company 's work for the state predates Verma 's contract with the company . A spokesman for Pence also did not respond to a request for comment .
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday . Democrats in Washington are aware of many of her consulting arrangements , and have broader concerns about her philosophy about government entitlement programs , lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization .
As a trusted adviser to Pence , she had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators . Verma was also widely respected for her grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake his own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act .
Verma did not specifically address how she would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week . The letter outlined her plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should she be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . Her relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014 .
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma 's work for Hewlett , and offshoot HP Enterprises , raised questions about where her loyalties lay — to the company , or to state taxpayers .
Richard Painter , former President George W. Bush 's chief ethics lawyer , called Verma 's arrangement a “ conflict of interest ” that “ clearly should not happen and is definitely improper . ”
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana 's ethics rules and laws , but they 're murkier when it comes to consulting work . Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees , distinctions between the two can be hard to discern .
“ She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority , people thought she was a state employee , ” said Debra Minot , a former head of Indiana 's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma .
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma 's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit . It 's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with , he said .
“ If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating , they ca n't negotiate hard for both sides , ” said Orentlicher , a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker .
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute , said Minot .
“ It was never clear to me until that moment that she , in essence , was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors , ” said Minot , who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over her disagreements with Verma . “ It was just shocking to me that she could play both sides . ”
State contracts show Verma 's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times . One agreement she held with the state 's social services agency required her to “ provide technical assistance ” to state contractors , as well as the governor 's office . Another duty was “ contract development and negotiation ” with vendors , which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported her salary with SVC is $ 480,000 and her business income from the company as nearly $ 2.2 million .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The clash between Warsaw 's supreme court and nationalist-populist government is a crisis not just for Poland , but for the whole EU . If the 28-nation bloc can not enforce fundamental values such as democracy and rule of law , its future looks murky . With Poland , as with Hungary before it , EU institutions and member states have fallen short .
The law on Poland 's highest court that came into force on Tuesday completes in effect a creeping takeover of the judicial system by the ruling Law and Justice party . The government moved quickly after it was elected in 2015 to pack the constitutional tribunal — which rules on whether laws comply with the constitution — with loyalists . Last year , it gave politicians influence over the body that appoints judges , and passed a law enabling court presidents to be replaced .
The latest measure forces supreme court justices to retire at 65 unless they receive a special dispensation from the president , Andrzej Duda , who is linked to Law and Justice . Some 27 of the 72 serving justices exceed the limit and could be removed . Some have refused to recognise the change , calling the law unconstitutional . They include the supreme court head , Malgorzata Gersdorf , who commendably turned up at her office as usual on Wednesday .
Poland 's inefficient justice system undoubtedly needed reform . But the manner in which Law and Justice has carried out the task has left the system prone to political interference .
The EU did , in fairness , react more rapidly to the threats to the rule of law in Poland than to earlier , similar moves by Viktor Orban 's Fidesz government in Hungary . Lacking many other tools , it launched last year the so-called “ nuclear option ” of a procedure under Article 7 of the EU treaty . That could , in theory , deprive Warsaw of its voting rights . Doing so , however , would need a unanimous vote by the remaining 27 states , and Hungary has made clear it would use its veto . Several other states have become queasy about the process , leaving it in limbo — and the EU facing an expanding challenge .
While Hungary and Poland were the first EU countries to see nationalist-populists in power , far-right parties have since joined governments in Austria and Italy . Populism is on the rise across the continent . Immature institutions make the EU 's newest members most vulnerable to erosion of democratic checks and balances . But if the bloc fails to defend its values here , populists in more established democracies — claiming to represent the true “ will ” of the people — may be tempted to start undermining the rules , too .
What can be done ? There is still hope for people power in Poland . Mass demonstrations have forced the government to retreat or compromise before on unpopular steps , such as a proposed ban on abortion . But protests on the supreme court law have not yet reached levels seen last year .
At EU level , the centre-right European People 's Party should take the long overdue step of expelling Hungary 's Fidesz — whose behaviour has provided a model for populists in Poland and elsewhere — from its ranks .
The European Commission should more rapidly refer potential infringements to the European Court of Justice , as it belatedly did with Poland 's supreme court last week . A negative ruling would force Warsaw , which has always obeyed ECJ judgments before , to decide whether it is prepared to defy the court . Member states should also adopt proposals to link payment of EU structural funds to adherence to fundamental principles . If the bloc is to meet the existential challenge of defending its values , it must first create broader and more effective tools to do so .
The question of , “ Will mail be delivered on the 4th Of July ? ” is answered with a big “ No. ” All post offices and federal offices of any kind will be closed for the holiday , which means that no businesses nor homes will get mail . This also counts out USPS packages . According to USPS , because it is a federal holiday , all federal offices are closed . However , all federal workers are still paid for the day .
As far as FedEx and UPS go , their services are suspended , but will resume the day after , on Thursday , July 5 , 2018 . Though FedEx and UPS are closed for the 4th Of July , FedEx Offices will have modified hours and FedEx Custom Critical will remain open , as they are always open .
Amazon shipping may also be delayed for the holiday . But , in order to properly check your Amazon shipping details , you can find all information here , along with help info for customers .
Holidays on which mail is NOT delivered throughout the rest of the year are :
Independence Day – July 4 , 2018
Labor Day – September 3 , 2018
Thanksgiving Day – November 22 , 2018
Christmas – December 25 , 2018
New Year 's Day – January 1 , 2019
However , UPS Express Critical is available on the above dates . UPS Express Critical provides a variety of urgent transportation options for lightweight as well as heavyweight shipments around the world . UPS explains , “ Our experienced team can quickly assess a critical situation , identify transportation alternatives and implement a delivery solution that meets your time and cost requirements. ” Some of the transportation options include exclusive door-to-door delivery , next-flight-out air , charter services and more .
As far as package delivery goes , though UPS observes the 4th of July , there are plenty of holidays that UPS does n't observe . The remaining holidays that UPS does n't observe this year include :
UPS Founders ' Day – August 28 , 2018
Rosh Hashanah – September 9-11 , 2018
Yom Kippur – September 18-19 , 2018
Columbus Day – October 8 , 2018
Halloween – October 31 , 2018
Daylight Saving Time ends – November 4 , 2018
Veterans Day – November 11 , 2018
Hanukkah – December 2 – December 10 , 2018
Kwanzaa – December 26 , 2018 – January 1 , 2019
Additional holidays that UPS does not observe , meaning they run delivery as usual are Martin Luther King , Jr. Day , Valentine 's Day , Presidents ' Day , Chinese New Year , Daylight Saving Time , St. Patrick 's Day , Passover , Easter , Earth day , Cinco de Mayo , Mother 's Day , Flag Day , Ramadan , and Father 's Day .
In addition to mail not being delivered on the holiday , banks are closed , along with the DMV and the New York Stock Exchange .
Independence Day was officially made a federal holiday in 1870 , according to Newsweek . It commemorates the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4 , 1776 .
The holiday is also known for large displays of fireworks , Macy 's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular , in particular . New York City actually has the largest fireworks display in the country , though there are many huge fireworks shows across the country . Some of these fireworks displays include over the Charles River in Boston , Mission Bay in San Diego , Lake Union in Seattle , the San Francisco Bay , over the Philadelphia Museum of Art and via the National Mall in Washington , D.C . This time of year is one of the most busy travel times of the year and Newsweek has reported that on this Fourth of July holiday , an estimated 39 million people will be on the road .
Sunidhi Chauhan who turns a year older today , has some more good news to share with all her fans . If reports are to be believed , then the singer is five months pregnant with her first baby .
She tied the knot with Hitesh Sonik in April 15 , 2012 and the couple is now all set to embrace parenthood after five years of marriage .
Not many know that Hitesh is Sunidhi 's second husband . Before their marriage in April , when Hitesh was asked about his love story with Chauhan , he had revealed , `` She was a little more than a child when she won the Meri Awaz Suno music contest on television . That 's when we became friends . Over the years , she became a fine singer , and our friendship grew into love . ''
He had further added , `` That Sunidhi is a wonderful singer is only a part of her personality . I love her first and foremost for the person she is . She has blended so well into my family . My folks dote on her . And I am very comfortable with her family too . ''
The actress confirmed her pregnancy to Pinkvilla and replied with a 'Thank You ' .
Further , Sunidhi 's father confirmed the news and told Indian Express , `` Its a new chapter in Sunidhi 's life and we all are very happy and equally excited . Sunidhi has always been a hardworking child and has made us all proud with her work . But now that we will soon be grand parents I just ca n't contain my happiness . She is finishing her prior commitments but as a family we have taken a decision to not let her do outstation shows as her health is of utmost priority to us . ''
Well , we wish the couple hearty congratulations !
Mahmud Tim Kargbo : Sierra Leone Telegraph : 2nd February 2018 :
It is true that in order to create decent quality of life for citizens in society today , requires massive investment in public services . But generating the revenue to pay for these services in a poor country like Sierra Leone is not an easy political task , especially with rogue national leaders partnering with rogue individuals in some of the neo-colonial institutions such as World Bank and IMF .
While the rich too often find ways to dodge taxes , the poor can not afford to pay them . With the middle class feeling abused by the “ self-serving elites ” , and the “ entitled poor ” are in open revolt when subsidies are removed on essential goods . This is the political reason why the tax burden must be shifted from labour to capital .
In the current Sierra Leone political economy , however , the suggested policy shift will certainly be an uphill battle . Whether a political economy based on modern capitalism will be more conducive to a human economy , is an open question .
On the one hand , Government , IMF and World Bank know that with distributed technologies across Sierra Leone , and with the country 's huge mineral deposit , the greater the potential to democratise the means of production . On the other hand , the unprecedented concentration of power in the hands of a single individual with no independent institutions to fact-check the Executive arm of government , points to the opposite direction .
But if the IMF , World Bank , European Union say they are here to promote democracy and they are the ones providing the funds to sustain the democratic institutions , why are they tolerating such undemocratic acts ?
Is it because they are equally deceitful and more corrupt ? Why are they plotting to further punish our poor people by asking for the removal of subsidies just to squeeze the government to pay their rogue debt considering the current deplorable standard of living for the majority ?
If the United States is increasing its subsidies in essential commodities why is the IMF pressuring our government to remove subsidies on essential goods ? This is no longer an issue of the government , but the majority of our people who are currently sleeping in abject poverty .
Bizarre we were last told an IMF , World Bank and government alliance around basic income schemes indicates a window of opportunity . Modern day capitalism is reshuffling political fortunes , and progressives should go out of their way to build coalitions around the need to boost demand .
After half a century of supply-side economics and cost-cutting politics , putting incomes back into the centre of economic thinking is an opportunity our government , IMF and World Bank must not miss .
Government must have understood by now that building the human economy is not a technical task , but the outcome of political struggles . Only a broad societal coalition will be able to implement the necessary policy shifts .
To build this transformative alliance , we need a platform onto which as many communities as possible can come together . This platform can not be a smorgasbord of policies , but a narrative which explains how we can make the modern age transformation work for everyone .
What could this narrative look like ? Amid the conflicts over rogue IMF policies and the government , identity and distribution transformation , we need to strengthen the foundation of solidarity among all members of the society . This can only be done through a new social contract for the Sierra Leone modern society , and it needs to be brokered around compromise among all stakeholders .
The Human Economy offers such an inclusive compromise . In essence , it transcends the conflict between capital and labour by making human capital the engine of the economy . For capital , the Human Economy offers a solution to the existential threat of collapsing consumption demand .
For the working population , the threat of mass unemployment is mitigated through decent livelihoods . And for political decision makers , the looming threat of social unrest is relieved .
The Sierra Leone social democratic path to development , in other words , creates the necessary demand to sustain the modern economy , the social security our people need to embrace permanent change , the political stability required for the implementation of disruptive reforms .
The social contract for the digital society , in a nutshell , is to provide full capabilities to everyone who is willing to contribute to the common good .
Share this : Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
In August 2017 writer/rider Leslie Wylie will be attempting her most fearsome feat of # YOLO yet : a 620-mile race across Mongolia . Riding 27 semi-wild native horses . Carrying only 11 pounds of gear . Relying on nomads for food , water and shelter . On a mission to help stop deforestation .
To be held Aug. 9-19 , the Mongol Derby is widely regarded as the toughest horse race in the world . Inspired by the Genghis Khan 's original “ pony express , ” there 's no trail or set route , just 25 GPS checkpoints/horse exchange stations to hit over the course of 7-10 days . Keep it here for weekly updates from Leslie as she prepares to embark upon the ride of a lifetime ! Click here to read all the stories in the series .
The Mongol Derby is modeled after Genghis Khan 's “ pony express ” relay system that was used to carry messages across his land . When you think about how many miles Leslie rode on Day 6 — she traveled the distance of four Urtuus , which are spaced roughly 40 kilometers apart , for a total of 160 kilometers or about 99 miles — it 's easy to see how such an express system could be effective .
It 's also a reminder that the Mongols were , and still are , tougher than nails . With more injuries forcing retirement as well as some questionable horsemanship choices , Day 6 proved to be influential .
Day Six Recap
Our Leslie and a pack of fellow riders roared out of Urtuu 14 right on the dot at 7 a.m. local time ( 7 p.m. EST last night ) to start Day 6 . We 're happy to report that Leslie 's great attitude and resilient sense of adventure despite losing her kit on Day 3 still appear to be riding high ; she 's been described as “ in great spirits . ”
We 're even happier to report ( and so , so grateful to her fellow riders ) that Leslie 's been able to assemble a sort of mini-kit ( as her original kit has still not been located ) , consisting of a sock filled with donated odds and ends from other competitors . Since everyone in the race was bound by the 11-pound gear limit , we know that there is very little extra to go around — many thanks to these generous riders !
Leslie is safely checked in at Urtuu 18 for the night , with the field spread from Urtuu 25 back to 16 . The frontrunners are expected to complete the Mongol Derby tomorrow on Day 7 .
Among the front runners : Jakkie Mellet continues to lead while earning kudos from the field veterinarians for smart riding and good horsemanship . He has incurred one two-hour penalty , which he served today , but is taking good care of his mounts and increasing his lead .
Ed Fernon incurred a stern , official warning and then penalty time for inconsiderate riding . The Mongol Derby takes equine welfare extremely seriously , with every horse undergoing an examination after every 40-kilometer leg . Riders are expected to present their horse to the veterinarian immediately , and every horse has 30 minutes to recover its resting heart rate . This allows the vets to determine if a horse is in metabolic distress and needs additional attention .
Unfortunately , on Day 6 Ed adopted the technique of gallopping his mount all the way to the next Urtuu only to “ loiter ” outside the station for about half an hour to bring his horse 's heart rate down without veterinary supervision . Ed first received a warning and then a penalty after he repeated the offense . Marie Palzer , who led alongside Ed in the early days of the race , also served six hours of penalty time today for veterinary offenses .
The six riders in the front running pack — Jakkie Mellet , Barry Armitage , Marie Palzer , Ed Fernon , William Comiskey and Warren Sutton — are expected to finish tomorrow . Vodka and airag ( the famous Mongol drink of fermented mare 's milk ) await them at the finish line .
Elsewhere on the trail , riders were strongly encouraged to take the bridge over the Kherlen River rather than attempt to ford as water levels were high . Fortunately , everyone made it safely across without incident . Storms moved in and out of the area for the “ Adventure pack ” ( the back half of the field ) but again travel appeared to be incident-free .
The family hosting at Urtuu 15 reportedly sent their riders off with packages of dumplings to be eaten on the ride . We love the Derby hospitality !
In other news , we 're trying to find a way to get word to Leslie that we 'd like this one brought home for us :
1509 And Erik has named this one Spot . pic.twitter.com/iOKcMBfPyS — Mongol Derby ( @ mongolderbylive ) August 14 , 2017
… not so much this one though . He can stay in Mongolia .
1604 Oh , you know , just getting your afternoon ride ready . # standard pic.twitter.com/VmpWaRvhvs — Mongol Derby ( @ mongolderbylive ) August 14 , 2017
Injury and Accident Assessment
We 're sad to report that Liv Wood ( OW ) has retired after a hard fall on her lower back ; yesterday we reported that she was also battling an ankle injury . According to Liv herself via Facebook , she had clean X-rays on both her foot and her back , and she should be cleared to ride after 24 hours . She fully intends to return to the trail after a day 's rest , and she may be the first person in Mongol Derby history to medically retire and then return . All our best to Liv !
Gigi Kay , age 59 from the UK , also retired on Day 6 after cracking two ribs . A late entrant to the Derby , Gigi is an equine veterinarian currently working in Morocco . We 're sending our wishes for a speedy recovery !
One minor injury to report as well :
1906 ChloMedia survived riding thru lightning storm and mtn pass to film…only to be smashed in face by playful toddler once safely in town — Mongol Derby ( @ mongolderbylive ) August 14 , 2017
We 'll continue to bring you daily updates from the Mongol trail . You can also follow along via Mongol Derby Twitter ( Leslie 's call sign is LW ) for live updates . Track the riders via GPS here . Go Wylie !
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Veteran actor Nagarjuna is one of the most popular names in Telugu cinema . Fondly referred to as 'King ' , the star enjoys a strong fan following because of his good looks and evergreen personality . In fact , many feel that he is still more popular than several young stars .
At present , Nagarjuna is gearing up for the release of Officer which is slated to hit the screens tomorrow ( June 1,2018 ) . The film is a cop-drama and features him in the role of a ruthless cop . Directed by film-maker Ram Gopal Varma , it also features newcomer Myra Sareen and noted actor Sayyaji Shinde in key roles . RGV is going through a bad phase on the work front and Officer is a crucial release for him .
In 1989 , RGV and Nagarjuna had teamed up for Siva which was a trend-setter and is regarded as a classic . As such , fans are bound to have high expectations from Officer . It will be worth watching whether the film lives up to these high expectations .
With Officer set to hit the screens , here is a look at the box office performances of Nagarjuna 's last five films .
Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Released last October , Raju Gari Gadhi 2 fared reasonably well at the ticket window . Shot on a budget of Rs 20 Crore , it collected around Rs 35 Crore at the box office and gave Nagarjuna 's fans a reason to rejoice . A horror-comedy it was directed by Ohmkar and also had Samantha Akkineni in the lead . Om Namo Venkatesaya Directed by maverick film-maker K Raghavendra Rao , Om Namo Venkatesaya was shot against a budget of Rs 40 Crore and collected merely Rs 11 Crore at the box office . As such , it proved to be a commercial disaster . Besides Nagarjuna , Om Namo Venkatesaya also featured Anushka Shetty and Pragya Jaiswal in the lead . Oopiri A remake of the French comedy-drama The Intouchables , Oopiri was shot against a budget of Rs 45 Crore and managed to collect around Rs 177 Crore at the domestic box office . Featuring Nagarjuna in the role of physically-challenged rich guy , it is regarded as one of the finest films of director Vamsi Paidipally 's career . Oopiri also had Karthi and Tamannaah Bhatia in the lead . Soggade Chinni Nayana Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore , the comedy-drama collected close to Rs 75 Crore and proved be a commercial success . Directed by newcomer Kalyan Krishna , Soggade Chinni Nayana featured Nagarjuna in a double role and clicked with family audiences . The film also had Ramya Krishnan and Lavanya Tripathi in the lead . Manam Regarded as one of Telugu cinema 's finest family films , Manam did pretty well at the box office . Shot against a budget of around Rs 30 Crore , this Vikram Kumar directorial collected Rs 48 Crore at the domestic box office and received rave reviews from all corners . Manam was a special film for fans of Telugu cinema as it saw Nagarjuna share screen space with dad ANR and son Naga Chaitanya .
President Vladimir Putin flew to Russia 's airbase in Syria and declared “ victory ” in its two-year military campaign in support of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad , as he issued an order to begin withdrawing forces from the war-torn country .
Putin 's unannounced stop , where he was greeted by Assad , began a whirlwind day of Middle East diplomacy on Monday that includes talks with Egyptian and Turkish leaders as he asserts Russia 's strengthened diplomatic position in the region , amid tensions between the U.S. and many of its traditional allies .
“ Our armed forces and military-industrial enterprises have demonstrated the growing might of Russia 's army and navy , ” Putin told troops at the Khmeimim airbase , according to a Kremlin statement . Russia 's actions helped “ the people of Syria to preserve their statehood , ” he said .
Putin 's triumphant appearance in Syria underlines his success in sidelining the U.S. since he ordered Russian forces to intervene in the conflict in September 2015 . The U.S. under President Barack Obama pushed for Assad 's removal , while Putin 's willingness to back the Syrian leader with force against rebel groups helped reverse the course of a civil war that 's killed 400,000 people since it erupted in 2011 . Amid anger among Arab leaders at U.S. President Donald Trump 's decision last week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , Putin is pressing his advantage to restore Russia 's Soviet-era leadership in the Middle East .
‘ Military Presence '
“ Putin 's announcement of Russia 's partial withdrawal from Syria marks the victorious end of the military campaign , but not of the Russian military presence and political involvement in the region , ” Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , said on Twitter .
The Russian leader is working with Turkey and Iran to enforce cease-fire zones in Syria as he seeks to revive long-stalled efforts to reach a peace settlement . Putin has reached out to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states to persuade opposition groups to join planned Russian-hosted peace talks with Assad . While Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reaffirmed in October that “ we do not believe there is a future for the Assad regime and the Assad family , ” the U.S. is no longer demanding that he step down as a precondition for talks .
Putin said Russia will keep enough forces in Syria to maintain its airbase and a naval port at Tartus . “ If the terrorists rear their head again , we 'll strike them in a way they 've never seen before , ” he said , in comments broadcast on Russian state television .
Tight Secrecy
It 's not the first time he 's announced Russia 's withdrawal from Syria . Putin ordered a pullback of forces in March 2016 , saying the military campaign had created “ conditions for the start ” of peace talks , only to resume large-scale operations in support of Syrian troops during the siege of Aleppo .
The visit under tight secrecy to Syria follows Putin 's announcement last week that he 'll seek a fourth term in presidential elections in March , potentially extending his 18-year rule to 2024 .
“ This is a piece of theater for Putin , ” said Alexander Shumilin , head of the Center for the Analysis of Middle East Conflicts at the Institute for U.S. and Canadian Studies in Moscow . “ It was important for him to make this statement as he heads into the election campaign . ”
Putin 's pledge to pull out the troops , which wo n't be welcomed by Assad or the Syrian leader 's other main ally , Iran , is “ a recognition that military victory , which was pretty easy to achieve , wo n't lead by itself to a political solution , ” Shumilin said . Russia is n't even close to securing a peace deal amid continued disagreement with the West and its Arab allies over Assad 's future , he said .
Joey Chestnut , the number one ranked competitive eater in the world , is the overwhelming favorite to win the Nathan 's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest on Fourth of July . If he prevails , Chestnut will nab his 11th title in 12 years at the most recognizable and popular eating contest in the world .
Chestnut , 34 , is the most famous and successful competitive eater of all-time . He rose to prominence in 2007 after dethroning six-time defending champion Takeru “ Tsunami ” Kobayashi . Since then , he has only lost the annual event once , in 2015 to Matt Stonie , the current number three ranked competitive eater in the world .
Chestnut 's dominance is no accident . He treats competitive eating just like an NBA player treats basketball — it 's his job and he obviously wants to be the best at it .
Here 's what you need to know about Joey Chestnut :
1 . Chestnut Sticks to a Strict & Daunting Training Program Leading Up to the Annual Event
Just like any serious athlete , Chestnut follows a strict regimen when preparing for competitions throughout the year . While you ca n't exactly say he treats his body like a temple — he scarfed down 72 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes in the 2017 Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest after all — he has a diet and exercise routine that allows him to compete at a high level .
Chestnut told the New York Daily News in 2015 that as the contest approaches , he consumes almost nothing but hot dogs . “ When I 'm in training , I eat no solid food except hot dogs for six weeks , ” he said .
Other than hot dogs , Chestnut only puts lemon water and protein supplements into his body in the weeks leading up to the contest . He said he also goes swimming and walks his dog every day . In recent years , Chestnut has taken to running . He told AdAge ahead of this year 's competition that he tries to run three miles a day three times a week to help control his breathing , which is beneficial as he must focus on breathing through his nose while eating piles of hot dogs .
However , considering he is mostly training his stomach , the real training revolves around both binging and fasting and other exercises such as drinking a gallon of water in twelve gulps right when he wakes up each morning .
In an interview with GQ , Chestnut said he binges once every five days . The other days are reserved for fasting , in which he consumes nothing but water and protein supplements . Binge days , however , can mean up to 70 hot dogs , though Chestnut said he does n't have a set number of hot dogs he sets out to eat on each practice day . During the training process , Chestnut actually loses weight . In 2016 , he lost roughly 20 pounds leading up to the competition . He did say that the simulated contests and the contest itself can quickly add more than 20 pounds right back , but he sheds that weight in the days following binge .
Chestnut likens competitive eating to marathon running , in that neither of the activities are particularly healthy in isolation , but those who do them have to be healthy .
2 . Chestnut Holds the All-Time Record in the Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest With 72 Hot Dogs & Buns Devoured in 10 Minutes
Last year , Chestnut ate 72 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes , a new record for the contest , besting his previous contest best 70 hot dogs in 2016 .
72 hot dogs , however , is n't Chestnut 's personal best . In a qualifying round for the 2016 contest , Chestnut ate 73.5 hot dogs , a mark that still stands today as the world record .
Perhaps what 's most impressive about Chestnut 's string of hot dog eating titles is how even his “ bad ” performances routinely destroy the competition . At the 2010 event , Chestnut ate 54 hot dogs , the lowest total in a win for in his career , but still won by nine hot dogs . It makes it all the more impressive when you consider the fact Kobayashi , the Japanese competitive eater who rose to popularity in the early 2000s , did n't reach the 54 hot dog mark in any of his six wins . Further cementing Chestnut 's greatness is the fact that all of his wins except for his first have been in the revised 10-minute format , whereas Kobayashi 's reign occurred during the 12-minute format .
3 . Chestnut is Known for Hot Dogs But He Holds 43 World Records Across Many Different Foods
Chestnut 's prowess is not limited to the Nathan 's Famous Hot Dogs that he is special orders by the thousand to practice with throughout the year . Somehow Chestnut also finds time to fill his stomach with a daunting variety , and excess amount , of other foods .
In 2018 alone , he has set four world records . In May , Chestnut ate 81 four ounce Mutton Sandwiches at the Owensboro International Bar-B-Q Festival in 10 minutes . Two weeks later , Chestnut set another world record at San Pedro Fish Market Shrimp by eating seven pounds of shrimp in eight minutes .
Less than a week later , he ate 257 Hostess Donettes in six minutes . Two days after filling his stomach with sugary sweets , he added even more by eating 25.5 Baked Bear Ice-Cream Sandwiches in 10 minutes .
Keep in mind that these four feats were accomplished as he was gearing up for this year 's hot dog eating contest .
While most of his world records involve eating copious amounts of foods that many would consider to be tasty , he also holds records for foods that some would find to be not-so-savory . In 2014 , he ate 12 pounds and 8.75 ounces of deep fried asparagus spears in ten minutes . Chestnut actually made his way onto the competitive eating scene with asparagus in 2005 , when he ate 6.3 pounds in 11.5 minutes , notching his first victory .
Sure , some people love asparagus , but how about pork-brain tacos ? Yes , in 2013 at Minneapolis ' 9th annual Zombie Pub Crawl , Chestnut ate 54 pork-brain tacos in eight minutes , beating out Matt Stonie by half a brain . If you have the stomach for it , you can watch him accomplish the feat here . His reward for eating the most brains ? Just $ 1,000 .
He has also won the Hooters Worldwide Wing Eating title four times — 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , and 2016 — arguably the second most acclaimed eating competition behind the Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest . He told For The Win in 2013 that he sometimes eats chicken wing bones to move through the pile faster .
A full list of Chestnut 's career accomplishments can be found on Major League Eating , the governing body of competitive eating that refers to him as the “ greatest eater in history . ”
Chestnut has an estimated net worth of $ 800,000 . He does n't make a traditional salary as a competitive eater , so his earnings come from competition prize money , public appearances , and sponsorships . In terms of prize money , most events top out at several thousand dollars , but the Nathan 's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest awards $ 40,000 to the winner .
4 . Chestnut Went to School for Engineering & Worked in Construction Before Turning to Eating Full-Time
While studying at San Jose State University , Chestnut dipped his toes into competitive eating . In Nevada for his 21st birthday , his brother told him he should compete in a lobster eating contest for the prize of a free hotel room . At the time , he had never eaten lobster . From there , Chestnut started competing regularly .
Before turning to eating full-time seven years ago , Chestnut worked in construction management , a job he said he will return to once he starts a family . Although Chestnut became engaged to Neslie Ricasa , his longtime girlfriend in 2014 , the couple split up in 2015 before the wedding .
5 . Chestnut has His Own Line of Condiments & Competed on ‘ The Amazing Race ' Earlier This Year
In anticipation for this year 's Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest , Chestnut launched his own line of condiments . Two different mustards — Spicy Brown Firecracker and Deli Style Picnic — and a coney sauce are available to purchase from his website for $ 5 a bottle . Through July 6 , all proceeds will go to Hidden Heroes , a campaign started by the Elizabeth Dole Foundation to assist wounded warriors . Hidden Heroes is chaired by actor Tom Hanks . Chestnut and food scientists at Silver Spring Foods in Wisconsin created the condiments .
Chestnut also found time to compete on The Amazing Race earlier this year with fellow competitive eater Tim Janus . When the duo was eliminated from the show , Chestnut said , “ I guess we are n't wieners today . ”
As part of its Leadership Exchange Event series , ICAN will be holding a 7 x 7 x 7 event tomorrow night in Lincoln .
Allison Schorr , Senior Manager of Marketing and Communications for ICAN , says the Leadership Exchange series is designed to bring people together around leadership development , community action and connection . She says the 7 x 7 x 7 event is one of their most popular formats , during which seven speakers with a variety of backgrounds and passions speak for just seven minutes each , on seven different topics .
“ We have representation from the corporate sector with some C-Suite executives , we have a health care leader across the state , we have a pastry chef and entrepreneur that owns a bakery , a public education advocate/non-profit leader , an attorney , an individual involved in the University system , and then our ICAN CEO to talk about authentic leadership , so we have quite the line-up of seven different topics attendees can learn about . ”
Schorr says after the speakers there will be “ circle conversations ” allowing attendees to have a guided conversation about what they 've learned and to do some networking .
This event takes place Thursday , February 16th , from 4 to 7 p.m. in the Jasmine Room in the Grand Manse Building in Lincoln . For more information or to register , the website is ICANglobal.net
The opioid epidemic and 'do no harm '
hello
Historically opioid medications were used cautiously by physicians for selected patients to reduce pain associated with acute injury or illness , and for those suffering from life-threatening diseases such as cancer .
This caution was based upon recognition that improper use of opioids could result in patient harm . However , in 1996 , the American Pain Society , supported by opioid pharmaceutical manufacturers , promoted acknowledgment and expanded treatment of pain as the 'fifth vital sign '' by physicians in hospitals . In 2001 , the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations introduced new pain standards recognizing the under-assessment and treatment of pain , which then expanded the use of opioids . In the two decades that followed opioid use and abuse has exploded , with nearly 80 percent of the world 's opioid medications now being consumed in the U.S .
Between 2012 and 2017 , opioid pharma manufacturers gave millions of dollars to nonprofit patient advocacy groups supporting increased patient access to opioid medications . During this same period pharma spent millions of dollars on marketing to doctors , encouraging -- expanded pain treatment and opioid use for patients . This occurred despite a growing recognition that by 2015 opioid misuse and abuse was rampant .
Today , an estimated $ 78.4 billion dollars is being spent annually for medical treatment , lost productivity and the added health insurance and criminal justice costs of opioid abuse and dependency . Every day in the U.S. between 50 and 100 Americans die from opioid overdoses . Recent celebrity deaths illustrate the increased misuse of new powerful synthetic opioid medications , such as Fentanyl ( 100 times more potent than morphine ) . Deaths from these new opioids designed to be used only in monitored health care settings are more than doubling every year .
This uniquely American epidemic must be ended . Required will be new public policies , expanded regulation and a return to the historical values of physicians to above all `` do no harm . ''
All opioid prescriptions need be carefully managed by physicians and their staffs including : dosing for days not weeks , use minimum effective dosages , use of least harmful and powerful medications , use for a minimum treatment duration and prescribing the minimum total pill amount based upon expected pain to reduce unused medication risks . Use of the more powerful or extended-release opioids should primarily be limited to specific painful conditions for which opioid therapy has been demonstrated to be safe and effective or life ending conditions that are fatal , such as cancer .
Also by all health care providers prescribing opioids is expanded use of state supported controlled substance databases to increase monitoring of opioid use and abuse among their patients . Databases alone , however , can not solve this epidemic .
Needed also will be increased oversight of the opioid pharma industry to more carefully regulate opioid marketing , distribution and consumption . A recent announcement by Purdue Pharma -- maker of OxyContin -- indicated that it has reduced its physician marketing sales staff by more than 50 percent . This may indicate increasing pressures on the Pharma industry from a deluge of lawsuits claiming harm to thousands of patients from misleading marketing information and inadequate addictive risk disclosure .
Strong leadership will be needed among physicians and within the medical community to change public opinions regarding treatments for pain and reduce opioid consumption to end this horrible deadly epidemic .
• Dr. William J. Robb III is a orthopedic director , chief medical officer at Illinois Bone & Joint Institute .
The Australian actor played Jeb in the smash hit BBC spy thriller in 2016
Ever since smash-hit BBC/AMC drama The Night Manager finished in 2016 , fans have had one question on their minds – will there be a follow-up series following the further adventures of Tom Hiddleston 's Jonathan Pine ?
Advertisement
And while the first series was based on a book by legendary spy author John Le Carre which has no sequels , most of the parties involved have expressed interest in carrying on the story . Director Susanna Bier suggested the project was ongoing soon after the series concluded , and last November it was revealed that scripts were being developed in early stages by Matthew Orton .
Now , though , we have a more concrete look at the likelihood of the sequel thanks to series one-star Elizabeth Debicki , who played the unhappy partner to Laurie 's weapons dealer in the first series before aiding Pine in his undercover investigation .
“ Is there another one ? I 'm sworn to secrecy… ” Debicki teased when RadioTimes.com asked her about the series last week , much to the excitement of her Peter Rabbit co-star ( and Star Wars lead ) Daisy Ridley ( the pair voice Mopsy and Cottontail in the new Beatrix Potter adaptation ) .
“ Is there another one ? ? ? ” Ridley asked .
“ I can't…you ca n't win that game can you ? ” Debicki replied . “ You 're damned if you do and damned if you do n't . ”
“ Is n't it a John le Carré novel ? ” Ridley said .
“ It was based on the one so I'm…yeah , ” Debicki continued .
“ Ohhhh , they 've gone off [ book ] , ” Ridley replied .
“ Did you do that Marvel thing where you ask me a question and then if I answer if it 's affirming something ? ” laughed Debicki . “ I feel like that 's something that always happens with Marvel [ films ] .
“ I think [ a sequel ] might be in the works , yeah , ” she concluded diplomatically .
“ I did n't know that was coming , ” Ridley beamed . “ I 'm excited . ”
Of course , before a return to the world of high-class spying Debicki and Ridley can enjoy some more homegrown adventures , with the pair getting to grips with their furry characters in the new Peter Rabbit live-action film .
“ Mopsy 's the eldest of the triplets. ” Debicki said of her character in the movie , which also stars James Corden , Rose Byrne and Domhnall Gleeson .
“ They 're six seconds apart , but it 's very important to her . She stakes a lot of her identity on that . And she 's sassy and she 's bossy , but I think she 's very sweet , and well-intentioned and mothering . ”
“ Cottontail is a little bit all over the place , and I think it 's sweet too – she 's kinda trying to be her own person while idolising [ James Corden 's ] Peter , ” Ridley added .
“ She wants to cause as much havoc as him , and be as adventurous as him , but I think they all just really love each other . And that 's beautiful .
“ [ Director and co-writer Will Gluck ] literally wrote the parts specifically . Not for us , but I think when he knew people wanted to be involved , he tailored the parts to us . So I think they felt very much like us . ”
“ The film 's got a bit of everything – kids love it , and I know that adults love it too , ” Debicki concluded .
“ It 's a really beautiful film , actually , and the animation is extraordinary . Just the visuals are extraordinary . ”
“ I think at the heart of if it 's a really beautiful story about love , and family , ” Ridley agreed .
“ It 's a continuation of something people really know , but sort of relevant for now . It 's fun , and silly , and is very funny and very moving . ”
Peter Rabbit is in UK cinemas now
Advertisement
This article was originally published in March 2018
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Rifle-wielding gunman wounds lawmaker , then killed by police
hello
President Donald Trump speaks in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , about the shooting in Alexandria , Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. , and others , where shot during a Congressional baseball practice .
Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , with Rep. Pat Meehan , R-Pa. , left , arrives on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , for a security briefing after a gunman opened fire at a congressional baseball practice wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. , and others , in Alexandria , Va .
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann , R-Tenn. , still wearing his baseball shirt , describes for reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , the scene at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. , earlier where a gunman opened fire wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , R-La . during a Congressional baseball practice .
Law enforcement officers investigate the scene of a shooting near a baseball field in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice .
President Donald Trump arrives in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to talk about the shooting in Alexandria , Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. , and others , where shot during a Congressional baseball practice .
This photo from Facebook shows James T. Hodgkinson . A government official says Hodgkinson is the suspect in the Virginia shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise and several others . ( Facebook via AP )
FILE - In this March 8 , 2017 file photo , House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington . Scalise was shot Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. , congressional officials say .
In this undated file photo , James Hodgkinson holds a sign during a protest outside of a United States Post Office in Belleville , Ill. Hodgkinson has been identified as the suspect in the Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , Washington D.C. shooting . ( Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat via AP )
A Capitol Hill Police officer walks past an automobile with the driver 's window damaged at the scene of a shooting in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice .
Police and emergency personnel are seen near the scene where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot during a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Cliff Owen )
Alexandria , Va. Police Chief Michael Brown speaks about the shooting in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon )
Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Ala. meets with reporters in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington . ( AP Photo/Cliff Owen )
FBI Evidence Response Team members mark evidence at the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , involving House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. , and others during a congressional baseball practice .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) -- A man with a rifle opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday , wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as congressmen and aides dove for cover . The assailant , prepared with `` a lot of ammo , '' fought a gun battle with police before he , too , was shot and later died .
Colleagues said Scalise dragged himself away from the infield leaving a trail of blood as they rushed to his assistance . He was taken to a hospital where he underwent surgery and was listed in critical condition . His office said that before surgery for a wound in his hip he was in good spirits and spoke with his wife by telephone .
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called `` Terminate the Republican Party . ''
Shortly after the shooting , Bernie Sanders , the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year . Sanders said he denounced the violence `` in the strongest possible terms . ''
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise 's security detail wounded the shooter , who was taken into custody . He later died of his injuries , President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House .
`` Everyone on that field is a public servant , '' Trump said . `` Their sacrifice makes democracy possible . ''
Scalise , 51 , the No . 3 House Republican leader , was first elected to the House in 2008 . The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for his love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when he secured the No . 3 job of House whip several years ago .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams , who coaches the GOP team , said that one of his aides , Zack Barth , was shot , but `` is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery . '' Two Capitol Police officers were also injured but were expected to recover , along with a former congressional aide who was hospitalized .
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said he had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting . The man calmly asked which party 's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told him they were the Republicans . The man thanked him .
The gunman had a rifle and `` a lot of ammo , '' said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who was at the practice .
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned . The House canceled proceedings for the day . Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California both spoke on the floor issuing calls for unity . `` An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , '' Ryan said .
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m . They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats . The popular annual face-off , which raises money for charity , is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington , and will go forward as planned .
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted .
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when he was shot , according to lawmakers present , then dragged himself into the outfield to get away from the gunman .
Rep. Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican , said his colleague `` crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . ''
`` We started giving him the liquids , I put pressure on his wound in his hip , '' Brooks said .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , still in his baseball uniform , told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire , shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly , R-Miss. , who plays third base .
`` He shot at Steve Scalise , our second baseman . He hit Steve Scalise , '' Barton said , `` Scalise 's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire , and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire . They shot the shooter . The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter . ''
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes , and there were dozens or more of shots fired .
`` It was scary , '' Barton said .
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout . Barton said his son , Jack , got under an SUV .
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway , who was at the game , described what sounded like an explosion , then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him .
`` The guy 's down to a handgun , he dropped his rifle , they shoot him , I go over there , they put him in handcuffs , '' Conaway said , adding that if the shooter had `` gotten inside the fence , where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout , it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel . ''
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was `` too early to say '' whether it was an act of terrorism , or whether Scalise was targeted .
Speaker Ryan identified the wounded Capitol Police officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner . Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika , who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office . Mika 's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery .
After the gunfire stopped , Sen. Flake , of Arizona , said he ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise 's aide . After medical personnel arrived , he said he retrieved Scalise 's phone and made the first call to Scalise 's wife to notify her of the shooting . He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media .
Falisa Peoples was just leaving the YMCA next to the ball field when she saw the shooter open fire .
`` He was just very calm . He was just walking and shooting , '' she said of the man , whom she described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts . She said he was using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers , one of whom yelled for her to get down .
Lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event , which raised questions about the security of members of Congress . While the top lawmakers , including Scalise , have security details , others do not and regularly appear in public without protection . The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011 .
Following the Giffords shooting , lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events .
-- -- --
Associated Press reporters Ed White in Detroit and Eric Tucker , Mary Clare Jalonick , Ken Thomas , Vivian Salama , Stephen Ohlemacher , Alan Fram , Andrew Taylor , Sarah Brumfield and Michael Biesecker in Washington contributed to this report .
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — On Monday , Aug. 21 , Hoosiers can experience the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to cross a coast-to-coast swath of the United States .
The swath does not include Indiana , but Hoosier viewers will be on the fringe . Several events have been planned in the WISH-TV viewing area to watch the eclipse , and state transportation officials are warning of heavy traffic to follow the darkening of the sky .
A total solar eclipse happens when the moon passes between the earth and the sun , completely blotting out the sunlight . Indianapolis will experience the height of the eclipse at 2:24 p.m .
Butler University 's Holcomb Observatory — as well as other observatories in the state — will be closed Monday so students , staff and faculty can travel to see the total eclipse . However , the Butler observatory will host the presentation “ All American Eclipse ” at 7 and 8 p.m. Thursday , 7 and 8 p.m. Friday and 4 , 7 and 8 p.m. Saturday . The observatory also was expecting a shipment of NASA-approved eclipse glasses , which were to be sold for $ 2 ( cash and checks only ) .
Indiana Department of Transportation expects increased traffic is expected on Interstate 69 , U.S. 41 , U.S. 231 and Interstate 65 throughout the day . “ After the event , transportation planners anticipate a ‘ mass exodus ' from total eclipse regions , ” INDOT said in a statement . “ Expect heavier than normal northbound traffic on these routes . ”
Monday events
Here are eclipse events set for Monday in the WISH-TV viewing area :
INDIANAPOLIS
IndyParks naturalists will host a viewing event from 1 to 3 p.m. at the the Earth Discovery Center at Eagle Creek Park , 5901 Delong Road . Click here for admission fees to the park .
Ruckus Makerspace , 1125 E. Brookside Ave. , will host a watch party beginning at 1 p.m . It 's at Circle City Industrial Complex , at 10th Street and Massachusetts Avenue .
The Children 's Museum of Indianapolis viewing event is sold out . Designed for homeschool students , the program will include making eclipse viewers .
BLOOMINGTON
Indiana University and the city will host CelestFest from 12:30 to 4 p.m. at the Conrad Prebys Amphitheater . The event will include activities , demonstrations and safety information .
Monroe Lake at Paynetown State Recreation Area , 4850 S. State Road 466 , will host “ Solar Eclipse Viewing ! ” from noon to 2:30 p.m. by the swimming beach on Lake Monroe . Participants can prepare a pinhole projector , make a ultraviolet-bead bracelet and create art using UV-sensitive paper . Click here for entry fees .
CARMEL
Carmel Clay Public Library , 55 Fourth Ave. S. , will host a viewing party with food , music , face painting , games and crafts . People can view the eclipse with H-Alpha telescopes provided by the Link Observatory Space Science Institute and Carmel High School Tech Hounds will demonstrate their robotics skills . The event will be on the library 's north lawn .
FISHERS
Nickel Plate District Amphitheater and Hamilton East Public Library , both near City Hall , will host a viewing event with free eclipse glasses and chocolate “ moonpie ” from noon to 5 p.m .
FLORA
The Flora Public Library , 109 N. Center St. , will host a viewing celebration from 1 to 3:30 p.m. with eclipse glasses and ice cream for sale .
GREENWOOD
Johnson County Public Library-White River Branch , 1664 Library Blvd. , is inviting people to bring chairs , blankets , hats and eclipse glasses to watch the sky from 1 to 3:50 p.m .
MARSHALL
Turkey Run State Park , 8121 E. Park Road , will open its grassy area near the pool for people to bring chairs , blankets and their eclipse glasses from 2 to 3 p.m. Information will explain the cause of the eclipse . Click here for park entry fees .
MITCHELL
Spring Mill State Park , 3333 State Road 60 E. , will offer a program from 1 to 3 p.m. with eclipse glasses to borrow . Click here for park entry fees .
MUNCIE
The Maring-Hunt Library , 2005 S. High St. , and Kennedy Library , 1700 W. McGalliard Road , will each have eclipse glasses on hand for guests at viewing parties from 12:30 to 4 p.m .
Ball State University also will have an eclipse-viewing event with eclipse glasses on hand from 2 to 3 p.m. on University Green .
NEW CASTLE
New Castle-Henry County Public Library , 376 S. 15th St. , will host a viewing party beginning at 1 p.m . Participants will receive NASA-approved eclipse glasses and snow cones outside the north entrance .
WEST LAFAYETTE
Naturalists at Prophetstown State Park , 5545 Swisher Road , will host a viewing event from 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. , with eclipse glasses and spotting scope projection for safe viewing . There also will be a discussion of the connection between Tenskwatawa the Shawnee Prophet and the solar eclipse . The event will be at the Prairie View Picnic Area 's Blazingstar Shelter . Click here for park entry fees .
Purdue Astronomy Club will host a viewing event with free eclipse glasses while supplies last and solar-filtered telescopes on the south end of the Purdue Memorial Mall from noon to 4 p.m .
Welsh wizard Gareth Bale has agreed to leave European champions Real Madrid in the summer , according to today 's football transfer grapevine .
The rumour mill also suggests that manager Arsene Wenger has finally accepted that Olivier Giroud has a future at Arsenal and is prepared to start him in more matches , but he could soon be losing Hector Bellerin to Juventus .
Kildare Ladies finally got their 2018 football campaign up and running with a four point win over Offaly in the Lidl Ladies National Football League Division 3 , Round 2 , having been awarded a walk over from Leitrim last week .
Played at Edenderry Kildare always looked the stronger outfit , however the concession of three goals kept The Faithful Ladies in touch right up to the end .
Kildare captain , Roisín Byrne led by example on the day , firing ove rno less than eight points while goals from Grace Clifford and Molly Price ensured the win .
The sides were level at the break but Kildare upped their game in the second half and while Offaly got a late goal it was not enough as Kildare held out to win 2-11 to 3-2
Scorers : Kildare : Roisin Byrne 0-8 ( 7f ) ; Grace Clifford 1-1 ; Molly Price 1-0 ; Ellen Dowling 0-2 ( 2f ) .
Offaly : Aoife Norris 1-1 ( 1f ) ; Maebh Coleman 1-0 ; Ellee McEvoy 1-0 ; Amy Kerrigan 0-1 .
Kildare : Rebecca McGuirk ; Rachel Cribbin , Amy Horan , Rachel Corrigan ; Louise Scully , Caoimhe Keoghehan , Triona Duggan ; Siobhan O'Sullivan , Aisling Curley ; Niamh Sinnott , Roisin Byrne , Grace Clifford ; Emer Fogarty , Ellen Dowling , Molly Price .
Offaly : Lauren Dunne ; Annie Keogh , Sarah Cummins , Sinead Byrne ; Sarah Bracken , Emer Nally , Grainne Dolan ; Aoife Norris , Amy Gavin-Mangan ; Mairead Daly , Amy Kerrigan , Lisa Gorman ; Maebh Coleman , Elle McEvoy , Marie Byrne .
Janelle Monae and her Dirty Computer Tour are headed our way .
The Grammy-nominated singer supports her latest album on June 16 at the Masonic IN San Francisco .
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. May 2 , www.LiveNation.com
Monae 's third studio album , “ Dirty Computer , ” hits stores April 27 .
Tickets purchased for all U.S. tour dates will include a digital copy of the new album .
Here are the tour dates :
Mon Jun 11
Seattle , WA
King County 's Marymoor Park
Tue Jun 12
Vancouver , BC
Queen Elizabeth Theatre
Wed Jun 13
Portland , OR
McMenamins Edgefield Amphitheater
Sat Jun 16
San Francisco , CA
The Masonic
I am excited to announce the # DirtyComputer is going on Tour ! ! ! Presales start this Wednesday at 10am local time . Every online ticket purchased includes a digital copy of my new album , # DirtyComputer . Out everywhere FRIDAY ! pic.twitter.com/We2SzazuKq — Janelle Monáe , Cindi ( @ JanelleMonae ) April 23 , 2018
Wed Jun 20
San Diego , CA
Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Tue Jun 26
Phoenix , AZ
Comerica Theater
Thu Jun 28
Los Angeles , CA
The Greek Theatre
Sat Jun 30
Salt Lake City , UT
The Complex
Related Articles Top shows : Dave Chappelle , John Mayer bring Controlled Danger to SF
Wente Vineyards announces star-studded 2018 concert lineup
Judas Priest , Deep Purple unite for tour and big KFOX show
Simple Minds set to perform first Bay Area show in 16 years .
Gordon Lightfoot explains origins of his some best-known songs Sun Jul 01
Denver , CO
The Paramount Theatre
Tue Jul 03
Minneapolis , MN
State Theatre
Thu Jul 05
Chicago , IL
The Chicago Theatre
Fri July 06
Milwaukee , WI *
Summerfest *
Sat Jul 07
Grand Rapids , MI
20 Monroe Live
Mon Jul 09
Detroit , MI
Fox Theatre Detroit
Tue Jul 10
Cincinnati , OH
Taft Theatre
Wed Jul 11
St. Louis , MO
The Pageant
Fri Jul 13
Nashville , TN+
Ryman Auditorium+
Sat Jul 14
Indianapolis , IN
Murat Theatre at Old National Centre
Mon Jul 16
Toronto , ON
Rebel
Wed Jul 18
New York , NY
Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden
Fri Jul 20
Washington , DC *
The Anthem *
Sat Jul 21
Boston , MA
Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
Mon Jul 23
Raleigh , NC
The Ritz
Tue Jul 24
Charlotte , NC
The Fillmore Charlotte
Thu Jul 26
Tampa , FL
Jannus Live
Fri Jul 27
Miami , FL
The Fillmore Miami at Jackie Gleason Theater
Sat Jul 28
Orlando , FL
House of Blues Orlando
Sat Aug 04
Atlanta , GA
Tabernacle
MISSISSAUGA , ON -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Chartwell Retirement Residences ( `` Chartwell '' ) ( TSX : CSH.UN ) announced today a cash distribution of $ 0.046818 per Trust Unit.The cash distribution will be payable on March 15 , 2017 to unitholders of record on February 28 , 2017 .
Unitholders can participate in Chartwell 's Distribution Reinvestment Plan ( `` DRIP '' ) . Eligible investors registered in the DRIP will have their monthly cash distributions used to purchase Trust Units , and will also receive bonus units equal to 3 % of their monthly cash distributions . DRIP offers unitholders the opportunity to steadily increase their ownership in Chartwell without incurring any commission or brokerage fees . Complete details of the DRIP are available on Chartwell 's website at www.chartwell.com or from a unitholder 's investment advisor .
About Chartwell :
Chartwell is an unincorporated , open-ended trust which indirectly owns and operates a complete range of seniors housing communities from independent supported living through assisted living to long term care . It is the largest owner and operator of seniors residences in Canada . Chartwell 's aim is to capitalize on the strong demographic trends present in its markets to maximize the value of its existing portfolio of retirement residences , and prudently avail itself of opportunities to grow internally and through accretive acquisitions . More information can be obtained at www.chartwell.com .
Sierra Wireless ( NASDAQ : SWIR ) stock had climbed as much as 90 % this year , but a recent downgrade fromRaymond James analyst Steven Li appears to have put the brakes on its rally . Shares of the Internet of Things company dropped 6.7 % on March 27 after Li downgraded the stock to “ market perform ” from “ outperform , ” citing margin pressure due to recent high-volume design wins . The stock has dropped about 10 % since then .
Continue Reading Below
What 's confusing is that the analyst boosted his price target by almost 27 % despite the downgrade . He bumped his price target from $ 23.50 to $ 30 and the stock closed April 13 at $ 25 . The seeming contradiction in Li 's actions suggests he is dialing down his enthusiasm around Sierra Wireless after its impressive run this year . But this could be an opportunity for savvy investors to get into the stock .
Sierra 's expense management is impressive
Sierra Wireless ' latest results show that it 's been managing its expenses impeccably by adopting margin-accretive programs to drive earnings growth . In fact , its gross margin has improved considerably over the past year , thanks to lower cost of goods sold .
SWIR Gross Profit Margin ( TTM ) data by YCharts
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Sierra shaved $ 14.4 million off its cost of goods sold last quarter by renegotiating intellectual-property licensing agreements , along with lowering contract manufacturing costs . Lower failure rates of its products are also adding to the gross margin because of reduced warranty costs .
The good news for investors is that Sierra 's cost-management programs are driving its bottom line , allowing it to beat Wall Street 's earnings expectations by huge margins in each of the past four quarters . What 's more , the company could trump the market 's expectations once again in the current quarter , as the midpoint of its $ 0.13 to $ 0.20 earnings-per-share guidance is well ahead of the $ 0.12 expectation .
Do n't miss the long-term catalysts
It is not yet clear how Sierra Wireless ' contract wins will affect its margins , but it would n't be right to downplay the company 's prospects , since it 's a play on the Internet of Things . The company is trying hard to corner a bigger share of the IoT market in different ways , opening up new revenue sources that should ideally lead to higher earnings in the long run .
Image source : Sierra Wireless .
For instance , Sierra Wireless just spent $ 3.2 million to acquire the global navigation satellite system business of GlobalTop Technology , paving the way for its entry into a potentially $ 5 billion market . In addition , the company is trying to cut its teeth in the connected-car market and has already landed a significant customer in the form of Volkswagen .
The German automaker is set to use Sierra Wireless ' high-speed cellular modems to enable cloud connectivity in its cars and provide services such as remote diagnostics , maintenance , and over-the-air software updates . This contract could be a big one for Sierra , as Volkswagen , the largest automaker in the world in terms of sales , moved 10.3 million units last year , and could start contributing to its revenue in 2018 , once deployment begins .
Meanwhile , drones could be another potentially fertile ground for Sierra as unmanned aerial vehicle company PrecisionHawk is going to use the former 's AirPrime MC Series embedded modules for LTE connectivity . Sierra 's modules will allow PrecisionHawk to enable drone traffic management and safety using mobile data , giving it a leg up over the existing radar and surveillance methods that are ineffective at tracking or locating drones .
This is another big opportunity for Sierra , as Markets and Markets pins the unmanned aerial vehicle market at $ 28 billion by 2022 , clocking annual growth of over 13 % . Therefore , it 's evident that Sierra Wireless is pursuing opportunities in several high-growth markets that could boost its revenue and earnings in the long run , so investors should n't press the panic button after the Raymond James downgrade .
10 stocks we like better than Sierra Wireless
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Sierra Wireless was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of April 3 , 2017
Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Sierra Wireless . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER ( AP ) — Taylor Swift won $ 1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet . The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for his ruined career .
Just before closing arguments , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit , saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her . U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect .
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team , but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller .
From the start , Swift 's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault , even though they never reported it to police . Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller 's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity .
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller 's conduct . He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift , Mueller and Mueller 's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet .
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week , Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift , she insisted she was groped .
`` He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , '' Swift testified .
`` It was a definite grab . A very long grab , '' she added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately , insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony . In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below her waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after she was groped , she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend , `` Thank you for coming , '' and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them .
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter , she said .
`` We absolutely wanted to keep it private , but we did n't want him to get away with it , '' Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . He said he did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that `` appropriate action be taken . ''
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
Album of the week Tune-Yards “ Nikki Nack ” ★★★ “ Let 's not pretend that the world around us is n't falling , ” Merrill Garbus — a k a Tune-Yards — croons on “ Look Around , ” from her third ...
Jose Sandoval
Jose Sandoval , 63 , husband of Nancy Colwell Sandoval , died Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , at McLeod Regional Medical Center .
Born October 21 , 1954 , in Harlingen , TX , he was a son of the late Antonio Sandoval and the late Guadalupe Yabarras Falcon . He was a member of Santee Baptist Church .
He is survived by his wife of Manning ; two sons , Jose Sandoval , Jr. ( Angela ) and Johnny Sandoval ; three daughters , Yvonne Salcido ( Steve ) , Joslyn Sandoval and Magdalena Sandoval , all of Texas ; a stepson , Shaun Featherstone of Indiana ; a stepdaughter , Sheronna Malone ( Pre ) of Colorado ; eight grandchildren ; four brothers , Tony Sandoval of Texas , Frank Sandoval and Alfredo Sandoval , both of Arizona and Reynaldo Sandoval of California ; two sisters , Guadalupe Pratt and Aurora Salas , both of Arizona ; and several nieces and nephews .
A memorial service will be held at 1 p.m. on Friday , March 23 , 2018 , in the chapel of Stephens Funeral Home with the Rev . Bobby McDonald officiating .
Visitation will be one hour prior to the service from 12 noon to 1 p.m. at Stephens Funeral Home .
Stephens Funeral Home & Crematory , 304 N. Church Street , Manning , is in charge of arrangements , ( 803 ) 435-2179. www.stephensfuneralhome.org
___________________________
While many celebrate Memorial Day weekend as the unofficial start of summer , the holiday is a day of remembrance for many whose loved ones gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country .
There are dozens of Gold Star wives in the Las Vegas Valley . These are women who have lost a loved one in combat or as a direct result of service .
Taunya Offdenkamp is the president of the local chapter . She does n't have a lot of pictures of her husband Rick , but she does have a chapter she wrote in a book , filled with stories of military wives and widows .
“ Rick and I are on page 75 , ” she said . “ He died of a massive heart attack in my arms . ”
Rick Offdenkamp severed in the Navy . He developed heart problems and lung cancer as a result of Agent Orange , a powerful chemical used during the Vietnam War . Soon after he retired , Rick and Taunya were set up on a blind date .
“ We got together on a Saturday , ” she said . “ And a year and one day later , we got married ! ”
Together for a decade , she remembers his humor and positivity , even as he battled cancer .
While many of us celebrate Memorial Day as the unofficial start of summer , it can be a somber holiday for those whose loved ones gave the ultimate sacrifice . We sit down with a Gold Star wife tonight @ FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/OzoHe85I4f — Tiana Bohner ( @ FOX5_Tiana ) May 28 , 2018
“ A lot of times , especially after the chemo , the radiation and stuff , he 'd fall asleep , ” she said . “ But he still would hold my hand and I treasure that . ”
Rick died in 2002 . Since then , Memorial Day has become a quiet one for Taunya .
“ I do n't do really well on Memorial Day , ” she said .
Each year , she spends the day inside , watching war movies and thinking of Rick .
“ No , I 'm not very happy , ” she said . “ I still want my husband back . I 'd give my teeth just to have him sitting right here next to me , or us going fishing or us just talking . ”
Taunya said she wants people to enjoy the holiday , but just remember those who sacrificed to make it possible .
“ Just do n't forget about all of us : the surviving spouses , we 're still here , ” she said .
Taunya said the local chapter of Gold Star wives has about 40 members . She said that does not include other loved ones , mothers , fathers , brothers and sisters , who have also lost someone in service .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Lisa Hassett , owner of Lodi 's Frosted Flour Cakery & Supplies , has seven years of experience in the bakery business—turning out intricate , Pinterest-worthy creations . The bakery specializes in wedding cakes , offering artful custom services to construct a unique cake . A complimentary consultation allows you to taste from over 20 different filling and cake flavor options , and brain storm with Lisa . Your inspirational photos and color palates are teamed with display cake options to bring your dream to life !
What are a few top factors to consider ?
Start with size , flavor , and style . Because wedding cakes are usually priced per serving , get your guest list secured and have a head count for your baker . Taste and quality of the cake should be a top concern . It may look good , but not taste so great , and that 's bad news ! Next , consider your colors and theme as you search for inspiration . And always have a few alternate choices in mind .
What can you do for a bride on a budget ?
We work to create alternatives as close to the dream design as possible , without going over budget . There are a few ways this is accomplished , whether it 's a smaller , extravagant main cake with additional sheet cakes , or opting for buttercream instead of fondant .
2017-2018 Trends ?
The vintage look is still going strong ! We have been creating a bunch of cakes with handmade vintage flowers and lace . I 've also seen swirled , geometric patterns , stucco finish , and geode designs picking up for the coming season .
Timeline tips ?
You can secure your delivery date with Frosted Flour—with a small deposit—before choosing a design or meeting for a consultation . This secures your wedding day right off the bat . From there , I suggest brides begin tasting and sampling 6-9 months out .
For More Information :
904 W. Lodi Ave. , Lodi
( 209 ) 369-2253
FrostedFlour.com
Postal Workers ' food drive again a success
Once again , the Essex community came out in full force to help stock the shelves of local food pantries .
The Heavenly Pantry would like to thank all those involved in making this year 's Postal Workers ' Union Food Drive on May 12 a tremendous success .
More food was gathered and delivered to the pantry than ever before and it has taken quite a while to sort , store and begin distribution of goods to families in Essex , Essex Junction and Westford .
The Postal carriers , who went above and beyond duty delivering this food , should be commended for the determination and selflessness it took to be sure all food made it to the food pantry , some who were still bringing food as late at 6:00 p.m. !
Their friendly attitude and selflessness is greatly appreciated . It has been a pleasure being a part of this unique community endeavor .
A big thank you to residents who provided this food , which will serve families well into the summer months , when children are out of school and donations tend to decline .
Please be assured that those who need food assistance will be well taken care of , thanks to a generous community and determined Postal workers ! Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you !
Heavenly Food Pantry
First Congregational Church , Essex Jct .
TWO million worth of house sales in one Limerick estate were secured in just half an hour this Wednesday morning .
Those passing at 7.45am saw the unusual sight of people snoozing in cars and some sitting on the steps of GVM Auctioneers premises . A total of seven spent the night on Glentworth Street .
Word had spread that there was a soft launch of phase four of The Grange in Raheen . Neville Developments are to commence building 40 semi-detached homes in August .
One of those queuing , who did n't wish to be named , said their father arrived at 11pm on Tuesday night .
“ I came here at 5.30am . There is one house I want in particular . We heard about people sleeping out for days for Ros Mor on the Kilmallock Road so we said we would queue to be on the safe side , ” said the first-time buyer .
Tom Crosse , of GVM , said €2 million worth of sales were completed within half an hour of opening . The houses have n't even been advertised or marketed .
“ It is a reflection of the health of the market . People are willing to wait for a good product . It just shows the demand that is out there . Raheen is a hugely popular area . The market is very buoyant and there is a severe shortage of houses in and around the city ” said Mr Crosse .
This is the final phase of the Grange development . The 40 homes are divided into 24 four bedroom semi detached and 16 three bedroom semi detached abodes . A four bed will set you back €340,000 while the three beds are going for €270,000 .
Mr Crosse said building will commence in mid-August and it is hoped the the estate will be competed in quarter two of 2019 .
The GVM group property director said Neville Developments Limited , who originate from Wexford , have made a name for themselves in Limerick .
“ They have been been building in Limerick for the last four years . They are top class builders and have already made a big impression in Limerick with the much hailed Evanwood development at Golf Links Road , Castletroy . The new homes in The Grange will be in keeping with the current style of houses in the development .
GVM continue to take bookings for the over 30 remaining properties .
Pinterest and other brands rely on Fastly to avoid security breaches , meet compliance requirements , and deliver uninterrupted customer experiences
SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Fastly today announced its Web Application Firewall ( WAF ) , one of three newly-launched services on Fastly 's edge cloud platform . The Fastly WAF rounds out an existing security portfolio that includes DDoS Mitigation , Bot Protection , TLS encryption and a fully PCI compliant network , offering comprehensive protection against integrity threats at the edge of the network before they can impact enterprises .
Fastly 's cloud-based WAF consumes third party rulesets from the OWASP Core Ruleset , commercial sources , open source and Fastly-generated rules . Rules can be configured in real time , and customers are protected from key application-layer attacks , such as injection attacks and malicious inputs , cross site scripting , data exfiltration , HTTP protocol violations and other OWASP Top 10 Threats .
Integrated directly into Fastly 's edge cloud platform , the Fastly WAF offers businesses global protection and superior performance , as well as direct control , and support for IPv6 and HTTP/2 . The Fastly WAF operates at the edge and only processes origin traffic , resulting in a measured 1.5 millisecond latency -- traditional offerings send all traffic through their WAF , sacrificing speed . Additionally , Fastly 's WAF gives customers access to 100 percent of security events and notifications from the edge within seconds . Real-time log streaming provides immediate visibility into the impact of attack mitigation efforts .
`` In 2016 , 40 percent of web application threats led to breaches -- a five times increase from the previous year . Companies are feeling even more pressure to protect their customers and brand reputation , as well as prevent any potential revenue loss , '' said Jose Nazario , Director of Security Research at Fastly . `` Fastly 's WAF eliminates the traditional tradeoff between security and high quality performance ; customers benefit from complete control and real-time visibility , without the common latency issues of other WAF options . ''
`` As we build for a growing global user base , Fastly 's WAF product has helped us maintain a fast and secure service that keeps Pinners and our business safe , '' said Grant Gaudet , Software Engineer at Pinterest .
To learn more about the Fastly WAF , please visit : https : //www.fastly.com/web-application-firewall
About Fastly
Fastly helps the world 's most popular digital businesses keep pace with their customer expectations by delivering fast , secure , and scalable online experiences . Businesses trust the Fastly edge cloud platform to accelerate the pace of technical innovation , mitigate evolving threats * , and scale on demand . Founded in 2011 , Fastly powers online destinations including Airbnb , GitHub , Alaska Airlines , Pinterest , Vimeo , The Guardian , The New York Times and Ticketmaster . Learn more at Fastly.com and follow us on Twitter @ fastly .
* Remember , no security product will detect or prevent all possible attacks or threats .
Official : Man had explosive device strapped on before New York City blast
hello
Police respond to a report of an explosion Monday near Times Square in New York . Associated PRess
NEW YORK -- A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform .
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday . Details were still developing .
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries . Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion .
Keidel : Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step ? During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith , Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight , and made some unusually self-effacing assertions . Most notably , that he 's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man , but also larger and stronger . So , says Mayweather , this is the first time his foe as the edge , at least on paper .
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Subscribe to the FT to read : Financial Times Both left and right could make big changes to how the Fed operates in the next recession
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Epworth United Methodist Church and Epworth 's Holy Grounds drive-thru coffee stand invite all classic car owners , classic car lovers , and the community to participate in the first ever Cars & Coffee event set to be held on Saturday , June 30 from 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m .
While Epworth 's Holy Grounds aims to `` build relationships one cup at a time '' they invite the public to come join them on this upcoming Saturday by bringing their car , truck , or motorcycle out for others to see as they enjoy a morning of `` hot cars & cool drinks . ''
More on this story can be found in the June 28 edition of the Times-Record .
Launched in December , ON1 Photo RAW introduces with the new update added support for files from Fujifilm cameras , new raw file support for cameras and multiple other adjustments and bug fixes .
ON1 Photo RAW 2017.0.2 is a major update to the software from ON1 that wants to be your alternative photo editor , offering a complete photo organizer , editor , raw processor , and effects app all-in-one , providing photographers a world-class workflow solution . This latest update includes support for over a dozen new cameras , improved raw processing results , updated support for Fujifilm camera files , better highlight recovery , and other performance tuning and bug fixes .
Much asked support from users of Fujifilm cameras seems to be on the way . ON1 added support for compressed lossless Fujifilm RAW photos and also improved processing quality for Fujifilm XTrans sensors . The patch also improves highlight recovery , besides introducing more performance updates and bug fixes .
As promised by ON1 , the number of cameras being supported is growing as new models appear in the market , and this update introduces raw file support for cameras including Olympus SH-2 , E-M5 MKII , E-M1 MKII , Pentax K5 II , Nikon D5600 , Panasonic DMC FZ2000 , Panasonic DMC G2 , Panasonic DMC G5 , Panasonic DMC TZ80 , Leica M10 , Leica TL , Canon EOS 500D and Panasonic DMC LX15 .
Over 20 improvements to performance in Browse which is an area ON1 will continue improving are also present in this release , which is part of the new development process adopted for ON1 Photo RAW in 2017 . According to ON1 , “ this will allow for continuous updates and new features approximately every 4-6 weeks ” .
Several free updates to ON1 Photo are scheduled for the first half of 2017 . These include : automatic lens correction , workspaces , compare mode , photo settings , versions , groups ( stacks ) , camera profiles ( film looks ) , updates for new cameras , and much more . According to ON1 , “ feedback from the ON1 community has been critical in helping prioritize product features . The Photo RAW Project is the best way for users to submit their ideas and feature requests for Photo RAW . Each submission is reviewed by ON1 and then voted on by the community . The more votes an idea gets , the higher likelihood it will get added into the app . ”
ON1 Photo 2017 is available for $ 119.99 . Previous owners of ON1 can upgrade for just $ 99.99 . The app also includes activation via user accounts for up to five computers , something that should be taken into account when you decide which software to buy . You can also use ON1 Photo RAW 2017 free for 30-days by downloading the trial from the ON1 website . The trial is fully functional without any limitations or watermarking .
Was This Post Helpful :
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Anthony Condron was fatally injured at the Maya Bar in Liverpool city centre
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was attacked in a bar in Liverpool city centre .
Anthony Condron , 29 , from Huyton , was assaulted in the Maya Bar in Wood Street at about 01:00 GMT on Saturday .
He was taken to hospital but pronounced dead at 02:24 .
The arrested men - a 22-year-old from Liverpool , a 24-year-old from Aigburth and a 23-year-old from Mossley Hill - are being questioned by detectives .
Det Ch Insp Mark Tivendale said the victim had been on a night out with his girlfriend and friends .
`` The incident happened in a busy bar in the centre of Liverpool and would have been witnessed by many people , '' he said .
Investigators are particularly interested in speaking to a group of girls who are thought to have been in the bar and witnessed the fight .
BERKELEY ( Project Syndicate ) — On Jan. 20 , 2017 , President-elect Donald Trump will take office having received almost three million fewer votes than his opponent ; and he will work with a Republican Senate majority whose members won 13 million fewer votes than their Democratic opponents . Only the Republican majority in the House of Representatives , led by Speaker Paul Ryan , has any claim to represent a numerical majority of the 55 % of Americans who voted on Election Day 2016 .
Trump will also begin his presidency with an approval rating below 50 % . This is unprecedented — or “ unpresidented , ” as one of his semiliterate tweets put it ( before he deleted it ) — in the history of such ratings . The government of the world 's oldest democracy is , in fact , not democratic . Also unprecedented is the fact that so few members of the president-elect 's own party , and none of the Democratic opposition , consider him to be qualified for the duties of the presidency , apart from serving as Cheerleader-in-Chief .
Of course , the Trump phenomenon has been gestating for a long period . With the honorable exception of George H.W . Bush , who had the requisite knowledge , intelligence , temperament , and values to serve , the last time a fully qualified Republican was inaugurated was in 1957 . No one denies that Richard Nixon had the knowledge and intelligence to be president ; but most people will admit that his temperament and values left something to be desired .
Similarly , most people thought that Ronald Reagan lacked the requisite knowledge and intelligence for the office . According to the journalist Peter Jenkins , former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said of Reagan , “ Poor dear , there 's nothing between his ears. ” And the qualifications that Reagan did have on Inauguration Day eroded over time , after he was wounded in a failed assassination attempt 69 days into his presidency , and , later , when he began to suffer from Alzheimer 's disease .
Still , Reagan 's temperament and values ( generally speaking ) were well suited to the presidency . He fully understood that being the star did not mean that he was the boss . Both as a Hollywood actor and as a U.S. president , Reagan had smart , dedicated , and trained professionals writing his lines and directing his moves . He knew that his job was to be on screen , and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the postproduction editing room , who were responsible for the finished product .
Trump knows that he is the star , but he also wrongly believes that he has the knowledge and intelligence to be the boss .
This is what most observers expected to see when George W. Bush took office in 2001 : a folksy cheerleader who would follow the lead of the wise advisers he had inherited from his father . But the younger Bush came to think of himself not just as the star , but as “ the decider , ” too . And while Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld had been savvy policymakers back in the 1970s , they had become rather erratic by the early 2000s . For whatever reason , Bush bonded with the two , which sealed his fate . He has not attended any Republican National Conventions since leaving office , and he may wish that he had he never sent James Baker to Florida in November 2000 to secure his victory over Al Gore .
Trump clearly has not taken any lessons from the second Bush presidency . He knows that he is the star , but he also wrongly believes that he has the knowledge and intelligence to be the boss . He seems unaware that his campaign is over , that he could fail catastrophically and permanently in his new role , and that it is in his own interest to ensure that his proposals are sound , not just as slogans , but as actual policies that will keep the U.S. safe and create prosperity .
So , what should the millions of Americans who now fear for the future do ? First , we can work at the state level to try to neutralize any Trump policy initiatives that are flawed or infeasible . Democrats and principled Republicans in state legislatures need to work together to keep tax revenues flowing and to fund the many spending programs that are in the American interest , regardless of what is happening in Washington , D.C. And they should promise each other that , regardless of who comes to power in 2021 , they will not hold each other liable for acting as disrupters today .
Five things we learned from the 2016 election ( 2:21 ) WSJ 's Gerald F. Seib with the five things we learned about voters from the 2016 election between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . Photo : AP
At the national level , we should constantly remind Senate Republicans that they speak for 13 million fewer voters than the Democrats do . And we should remind Paul Ryan that he made a mistake by going along with the Bush administration 's discredited economic and foreign-policy initiatives between 2001 and 2008 , and that it is a disservice to the country to show unconditional partisan support for an administration that is so obviously unfit .
And , if all else fails , we should remember that standing up to an unpopular president who received almost three million fewer votes than his opponent is not just the right thing to do ; it will also make for great reality TV .
J. Bradford DeLong , a former deputy assistant U.S. Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton , is a professor of economics at the University of California at Berkeley . This is published with permission of Project Syndicate — The Age of Incompetence
Now read : Hillary Clinton supporters need to quit whining about the Electoral College
By Rahul Lal
The NBA Draft , the first big event of the offseason , is Thursday , June 22 . Top prospects are tantalizingly close to realizing their dreams , or at least taking that next step toward NBA relevance . Lesser prospects may find themselves passed over in those 60 picks spread over two rounds .
As basketball fans put themselves in the minds of NBA executives , who better to talk about the upcoming draft than Jon Rothstein , CBS Sports Network college basketball insider ? Jon shared his opinions about what to expect next week in the NBA Draft and going forward into the 2017-18 NBA season .
CBS Sports Network 's NBA Draft coverage continues with re-airings of recent shows this week and three new shows on Tuesday , June 20 .
Some of the most impressive and NBA-ready prospects are coming out of the college game . Is college basketball at an all-time high talent-wise ? What effect are one-and-done prospects having on the game ?
When it 's mandatory that kids have to go to college for at least a year , it galvanizes college basketball . It allows people , when they 're getting ready for the season , to put guys in bold print who can have a major impact . But we 've seen very few teams win national titles with one-and-done players . Kentucky did it in 2012 with Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , and Duke did it in 2015 with Justise Winslow , Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones . But look at some of the other teams that have won national championships : Louisville was a veteran team in 2013 ; [ in ] 2014 , Connecticut was a veteran team and [ in ] ‘ 16 and ‘ 17 , Villanova and North Carolina were veteran teams . So there 's a good balance right now in college basketball .
Is this draft as elite as everybody predicts ?
The one thing that this NBA Draft has is an abundance of guards who can make a major impact at the NBA level . When you look right now at the NBA , it 's being dominated by guys who can have an impact at the lead guard position . You 've seen it throughout the NBA more and more over the past decade .
Since there 's so many of those guys available who have the potential to be stars at the next level , that 's why the buzz is what it is about in the 2017 draft . You 've got the star power at the top and then a couple other guys involved who can be really , really interesting .
Point guards Markelle Fultz , Lonzo Ball , De'Aaron Fox , Dennis Smith Jr. and Frank Ntilikina should all go top 10 this year . After watching them all year , what 's your opinion on their talent ?
One thing you have to look at when discussing the point guards in this draft is that they 're almost like different types of sports cars . How does somebody decide whether they want a Lamborghini instead of a Porsche ? A BMW or Jaguar ?
When you look at Markelle Fultz , he 's a combo guard who can affect the game in a number of ways . He 's a combo scorer , a very good athlete . But a big concern about him is he did n't play well enough to make his team a viable threat in the Pac-12 . The argument is [ that ] that team would 've been an NCAA tournament team if Dejounte Murray and Marquese Chriss went back to school . That altered what Washington could be . But , he 's more of a combo guard who can play both guard spots , similar to Dwyane Wade when he came out of Marquette .
Lonzo Ball is the ultimate table-setter in this draft . He can make everybody around him better at a higher level than anybody else in the draft . The example that I use is Bryce Alford . Alford was a really good player at UCLA during the first three years of his career , but averaged career highs in field-goal percentage and three-point percentage because he played with Ball . He single-handedly transcended that program .
> > MORE : 2017 NBA Draft : Top 5 Prospects
De'Aaron Fox is more of a speed guard , similar in mold to John Wall , except there are some different intricacies on offense . You love his ball security . He only committed two turnovers in the final 64 minutes that he played last season against UCLA and North Carolina . He only made 17 threes last season for Kentucky — that 's a concern . Shooting is the one thing that can be rectified at the NBA level .
When you look at Dennis Smith , you have to look at a guy who can be like a young Steve Francis coming out of Maryland . These four guys all have the ability to go into the NBA and anchor a lead guard position for 10 years .
As far as Frank Ntilikina , I would delay expectations . He 's more of an athlete right now than somebody who is going to blow you away . He can be more steady on offense and effective on defense .
Josh Jackson has received a lot of praise lately , projecting as high as the second pick in the draft . What stands out about his game , and what could he improve on ?
Josh Jackson is an alpha dog who , right now , has the ability to have a great impact on the game by not demanding shots . When you look at it from a coaching perspective , the one thing you think about is shot distribution and whose hands the ball is in . Jackson , because of his intangibles last season , had the ability to impact the game without shooting . Thirteen games with 10 rebounds or more but , for somebody who people were concerned about in terms of his shooting ability , he really did a good job of making shots late in the season . They say he ca n't shoot , but he shot just under 40 percent from three . In the NCAA Tournament alone , when you study the numbers , five of 13 from three ? Not terrible .
Jonathan Isaac , Malik Monk and Jayson Tatum should all be called early . All three of them bring something different to the table , how do they project at the next level ?
Jonathan Isaac had a really good impact defensively because of his speed and how he worked on ball screens . Some of the easy baskets he got in college he wo n't necessarily get in the NBA . But he could evolve into a more consistent outside shooter . His body reminds you a bit of Rashard Lewis who had a good run in the NBA for a long time .
Malik Monk is a shooting guard trapped in a point guard 's body . He 's not a point guard , but he does n't have the size to be a two-guard in the NBA . One thing he can do is shoot the basketball at a high clip . He made over 100 threes last year , had 14 games with four or more made threes . If you 're projecting him at the next level , he has a chance to be a dynamite first guard off the bench .
Jayson Tatum is the guy that most resembles a Carmelo Anthony-caliber scorer in this draft . When you scouted him last year in the ACC , he was probably pound for pound the best player in that conference . He did n't play with a true point guard , [ so ] there was nobody to set the table for him . When you look at Jayson Tatum , if you can put him with somebody who can get him shots , it could open up a whole ‘ nother can of worms .
Front-court players are pretty thin this year . Which players stand out to you ?
I felt all along that Zach Collins was underrated and the epitome of efficiency . If he played at Duke or Kentucky , he would be part of the vernacular of college basketball . Seven-foot , great hands , he had 10 [ points ] , six [ rebounds ] and two [ blocks ] in only 17 minutes a game at 65 percent from the field . We saw what he could be in the final four from a production standpoint . That 's one person who comes to mind , though he 's got a ways to go defensively .
Also , the way Lauri Markkanen can shoot the ball puts him into a different stratosphere , because so much of the NBA right now is based on spacing and shooting . He was was a really good shooter last year ; he made 69 threes . You 're looking at a guy who shot 42 percent from three . He can have a Ryan Anderson-type impact in the NBA .
If you could pick one player who would hit the ground running in the NBA , who would it be ?
When you look at the ability to transcend teams and franchises , you have to look at Lonzo Ball as somebody who 's going to be an NBA star and a multi-year all-star . People forget that UCLA was a 15-17 team . And Lonzo went there and made UCLA the most entertaining team , the highest-scoring team and also the best-distributing team in college basketball . He 's one of the reasons why T.J . Leaf is in position to be a mid-first round pick . He has the ability to do for players what other point guards ca n't .
If you had to name three sleepers for this year 's draft , who would they be ?
One is going to be Terrance Ferguson because of the way he shoots the basketball . He 's somebody who has out-of-the-gym range . He could be in a different gym and make a shot , that 's how special he is in terms of shooting . He 's a straight bucket-getter , and he is a much more willing defender now . [ He has ] good length and has the ability to stretch the defense .
Semi Ojeleye has a major impact because of his physique and his ability to absorb contact . If you 're looking for a small-ball four man in the NBA , that 's Semi Ojeleye . I like that he can play different positions .
I 'm really a fan of Derrick White from Colorado . He has great size , can handle the ball and has a great story . There are still a lot of miles on the tank and a lot of room to grow in terms of his ceiling .
CBS Sports Network is airing six one-hour draft shows leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22 , 2017 . Draft coverage includes more analysis of the top prospects , along with breakdowns of players by position .
New shows will air Tuesday , June 20 , starting at 7 p.m . ET .
Rahul Lal is an LA native stuck in a lifelong , love-hate relationship with the Lakers , Dodgers and Raiders . You can follow him on Twitter here .
A man has been detained after a car was allegedly stolen from outside a house in Lewistown , Naas and then driven through the gates at the entrance to the dwelling .
Gardai say the car was stolen on June 30 between 8 and 8.30pm .
It happened after a car was driven to the area and abandoned . The driver then crossed fields and entered the house via the front door before allegedly leaving the house with the car key and stealing the vehicle .
A man , with no fixed address , was later detained by gardai near Athy .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Current and former NFL players used Twitter to congratulate those that were elected to the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class on Saturday — Ray Lewis , Terrell Owens , Randy Moss , Brian Urlacher , Brian Dawkins , Jerry Kramer , Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard .
The official announcement was made on Saturday night .
BREAKING : The Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2018 – Welcome to Canton ! # PFHOF18 pic.twitter.com/kKA3WsRdmx — Pro Football HOF ( @ ProFootballHOF ) February 4 , 2018
Here 's most of the Twitter praise :
Congrats Randy Moss and Terrell Owens for the Hall ! ! — jerryrice ( @ JerryRice ) February 4 , 2018
Congrats @ BrianDawkins on being inducted into the NFL Hall Of Fame ! The highest form of respect for what you 've done on the field and how you 've forever changed the game ! I appreciate all that you 've poured into me . @ terrellowens congratulations the film and stats do n't lie ! 📽📈 — Malcolm Jenkins ( @ MalcolmJenkins ) February 3 , 2018
Fell short this year for the 2018 HOF class but very appreciative and humbled to be apart of the conversation and consideration congrats to the 2018 class , well deserved ! ! ! # HOF2018 — Ty Law ( @ OfficialTyLaw ) February 3 , 2018
Congrats to my dawg @ BrianDawkins HOF 🙏 — Chris Harris ( @ ChrisHarrisJr ) February 3 , 2018
Much deserved , congrats on the HOF @ BUrlacher54 ! ! ! 🐻⬇️ — Jordan Howard ( @ JHowardx24 ) February 4 , 2018
I 'm happy for @ terrellowens ! ! Better late than never . Congrats on finally getting your HOF nod — Lance Moore ( @ LanceMoore16 ) February 3 , 2018
Shout out to the # HallOfFame Class of 2018 inductees ! Played against many of these gentlemen ! Very well deserved ! 👏🏽 — Greg Jennings ( @ GregJennings ) February 4 , 2018
Congratulations @ raylewis ! The only player my mom told me to “ watch out ” for . 🤣 # HOF — Benjamin Watson ( @ BenjaminSWatson ) February 4 , 2018
Congrats Big Time . What a privilege it was to have you lead our defense . @ BUrlacher54 # BearDown pic.twitter.com/IXxaxTdMxP — Charles Tillman ( @ peanuttillman ) February 4 , 2018
Petty TO during the HOF speech in August please ! pic.twitter.com/n4pxA3NsjY — Gerald Alexander ( @ GAlexander21 ) February 3 , 2018
HOF 2018 ! Pretty amazing ! A post shared by Drew Brees ( @ drewbrees ) on Feb 3 , 2018 at 4:19pm PST
Read more about the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class at USA TODAY Sports .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Check out cool gadgets including a water-resistant Bluetooth speaker , a 360 cam that shoots video in 4K resolution and a charging cable that doubles as a backup battery .
Ultimate Ears WONDERBOOM Bluetooth Speaker , $ 99
Ultimate Ears WONDERBOOM is a tiny speaker with big sound . Its predecessors including the UE Boom and UE Roll have been my favorites in years past . You 'll get good-looking speaker that 's easy to use and 360 degrees of sound - it gets loud !
WONDERBOOM comes in 6 cool colors and the best part is that it 's water resistant so it can survive being beachside or a drop in the pool . It even floats !
Another neat feature : you can pair two speakers together for even more sound .
The battery lasts about 10 hours .
Samsung Galaxy Gear 360 ( 2017 ) , price TBD
Samsung is updating its Gear 360 camera for 2017 . The device is redesigned so it 's easier to hold and it now captures video in full 4K resolution .
You can also broadcast live in 360 degrees to Facebook and YouTube .
The best part - Gear 360 now works with more smartphone models , including the iPhone .
So far no price has been announced but it 's expected to be slightly less than last year 's model , which cost around $ 350 . It will be available soon .
TYLT FLIPSTICK Portable Power Pack , $ 30-40
This charging cable has a secret - a backup battery is built right in !
You charge your phone as usual , but you are also charging a 3500 mAh battery inside the cord .
This means that even when you unplug the TYLT FLIPSTICK from the wall , you can still charge your phone one more time .
FLIPSTICK comes in lightning , USB-C and MicroUSB versions . It 's a nice thing to have in your bag since you are carrying two useful tech accessories in one handy cable .
( AP Photo/Tony Dejak ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' Kevin Love ( 0 ) shoots over Indiana Pacers ' Thaddeus Young ( 21 ) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Cleveland .
( AP Photo/Tony Dejak ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' J.R. Smith ( 5 ) passes against Indiana Pacers ' Jeff Teague ( 44 ) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Cleveland .
( AP Photo/Tony Dejak ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' Kyrie Irving , right , drives to the basket against Indiana Pacers ' Myles Turner ( 33 ) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Cleveland .
( AP Photo/Tony Dejak ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James ( 23 ) drive against Indiana Pacers ' Paul George ( 13 ) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Cleveland .
( AP Photo/Tony Dejak ) . Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James catches a pass against Indiana Pacers ' Lance Stephenson , left , and Monta Ellis , right , in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series , Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in Cleve ...
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND ( AP ) - Blown big leads . Defensive breakdowns . Bad shots . None of it means anything to LeBron James .
The only score that matters is 2-0 .
Kyrie Irving scored 37 points , Kevin Love added 27 , James had 25 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2 , beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series .
After giving up a late lead and squeaking out the opener by just a point , James and Co. showed more intensity on defense , more swagger in general and held on to win their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons .
However , the defending champions , following a pattern that began late in the regular season , nearly gave away an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers crawled within four in the final minute before Cleveland closed it out at the foul line .
Still , James came away encouraged . The Cavs are finding their groove .
`` We 're right there of what we know can become , '' James said . `` We 'll figure it out . I 'd much rather have an 18-point lead than not have a lead at all . We 're right there on turning the switch on what we really can become . ''
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists while winning his 19th straight game in the first round . He did have eight of Cleveland 's 19 turnovers , miscues that allowed the Pacers to hang around .
Game 3 is Thursday night at Indianapolis .
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana , which showed more fight , but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series . Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason .
Teague injured his right wrist in the second half and coach Nate McMillan said the starting guard will undergo X-rays .
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they mostly backed up their talk , delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but rare in 2017 .
In the third quarter , Cleveland took advantage of a mismatch underneath and pounded the ball inside to Love , who scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead .
Irving ended the period by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana 's antagonizing guard knew about it , yapping in his direction long after the horn sounded .
`` I thought we lost our composure and got frantic out there , '' McMillan said of his team 's third-quarter meltdown . `` We lost our poise and was n't calm during that third quarter . And that was big . ''
The Pacers regrouped , ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left .
Now , they 're heading home in a hole they still believe they can climb from .
`` We know what 's at stake , '' C.J . Miles said . `` We 're going to go out there , keep trying to give them hell , keep competing and we 'll get ourselves a win . ''
SMITH INJURED
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith did n't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury . Iman Shumpert , who sat out the opener , replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes .
`` Shump was unbelievable , '' coach Tyronn Lue said . `` He came in and made it tough on Paul George and made a couple shots for us also . We needed that spark . ''
TEMPER , TEMPER
George was upset that the fiery Stephenson briefly lost his composure .
`` He 's got to learn to control himself , '' said George , who was critical of Miles for taking the final shot in Game 1 . `` He 's got to learn to just be in the moment . In our locker room Lance is looked at as one of our leaders . His body language has to improve , just for the team .
`` We all know that Lance is an emotional guy . A lot of it is his heart and his competitiveness , that emotion comes out on him . He 's just got to channel that and put it towards making effort plays on the court and do whatever he needs for us to succeed . ''
TIP-INS
Pacers : Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf . He scored four in nine minutes . ... C Al Jefferson was active , but did n't play . He 's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle . ... George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games . ... Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series .
Cavaliers : James ( 357 ) jumped Magic Johnson ( 358 ) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds . ... A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr. , the 73-year-old tragically killed Sunday in Cleveland by a suspect who shot him and posted the killing on Facebook . ... Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana , but coach Tyronn Lue said his recent injuries dissuaded the Cavs from signing him .
UP NEXT
The Pacers went 29-19 at home .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
« « « return to Daily Wine News index
St Anne 's taste success
The Echuca-Moama wine producer won the trophy for Best Cabernet Family Wine with its Tatalia 2015 Heathcote Cabernet . The win is yet another feather in the cap for the expanding company , which scooped the pool with seven awards at the Dookie Wine Show last year . Source , The Riverine Herald .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
There 's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where family and friends can reconnect and create new memories during this wonderful season .
Advertisement
The man accused of roaring , charging at and chasing a law enforcement officer in a video shared on social media millions of times will face a judge Friday .
Yaroub Assad , 22 , was booked into San Joaquin County Jail on charges of vandalism , disorderly conduct and resisting an officer after the incident in French Camp , California , on Wednesday .
A security guard at a nearby Costco called the San Joaquin Sheriff 's Department for help when a man was blocking the store 's loading area .
She then captured video of the confrontation between Assad and a deputy .
Jewel Armstrong posted the video to Facebook where it was viewed at least 4 million times by Thursday evening .
In the video , which KCRA reports is nearly two minutes , the deputy orders Assad to the ground . At one point , the suspect pushes the deputy and the deputy deploys a stun gun .
The suspect appears to become enraged , roars out loud and then charges the deputy .
The San Joaquin Sheriff 's Department issued a statement confirming no one suffered significant injuries in the incident . `` In this instance , the deputy made an assessment that it was not required . As in other cases , on-scene video does not necessarily reflect the true story however we will look into the matter further , '' according to the statement .
Blog : IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics , remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new , more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT ( IIoT ) , collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based , manual inspections to automated systems . This improves both data quality and quantity . IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively . Combined with today 's more advanced analytics , these data enable industrial organizations to implement new , more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive , to preventive , too condition-based to predictive , and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance . With higher maintenance maturity , comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
GLENDALE , Ariz. — The Arizona Cardinals did n't get much offence against Tennessee . Their defence , though , was just fine .
The Cardinals held the Titans ( 8-5 ) to 204 yards , just 65 on the ground , in a 12-7 victory on Sunday that knocked Tennessee out of first place in the AFC South .
“ Our defence really stepped it up , ” said Arizona outside linebacker Chandler Jones , who had a sack , three tackles for loss and two quarterback hits , “ buying into what the coaches are preaching , and guys were just making plays . ”
The Cardinals ( 6-7 ) intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half , once to stop a scoring threat and later to set up one of Phil Dawson 's four field goals .
Mariota said he hurt a knee in the first half but kept playing and did n't use it as an excuse .
He completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards and was just 6 of 16 for 60 yards in the second half .
“ I expect myself to do my job and just taking care of the football and converting third downs , ” Mariota said . “ I have n't been up to par , and I 've got to be better . ”
Meanwhile , after gaining 193 yards in a win over Houston a week earlier , the Tennessee rushing game ground to a halt .
“ I do n't remember too many times in my time here where anybody has run the ball in this stadium against us , ” Arizona coach Bruce Arians said .
Dawson connected from 47 , 23 , 32 and 35 yards and missed one from 40 . It was the eighth miss of the year for the 42-year-old kicker , tying the most in a season in his long career .
“ It 's inexcusable , ” Arians said , “ but he made the next two . ”
The victory came two weeks after the Cardinals beat AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field . Arians improved to 7-1 against AFC South teams .
“ I wish we played them every week , ” he said .
Here are some things to consider from Arizona 's victory over the Titans :
STICKING AROUND
There was no long , brooding flight home for Tennessee after the game , just a bus ride to a resort on the other side of suburban Phoenix .
The Titans are staying in the desert next week , practicing at Arizona State University to prepare for next Sunday 's game at San Francisco .
“ I think this is a good opportunity for us to come together as a team , ” Mariota said , “ especially with the circumstances with what happened . So I think it 's going to be good for us , and I think we can bounce back on Sunday . ”
SACK CITY
Even though top pass rusher Derrick Morgan was out injured , the Titans sacked Blaine Gabbert eight times , the most by an Arizona opponent this season .
Six players had at least one sack . Jurrell Casey had two .
“ It 's definitely good to see us getting pressure , ” Tennessee linebacker Avery Williamson said . “ I wish we could 've got some strip sacks , but we definitely had them out of their comfort zone . ”
The eight sacks tied for the most for the Titans this season . They had eight against Indianapolis two weeks ago .
MARIOTA 'S PICKS
Mariota was not intercepted a week ago against Houston , but he threw two against Indianapolis and four against Pittsburgh in the two games before that .
Overall , the third-year quarterback has thrown for 10 touchdowns and been intercepted 14 times this season .
Tramon Williams got the first interception and Josh Bynes the second .
Mariota said both were his fault , although receiver Rishard Matthews also took the blame for the first one .
RUN STOP
Derrick Henry , who rushed for 109 yards on 11 attempts a week earlier against Houston , gained just 20 yards in eight carries for Tennessee . Demarco Murray had 34 yards on 11 attempts .
“ We were just definitely sound defensively , ” Bynes said . “ We knew we had to stop the run , and once we stopped the run , we made them one-dimensional . ”
The Cardinals , who entered the game ranked last in the NFL in rushing , outgained the Titans on the ground 136-65 .
FITZGERALD 'S CLIMB
Larry Fitzgerald caught five passes for 44 yards , in the process moving past his boyood idol Randy Moss into third place on the NFL career yards receiving list .
Fitzgerald has 15,311 yards , behind only Jerry Rice ( 22,895 ) and Terrell Owens ( 15,934 ) .
Will he catch Owens at No . 2 ?
“ I do n't know , ” he said . “ That would require me to play another year , I think . ”
Fitzgerald has n't said whether he will play next season .
——
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
FORT VALLEY , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – The hunt was on for Easter eggs at Hope Church over the weekend .
The church hosted is second Easter Extravaganza . Kids could play on bounce houses , rock climb and meet the Easter Bunny .
The main attraction was the Easter egg hunt , which the church had to do multiple times because there were so many kids . Pastor Jordan Poole said , jokingly , that it 's like the Hunger Games .
“ Easter extravaganza , is just a tool that we can leverage to ultimately lead someone to Jesus , and it costs what it costs but its worth it . ”
The church recently moved to its new location on Sullivan Road in Fort Valley .
BEDMINSTER , N.J. ( AP ) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent , pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which he blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
His attorney general , Jeff Sessions , vigorously defended Trump in nationally televised interviews Monday morning and said he expects to hear more from the commander-in-chief on the matter .
“ We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility , ” Sessions told “ CBS This Morning . ”
Sessions told ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” that the Justice Department would pursue the case involving an Ohio man who plowed his car into counter-protesters at the white nationalist rally in Virginia .
“ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America , ” Sessions said .
In the hours after the incident , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that he condemns “ in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation , Trump added : “ It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ”
The White House statement Sunday went further . “ The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. ” It added : “ He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement . Usually , a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer ; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual 's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance .
Trump 's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump 's position , offering different responses .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism . Sessions told ABC on Monday the incident “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute. ” On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
“ I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , ” McMaster told ABC 's “ This Week. ” ” It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ”
The president 's homeland security adviser , Tom Bossert , defended the president 's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent , too . When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” he specifically condemned the racist groups .
The president 's daughter and White House aide , Ivanka Trump , tweeted Sunday morning : “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “ we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric. ” He said he urged Trump “ to come out stronger ” against the actions of white supremacists .
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists . Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “ This is n't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines . This is a time to lay blame . ”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee . Counter-protesters massed in opposition .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations . Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “ fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . ”
Trump 's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer , which wrote : “ Trump comments were good . He did n't attack us . He just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . … No condemnation at all. ” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “ Summer of Hate ” edition .
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer , a Democrat , slammed Trump 's stance toward hate groups , saying on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that he hopes Trump “ looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with . ”
“ Old saying : when you dance with the devil , the devil does n't change , the devil changes you , ” Signer said .
Trump , as a presidential candidate , frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists . His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily , only when asked , and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign . His chief strategist , Steve Bannon , once declared that his former news site , Breitbart , was “ the platform for the alt-right . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
In a few months , AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape . It was 20 years ago that `` AIM '' went online . It quickly exploded in popularity , peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors .
For many of us , AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems , the sound of a `` handshake '' and the phrase `` You 've Got Mail . ''
`` AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed , '' says Michael Albers , vice president of communications product at Oath Inc. , a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year .
On Twitter , a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM 's demise , people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised .
`` You likely remember the CD , your first screenname , your carefully curated away messages , and how you organized your buddy lists , '' Albers says . `` In the late 1990 's , the world had never seen anything like it . And it captivated all of us . ''
In fact , by 2001 , AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide , but as Techcrunch.com writes :
`` It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ , and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN . But eventually text messaging , Google 's GChat and Facebook took over , while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile . That led to AOL 's fall from grace , going from being valued at $ 224 billion in today 's money to just $ 4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015 . For context on the business AOL let slip away , WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $ 19 billion . ''
`` We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades ; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997 , '' AOL writes on the AIM help page . `` Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want . We 're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products . ''
If you still have an AIM account , you can keep using it until December 15 . After that , you will no longer be able to sign on .
Everton started 2017 in superb fashion as three quick-fire second-half strikes secured a 3-0 Premier League victory over Ronald Koeman 's former club Southampton .
Koeman 's side were desperate to return to winning ways following their frustrating draw with lowly Hull City last time out , but it looked as though Claude Puel 's men would take a share of the spoils at Goodison Park .
However , though Jay Rodriguez and Nathan Redmond had gone close for Southampton , the hosts took a deserved lead through substitute Enner Valencia 's first Everton goal 73 minutes into a scrappy encounter .
And Southampton 's resilience swiftly crumbled , Leighton Baines slotting home from the penalty spot before Romelu Lukaku hammered in a thunderous third late on .
Tom Davies 👌👌👌 congratulations to enner on first of many to come ✌🏾🔵 — Yannick Bolasie ( @ YannickBolasie ) January 2 , 2017
The defeat represents a third straight defeat for Southampton , while Koeman can reflect on a job well done over the festive period with Everton having won three of their past five games .
Neither side managed to settle in a scrappy opening in which injuries to Cedric Soares and Dominic Calvert-Lewin disrupted play .
Everton were the first to muster an attempt on goal with Ross Barkley 's rasping strike drawing a smart stop from Fraser Forster .
Forster was called into action again to prevent Lukaku 's effort finding the target as Everton built momentum .
But it was Saints that thought they had the lead against the run of play , only for Rodriguez 's goal to be correctly ruled out for offside , while the forward had also handballed when bundling the ball over the line .
Rodriguez went close again , but - after initially engineering space with some sublime footwork - he blazed over from the edge of the area .
Southampton were almost made to pay for that miss shortly before the break , but Kevin Mirallas was unable to find the top-left corner at the culmination of a swift counter-attack .
Everton started sluggishly after the restart and Koeman wasted little time in making a change , introducing Valencia in place of the ineffective Aaron Lennon .
That change sparked the hosts into life and Lukaku should have done better after he burst clear of Southampton 's defence , only to drag his strike wide .
15 - Romelu Lukaku has been involved in 15 PL goals this term ( 11 goals , 4 assists ) ; at least 10 more than any other Everton player . Sweet . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) January 2 , 2017
Puel 's side continued to threaten on the counter , though , and Redmond would have put the visitors ahead if not for a fine save from Joel Robles .
Redmond was made to regret that miss soon after - Valencia marking a fantastic cameo with his maiden Everton goal , tucking home from close-range after Forster had saved Lukaku 's header .
Valencia then played a key part in Everton 's second , drawing a clumsy foul from Maya Yoshida inside Southampton 's area and Baines coolly converted the spot-kick by sending Forster the wrong way .
And there was still time for the Toffees to put further gloss on the scoreline . Baines won the ball back with a sliding tackle and Tom Davies - making his full league debut - picked up the loose ball to slip in Lukaku , who hammered emphatically past Forster with his right foot to wrap up the points .
Vote For Minnesota 's Best Hard Cider The air 's getting crisp , every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock , and fall is sweeping into Minnesota !
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend . Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions . While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules , for other activities a weekend guide can be useful .
When Gabriel Metcalf suggested at a forum on affordable housing that cities should be penalized by the state for failing to build enough housing , he drew gasps from fellow panelists .
It 's not that the other panelists disagreed with Metcalf , who as president and CEO of Spur , is one of the Bay Area 's better-known housing advocates . It 's just that no one else had been willing to make the suggestion .
We talked to Metcalf to discuss the region 's housing crisis and some strategies that might fix it . As the head of SPUR — the San Francisco Bay Area Planning and Urban Research Association — Metcalf is in the thick of the housing conversation . That makes sense : Over the decades , SPUR — which has offices in San Jose , San Francisco and Oakland — has helped catalyze some of the region 's critical policy moves , from the founding of BART to the preservation of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area .
This conversation has been edited for length and clarity .
Q The housing crisis rises from a thicket of seemingly intractable problems . How do you stay motivated ?
A good news is that we have the power to make the Bay Area much more affordable than it is . It might not be something where we ever feel like it 's fully solved , but it could be much better than it is now . And so in that sense , it 's different than some other problems , like cutting carbon emissions where only action at the global scale can address the problem , or even income inequality where really a lot of the biggest solutions are at the national level .
The housing market in the Bay Area is broken because of local decisions , and that means it can be fixed through different local decisions . We need a group of Bay Area cities to decide to open up the housing market . We need a “ coalition of the willing. ” Cities need to change their zoning and their planning processes to make it really easy and quick to add housing .
Q But I 'm guessing you want to guard against incoherent or environmentally damaging development .
A good news here is that high-density settlement patterns are the most environmentally efficient way for humans to live . The “ greenest ” city in the United States is New York , if you care about the per-person carbon footprint — because people in great cities can walk and take transit for most trips . So it turns out that building compact , walkable neighborhoods focused around transit stations is good for quality of life and housing costs and the environment .
Q Mountain View has several thousand new units planned or underway . San Jose 's General Plan commits the city to building 120,000 new units by 2040 . That 's something . Are any cities doing enough in terms of redressing the imbalance between job growth and new housing ?
A see small glimmers of hope , but it is not yet happening at the scale necessary to change overall housing costs at this point .
The three largest cities in the region – San Jose , San Francisco and Oakland – probably have the capacity to make a difference , just because of their scale and because of how much transit they have . I would add that any cities that have a BART or a Caltrain station also have the opportunity to make a difference by adding large amounts of housing around those transit hubs .
Q What are a couple of initiatives that you 'd like to see happen at the state level ?
A One would be to change the state 's environmental review law to have an assumption that in-fill development — as opposed to sprawl — is good for the environment . Another idea is to require that cities meet their housing production targets in order to maintain local land-use authority . In other words , if a city is n't hitting its targets for housing , then the state could issue permits to build housing there .
Q You 're saying that the state might preempt local land-use authority ; I saw you suggest this at a housing forum a few months ago . So , as it stands now , decisions about land use are made at the local level , where new housing proposals often get quashed ?
A Yes . California has turned over land-use authority to cities — even if cities refuse to build more housing and essentially turn themselves into gated enclaves of wealth and exclusivity .
Q Facebook has pledged to spend about $ 20 million on affordable housing , and Mark Zuckerberg and his wife , Dr. Priscilla Chan , met over the summer with a number of housing experts — which made some people wonder if he and his wife might launch an initiative via their foundation . Do you think Silicon Valley will finally do something to solve the housing crisis ?
A 'm really encouraged by the focus that tech leadership has on housing . If a group of leaders from tech decides to go big on solving these problems , we could go far .
Q You 've espoused a “ wave of experiments ” to increase the stock of middle-class housing . What might that entail ?
A is one of the issues we have not yet solved . My belief is that we ca n't help middle-class people afford housing through local subsidies ; we 're going to have to actually fix the broader housing market . But within that context , we need to try a bunch of things to see if we can bring down the cost of market-rate housing . Ideas might include ramping up prefabricated and modular housing construction , which in theory could reduce the hard costs of construction by a lot… There 's also room to do a lot more with unit design — to make our units more like what you typically see in New York or Paris : well-designed , hopefully , but smaller .
Fully embracing car-free living is another way to reduce housing costs . If people are n't using cars , that eliminates the cost of building garages under new apartment complexes . And if you look at the typical household budget , car use is expensive . So if we can put housing in the right places , so people do n't have to own cars , we can put more money in people 's pockets .
Gabriel Metcalf
Born : June 21 , 1970 in Madison , Wisconsin
Place of Residence : San Francisco
Jobs : President & CEO of SPUR , ( 2005-present ) ; Deputy Director ( 2002-2005 ) , Policy Director ( 1999-2002 )
Education : Antioch College , Ohio , BA in political theory , 1993 ; U.C . Berkeley , Masters in City and Regional Planning , 1999
Family : Partner , Elizabeth , a psychotherapist ; two sons , aged 9 and 13
5 Facts About Gabriel Metcalf
1 . He comes from a background of social involvement . His father , an economist , worked in economic development for the state of Colorado . His mother , a lawyer , worked for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
2 . His book “ Democratic by Design : How Carsharing , Co-ops , and Community Land Trusts Are Reinventing America ” ( 2015 , St. Martin 's Press ) is a history of alternative institutions within progressive social movements .
3 . He teaches a class in U.C . Berkeley 's department of city and regional planning on the intersection between political theory and regional planning .
4 . Before working for SPUR , he helped found City CarShare , one of the first car-sharing programs in North America .
5 . His chosen mode of commuting : bicycle .
Jaguar Land Rover , which is teaming up with Waymo to develop autonomous vehicles , is testing the technology predominantly in the U.K. and sharpening efforts to make the roads safer with such cars , Chief Executive Officer Ralf Speth said .
While automobiles currently have a lot of driver assistance built in , they do n't offer fully autonomous-drive features , he said , adding governments , researchers and the industry need to collaborate across sectors to develop a safe technology .
“ At the very moment , nobody can offer autonomous drive , ” he told Rishaad Salamat in a Bloomberg Television interview from the Beijing auto show on Wednesday . “ Nobody can do it on their own . ”
Autonomous driving has come under fire recently after a test car from Uber Technologies Inc. hit and killed a pedestrian last month , sparking a debate on the safety of the technology on open roads . Alphabet Inc. 's Waymo , which has racked up the most autonomous test miles on roads , said last month that it will add as many as 20,000 of Jaguar 's I-Pace electric SUVs starting in 2020 to its proposed ride-hailing taxi service .
Waymo is planning to purchase the Jaguar I-Pace vehicles , which sell for $ 69,500 each , placing the deal at more than $ 1.3 billion .
— With assistance by Ying Tian
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Author Philip Pullman has announced he will be doing a follow-up trilogy to the hugely successful His Dark Materials .
The first novel will be called The Book of Dust and is set to hit shelves in October - it comes 17 years after the last instalment .
Pullman has revealed the series will return to the story of Lyra Belacqua - a young girl who wanders through a parallel universe .
The trilogy will begin when the heroine is a baby and move on to when she is 20-years-old - it will be set between London and Oxford .
It is believed at least one of the instalments will be set ten years after His Dark Materials ended .
The 70-year-old author says the new trilogy is an `` equel '' meaning it is neither a sequel nor a prequel .
Speaking on BBC 4 's Today Programme he said : `` People say , 'Is it prequel ? Is it a sequel ? ' Well , it is neither .
`` It 's an 'equel ' . It 's a different story which begins roughly 10 years before His Dark Materials and ends roughly 10 years after . ''
Dust is a mysterious and troubling substance at the centre of the original books and Pullman said he has always wanted to return to it and discover it more .
On Pullman 's website , Dust is described as : `` A source of great anxiety to the Authority , that is the church .
`` Dust , it believes , is the physical evidence of original sin . Dust comes to us when we grow up and become corrupted by the wickedness of the world , of knowledge . ''
The Dark Materials trilogy consists of Northern Lights ( 1995 ) , The Subtle Knife ( 1997 ) and The Amber Spyglass ( 2000 ) .
In addition there are also two short novels Lyra 's Oxford and Once Upon a Time in the North .
Whether you 're lounging around the pool or telling stories around the fire pit , you love entertaining outdoors . So why wait to design and build the outdoor kitchen you 've been dreaming about ? There 's no time like the present . And these tips will help you down the path to success .
Pick the right spot
Location is everything when it comes to planning your outdoor kitchen . Not only will placing it in the wrong spot be inconvenient and uncomfortable , but it could also be dangerous . Start by locating any utility lines , underground and overhead , and design with those in mind . You do n't want to cut into buried lines during the building process , nor do you want to build directly under an overhead power line that poses a risk every time you raise an umbrella .
Next , consider the weather . You 'll have more fun in your outdoor kitchen if you locate it away from windy or overly sunny areas . Plan to build your space within natural windscreens and shade from your landscaping . Then install elements to protect your kitchen from the elements that pose a challenge for comfort and cooking .
Traffic flow and the proximity to your indoor kitchen are also worth considering . Plan a spot that places the two kitchens conveniently close . But be sure that the proximity and placement of the outdoor appliances are oriented to prevent smoke from drifting indoors .
Choose function over form
Grill , rotisserie , oven , stovetop , brick oven , blender , wine cooler — there are so many choices . But if you are n't using them regularly , they 're needlessly taking up counter and cabinet space . Before going overboard on the appliances , ask yourself what you 're going to be cooking and what you 'll actually use . Generally , you 'll need a refrigerator and a grill or other cooking source , as well as some storage and prep space .
Embellished wood cabinetry makes a bold statement in an indoor kitchen , but exposure to the elements makes wood cabinets impractical for the outdoors . Instead , opt for stone , concrete , or steel countertops and cabinets . Not only do they give your kitchen a modern appearance , but they 're also durable and easy to clean . Investing in practical kitchen elements from the start will render savings in upkeep down the road .
Related Articles Understanding the pros , cons and costs of popular flooring materials
Tips for preparing your home 's exterior for spring
How to choose a quality roofing contractor
Ask Angie 's List : What to know about installing a fire pit
How to test the water quality in your home Keep it social
It 's said that the kitchen is the heart of the home ; when you 're entertaining , guests often congregate in or near the kitchen to visit with the cook and each other . Arrange your outdoor kitchen to allow for that as well . Site your dining and lounging areas near enough that you can chat with guests while preparing the meal . ( This also makes it easier to get food to the table ) .
Set the ambience with good lighting . Add brighter lights to pathways , cooking areas and activity areas , then go for adjustable lighting in the dining or lounging areas . Colored bulbs help to set the mood , but save them for areas in which illumination is n't necessary to keep everyone safe and sound .
A large television designed for outdoor use is a great addition for some gatherings ; turn your kitchen and lounge area into an outdoor movie theater or mini sports arena . Add a sound system for background music or for amplifying the television 's sound . Add a large table , a fireplace or fire pit , an overhead fan or two , and some comfortable seating , and you 're ready to entertain .
Following a healthy diet is important - but people have different needs . Here , you 'll learn many tips to improve your overall nutrition so that you can be as fit as possible .
Try to avoid packing your kids lunch with unhealthy beverages . Skip putting in a soda , some sugary juice , electrolyte beverages or energy drinks . Instead , provide them with either water , milk or soymilk . Make sure your kids enjoys these kinds of beverages , so that they do n't try to purchase unhealthy drinks at school .
Sneak more vegetables in your breakfast to increase your vitamin intake . There are several easy ways to do this , such as adding bell peppers to your omelette or sneaking spinach and carrots to your morning smoothie . You can also blend a small mix of vegetables together and mix them in your orange juice . More vegetables mean a more healthy you !
To conquer a sugar craving without giving in to excess sugar , have an apple with all-natural peanut butter . This is sweet enough to feel like a treat , but the amount of sugar will not ruin your diet and as a bonus you get extra vitamins and protein in your diet .
To eat in a healthier way , you should change the way you cook . Cooking an food in certain ways can make them unhealthy . Avoid fried or roasting your food , as well as barbecues and grills . Instead , try steam cooking , boiling and prefer your oven to your grill or barbecue .
For a healthier diet substitute olive oil for butter . Butter contains high amounts of saturated fats which is associated with high cholesterol and heart disease . Olive oil is much healthier . You can drizzle olive oil , instead of butter , over vegetables . You can also dip your bread , or fry your eggs in olive oil instead of butter .
Read and understand the labels on the food you buy . The nutrition labels list the serving size , the calories , the fat , the sodium , the cholesterol , the carbohydrate , the protein and the vitamin content of each serving . Using this information you can calculate how much you have to eat from each type of food .
If you invest your health today , you will reap the rewards tomorrow . This means making the right choices every day by choosing foods that are healthy , exercising regularly and getting a good night 's sleep . These three recommendations will give you energy and focus to stay on the right track and maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Cook up several whole potatoes and stuff them to have later as a quick meal . Potatoes keep great after being baked or even boiled . Just stick them in your fridge and when you are ready for a quick meal , slice them open , add some low-fat cheese and maybe some beans or broccoli , and warm everything in the microwave .
Be cautious when using additives , such as dressings or condiments to your foods . It can drastically change your nutrition . Not only will it add a lot more calories to your meals , but these products have so many preservatives in them , that can be bad for your overall health .
Good nutrition can go a long way in relieving some of the common discomforts of pregnancy . Avoid fried foods , excessive spices and too many fatty foods to help combat the heartburn that often comes along when you are pregnant . Eat fiber rich foods to increase intestinal movement and avoid constipation .
Celery sticks are among the most scrumptious snacks that you can eat during the day . Create a low fat dip that you can use with your celery sticks for a nutritious alternative to some of the more fattening snacks on the market . This will help in satisfying your hunger and improving your nutrition .
Spinach is a great vegetable to consume and advantageous for your body as well . You can add this vegetable to any meal that you choose , to restore the vitamin E in your body . Spinach helps to reduce the amount of oil on your skin during the day and night , yielding a softer skin palette .
Do n't let yourself think that good nutrition will just take care of itself . If you are ready to start making better food choices to prevent and manage disease , use the powerful information found in this article to get started making the right food choices every time you eat .
Many economists may have underestimated the role of improvements to the supply side of the eurozone economy . And there are still plenty of supply side measures at both eurozone and national level that could improve actual and potential growth , writes Simon Nixon .
Source : : World News
The Raiders will open the playoffs in an AFC wild-card game at Houston on Saturday at 1:35 p.m . The game will be broadcast on ESPN .
The complete NFL playoff schedule looks like this ( all times Pacific ) :
Saturday , January 7 ( wild-card games )
Raiders at Houston , 1:35 p.m. ( ESPN )
Detroit at Seattle , 5:15 p.m. ( NBC )
Sunday , January 8 ( wild-card games )
Miami at Pittsburgh , 10:05 a.m. ( CBS )
N.Y. Giants at Green Bay , 1:40 p.m. ( FOX )
Divisional Playoffs
Saturday , Jan. 14
Seattle , Green Bay or N.Y. Giants at Atlanta , 1:35 p.m. ( FOX )
Houston , Oakland or Miami at New England , 5:15 p.m. ( CBS )
Sunday , Jan. 15
Pittsburgh , Houston or Oakland at Kansas City , 10:05 a.m. ( NBC )
Green Bay , N.Y. Giants or Detroit at Dallas , 4:40 p.m. ( FOX )
The conference championship games are Sunday , January 22 with the Super Bowl on Sunday , February 5 on FOX .
By Music News Group
Frank Micelotta/FOXIt was a big night Sunday for Fifth Harmony at the 2017 Teen Choice awards . The group took home surfboards in the categories of Choice Music Group and Choice Summer Group . Their latest single , “ Down ” with Gucci Mane , was awarded Choice Song : Group ; and their fans , the Harmonizers , were honored as choice fandom .
Speaking to the crowd at the University of Southern California 's Galen Center , group member Lauren Jauregui evoked the violent clashes with white supremacists in Charlottesville , North Carolina that left three dead over the weekend . “ In light of recent events we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching : no matter who you are , where you come from or what you look like , you are beautiful and you are important , so keep spreading love and positivity , all right ? ” she said .
Bruno Mars received the Visionary Award . Bruno , who is on tour , sent a video acceptance message , but used the occasion to announce the release of a new video for his song “ Versace on the Floor , ” featuring Zendaya . The video was immediately made available on Bruno 's YouTube channel .
Members of Maroon 5 were on hand to accept the Decade Award . Adam Levine joked about receiving a Teen Choice Award despite being 38 , though he noted that he and guitarist James Valentine looked pretty good for 38 . He also teased the crowd announcing , “ Our sixth and final album is coming out in November , ” adding , “ I 'm just kidding , just kidding . Man , I 'm joking . We are never gon na go away . ”
Non-musical award winner , Zendaya , also got political during her acceptance speech for Choice Summer Movie Actress for her performance in Spider-Man : Homecoming . ” With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that 's happening not only in the world , but in our country , right now I need for you young people to be educated , I need you to listen , I need you to pay attention , ” Zendaya said . “ You 're the future presidents . The future senators . And you guys are the ones who are going to make this world better , so I 'm just letting you know , right now , that you are the future , OK ? ”
Louis Tomlinson delivered the evening 's final performance , delivering a smooth rendition of his single “ Back to You ” with Bebe Rexha .
Here are the Teen Choice 2017 winners in the music categories :
Choice Male Artist ( # ChoiceMaleArtist )
Harry Styles
Choice Female Artist ( # ChoiceFemaleArtist )
Ariana Grande
Choice Music Group ( # ChoiceMusicGroup )
Fifth Harmony
Choice Country Artist ( # ChoiceCountryArtist )
Carrie Underwood
Choice Electronic/Dance Artist ( # ChoiceElectronicDanceArtist )
Calvin Harris
Choice Latin Artist ( # ChoiceLatinArtist )
CNCO
Choice R & B/Hip-Hop Artist ( # ChoiceRBHipHopArtist )
Beyoncé
Choice Rock Artist ( # ChoiceRockArtist )
Harry Styles
Choice Song : Female Artist ( # ChoiceSongFemaleArtist )
Camila Cabello – “ Crying in the Club ”
Choice Song : Male Artist ( # ChoiceSongMaleArtist )
Niall Horan – “ Slow Hands ”
Choice Song : Group ( # ChoiceSongGroup )
Fifth Harmony ( feat . Gucci Mane ) – “ Down ”
Choice Collaboration ( # ChoiceCollaboration )
Steve Aoki & Louis Tomlinson – “ Just Hold On ”
Choice Summer Song ( # ChoiceSummerSong )
“ Despacito ” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee ( feat . Justin Bieber )
Choice Summer Female Artist ( # ChoiceSummerFemaleArtist )
Camila Cabello
Choice Summer Male Artist ( # ChoiceSummerMaleArtist )
Shawn Mendes
Choice Summer Group ( # ChoiceSummerGroup )
Fifth Harmony
Choice Summer Tour ( # ChoiceSummerTour )
Ariana Grande – Dangerous Woman Tour
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Music News
Kremlin denies intelligence links during Trump campaign
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
One final day to vote : Here 's what you need to know
hello
You are allowed to bring newspapers into your polling place , but local election judges may or may not let you use your phone . AP Photo/Jae C. Hong , 2012
Voters have a final chance Tuesday to choose who in November will face off for seats in Congress , for governor and the Illinois legislature , and for county boards .
Decisions made by voters ultimately will set up suburban campaigns for the Nov. 6 general election , including some that could be among the most-watched in the country .
Suburban voters have big decisions to make elsewhere on the ballot , too , with referendums in a number of towns , fire districts and school districts .
Polls are open from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday . Here are some things that will help you cast your vote . And after the polls close Tuesday , check back at dailyherald.com for full results .
What 's on your ballot ?
You also can check online to find whether you are registered , your polling place on Election Day and your sample ballot . Check here for Aurora , Cook County , DuPage County , Kane County , Lake County ,
McHenry County and Will County .
Which political party ?
Voters in primaries must declare their political party before receiving a ballot . Depending on party affiliation , the ballot will focus solely on Democratic or Republican candidates . What ballot you pull is public record , but whom you vote for is n't .
Those who just want to vote on referendums can ask for a nonpartisan ballot .
Can I register ?
You can register and cast a ballot at the same time if you 're a U.S. citizen and present two forms of identification , one of which must have your address on it . Examples include a passport or military I.D. , driver 's license , college or work ID , vehicle registration , lease , insurance card , bank statement or utility bill .
If you already are registered you do not routinely need identification to vote . However , an election judge can ask for identification in certain circumstances , such as if a previously mailed in registration form is incomplete .
Where should college students vote ?
College students can register to vote at home or where they go to school . But if you have an aid or tuition package that requires residency , check with your school to make sure changing your registration wo n't jeopardize that , says vote.org .
Can I bring in a phone or newspapers ?
Newspapers , yes ( so feel free to bring the list of Daily Herald endorsements ) . As for your cellphone , it depends . There is no state law prohibiting cellphones , Illinois State Board of Election general counsel Ken Menzel said . But local authorities can set rules , and some suburban polling places reportedly are n't allowing phones , so it 's best to do your research and write down your picks before you arrive . You 're not allowed to make or receive phone calls while inside the polling place . If you make a phone call and slip into a conversation about the candidates , it 's considered electioneering , which is illegal .
Turnout
It could be higher than in 2014 's gubernatorial primaries , if suburban Cook County is an indication . A record number of people registered to vote and a record number cast early votes in Cook County , where turnout was just 16 percent in 2014 .
Provisional ballots
If questions are raised at the polls about a voter 's registration or identity , the voter can fill out a provisional ballot . While it is the same as the normal ballot , it will not be counted until the election authority has determined the voter is eligible to vote . The authority has 14 days to determine eligibility , and voters have two days after voting to provide additional information .
Electioneering
No one is allowed to attempt to influence a voter within 100 feet of the polling place , among other rules . On Tuesday , any suspicious or illegal activity can be reported to the Illinois attorney general 's office at ( 866 ) 536-3496 .
Henderson Police and the Boys and Girls Club of Southern Nevada said they are seeking information from the public leading to the arrest of a suspect ( s ) after a bus was set on fire Tuesday morning .
A passenger bus was melted and destroyed in the early morning fire at 401 Drake Street , near Warm Springs Road and Major Avenue , according to a release from the Boys and Girls Club . The van was meant to take kids to and from school .
`` Someone wanted to send a message , '' Russell Jones , the senior clubhouse director said . `` It 's barely even standing now . ''
This was the second incident involving the club 's vehicles in less than a month . On April 12 , three vehicles , including this bus damaged Tuesday , were vandalized by unknown suspects . Someone had stuffed something into the van 's gas tank to try and light it on fire , but without much success .
`` Deja vu . It felt like Groundhog 's Day , '' Jones said . `` This time it just looks like they came back to finish the job off . ''
A few months ago , Jones said there was another arson fire consisting of trash in the next-door parking lot . At the time , he said the staff did n't think much of it .
`` We honestly do n't know if it 's just an arsonist in the neighborhood or if they 're separate instances . We have no idea , '' he said . `` It makes no sense . Definitely does n't make any sense at all ... especially with it being arson , I just do n't think that it 's a coincidence . ''
Anyone with information was urged to contact the Henderson Police Department by phone at 702-267-5000 or call Crime Stoppers to remain anonymous at 702-385-5555 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Mark Zuckerberg Under Fire for Massive Data Leak
A U.S. senator is demanding that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee , after reports that a company employed by President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign accessed profile data from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission .
`` This is a major breach that must be investigated , '' Sen. Amy Klobuchar , a Minnesota Democrat , tweeted Saturday . `` It 's clear these platforms ca n't police themselves ... They say 'trust us . ' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary . ''
Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the senator 's demand .
On Friday evening , the Menlo Park social media giant -- with the New York Times poised to publish on Saturday an article about the massive data leak -- admitted in a news release that Cambridge Analytica had years ago obtained user data from a `` personality prediction '' app that was downloaded by about 270,000 people .
The app developer could then access `` information such as the city they set on their profile , or content they had liked , as well as more limited information about friends who had their privacy settings set to allow it , '' Facebook said .
The developer accessed the data through what were the proper channels at the time , but `` lied to us and violated our Platform Policies by passing data ( to ) Cambridge Analytica , '' the company said .
Cambridge Analytica harvested profile information from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission , the Associated Press reported .
Facebook subsequently changed the rules governing developers ' use of its data , and now requires them to justify and explain proposed data collection before they 're allowed to access user information or ask for it , the company said .
Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing , saying it had deleted the data it received from the developer , the Associated Press reported . Facebook , however , said in its news release that it had received reports several days ago that not all the data was deleted .
`` We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims , '' the company said .
Cambridge Analytica , linked to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon , used the data to develop techniques that formed the foundation of its work on the Trump campaign , The New York Times and The Guardian reported .
Facebook executives took to Twitter on Saturday to argue strenuously that the data leak was not a data breach .
`` This was unequivocally not a data breach , '' tweeted longtime executive Andrew Bosworth . `` People chose to share their data with third party apps and if those third party apps did not follow the data agreements with us/users it is a violation . No systems were infiltrated , no passwords or information were stolen or hacked . ''
One of the New York Times reporters who wrote the newspaper 's story on the leak responded . `` Facebook officials today playing semantic -- but legally very important to regulators -- word games about a data 'breach , ' `` Nick Confessore ? tweeted . `` But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check his app out that closely ? ''
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Courtesy of Facebook .
Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here
“ Highly aggressive to not realistic ” . That is how US Treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin described the administration 's timetable for its ambitious tax reform package . Mr Mnuchin told the FT that the expected delay in getting tax reforms through Congress and on to President Donald Trump 's desk was in part due to the failure to push through healthcare reforms . Doubts over the administration 's timeline for stimulative economic policies are already hitting markets .
The promised sweeping overhaul of the tax code has another hurdle : Mr Trump 's refusal to release his own tax returns . Democrats are uniting around a pledge not to co-operate on any tax reform unless they know specifically how that revision would benefit the billionaire president and his family . ( FT , NYT )
In the news
Turkey talk Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan extended a state of emergency after his narrow referendum victory , which exposed the polarisation in Turkish society . German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged Mr Erdoğan to open dialogue with his critics , as election observers said the referendum did not meet the Council of Europe 's standards . ( FT )
UN opens Holocaust files The once-inaccessible archive of the UN war crimes commission , dating back to 1943 , is being opened by the Wiener Library in London . The archive , used in prosecution of Nazis , details evidence of death camps previously unseen by the public and could “ rewrite crucial chapters of history ” . ( Guardian )
Facebook 's delayed reaction The social network , which is under pressure to show it can police its nearly 2bn users , did not suspend the account of someone who appeared to commit murder until almost two hours after users flagged it . The suspect is still being hunted in five US states . ( FT , BBC )
Former Trump aide advises Chinese tycoon Remember Paul Manafort , Donald Trump 's former campaign chairman , who has deep ties to Russia ? He has re-emerged in China , offering advice on how to win construction contracts for the US president 's promised $ 1tn infrastructure buildout . ( FT )
Foxconn seeks Apple 's backing The Taiwanese supplier to the world 's largest tech company has approached Apple about a potential joint offer for Toshiba 's flash memory business in what could be a $ 28bn takeover battle . The division has already drawn offers from Broadcom , Western Digital and SK Hynix . ( FT )
North Korea tensions There is a “ Cuban missile crisis in slow motion ” happening in North Korea and these are Donald Trump 's options . Separately , this interactive graphic shows the range of Pyongyang 's missiles so far . ( NYT , Reuters , WSJ )
It 's a big day for
US economy Data are expected to show the market for new homes cooled in March , which may assuage US regulators ' concerns about a post-crisis construction surge . ( FT )
Keep up with the important business , economic and political stories in the coming days with the FT 's Week Ahead .
Food for thought
The increasingly difficult hunt for an au pair I am Lina * from Copenhagen . I like to dream , and I am maybe a little bit mischievous. ” “ I am Gaia from Italy . I am a solar person , and very thrushwort. ” These profiles are not from Tinder but from the website AuPair World and show how finding an au pair has become a high-stakes game . ( FT )
The EU M & A playbook Only halfway through her term , the EU 's tough competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager has already blocked three big deals while her predecessor only denied four in his entire term . This is how to get Brussels to approve a takeover . ( FT )
The complicated history of barbecue A long read about what some regard as America 's most political food , and it 's tangled , racially tinged history . ( New Yorker )
Kara Walker 's next act Three years ago , Walker took New York by storm with the debut of her first public-art piece A Subtlety , or the Marvelous Sugar Baby — a 35ft “ Sphinx creature with the kerchiefed head of a mammy figure , her breasts naked , her vulva prominent ” — and revolutionised public art . Here is what she is up to now . ( NYMag )
Korea 2.0 ? Nearly 70 years ago ill-judged words in Washington and miscalculation by Pyongyang led to the outbreak of the Korean war , writes Gideon Rachman . Are the US and North Korean governments about to miscalculate again and slide into conflict on the Korean peninsula ? ( FT )
The missing Fabergé eggs The Russian royal family had their intricate , bejewelled Easter eggs crafted by the House of Fabergé , with one commissioned each year since 1885 . Then they were killed , and the treasures scattered . One has been found in a most unlikely way , but there are doubts over whether the seven remaining eggs , potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars , will be recovered . ( Daily Beast )
Video of the day
A look at the week ahead A five-minute summary of the main stories the FT is watching this week , including the first leg of the French presidential elections , Unilever 's first quarter revenue numbers , new US economic data and the IMF and World Bank meetings in Washington . ( FT )
More Videos 11:11 NC State 's Doeren : 'What a win ' Pause 0:29 NC State 's Chubb makes a breathtaking sack 1:13 Experience NC State 's victory over Louisville 1:28 Panthers Luke Kuechly on familiarity with Buffalo Bills : 'They know us , we know them ' 1:18 What 's next for South Carolina 's offense 2:27 UNC academic scandal explained 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it 's funny to hear a `` female talk about routes '' 1:22 Charlotte 's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith : Back to Basics 1:05 Panthers Rivera working to keep team focused in `` trying times '' 2:29 Charlotte 's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith : Who They Are Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge ? South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas . South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas .
South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
During an interview with the cast of Ocean 's 8 Xilla Valentine asked Awkafina if she took Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett to the bodega for a New York classic . The Chopped Cheese Sandwich .
Ocean 's 8 starring Rihanna and Sandra Bullock hits theaters this weekend .
Cate Blanchett Really Wants A Chopped Cheese From Your Favorite NY Bodega was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer
Jermal Trammel of New Orleans is the first one to complete the short course during the 2017 Project Hero Barrington Honor Ride in Barrington Hills on Sunday . Hundreds of cyclists participated , including riders from the Wounded Veterans 500-mile Great Lakes Challenge Bike Ride , raising money to help wounded veterans and first responders .
Getty Images Costco reported earnings that beat expectations , but margins and renewals are giving analysts pause
With shares of Costco Wholesale Corp. down nearly 6 % in Friday trading after a fourth-quarter earnings beat , Susquehanna Financial Group analysts say now is a good time to snap up shares , but many others are concerned about the challenges the retailer faces .
The membership-based warehouse retailer reported earnings per share of $ 2.08 , up from $ 1.77 last year and ahead of the $ 2.03 per share FactSet consensus . Sales totaled $ 42.3 billion , up from $ 36.6 billion last year and above the $ 41.8 billion FactSet consensus . Same-store sales rose 6.1 % for the quarter .
Still , some analysts raised a warning flag based on membership renewals and margins .
“ Costco represents one of the most defensible names in retail and we believe many investors continue to overstate the speed and impact of competition entering its space , ” wrote Susquehanna analysts led by Bill Dreher . “ Given the after-hours weakness in the shares , we believe now is a good time to buy Costco shares and we reaffirm our positive rating . ”
Susquehanna has a price target of $ 205 .
Analysts there focused on the e-commerce initiatives that were discussed on the earnings call . E-commerce sales were up 27 % in the quarter .
Costco COST , -5.83 % Chief Executive Richard Galanti said on the late Thursday earnings call that the company has been beefing up the functionality of the e-commerce site , improving search , checkout , order tracking and the returns process , along with improving the merchandise on the site .
In addition , Costco has rolled out CostcoGrocery , offering two-day delivery on dry grocery , and an expanded same-day delivery service through a partnership with Instacart .
“ We believe this shows a new focus on a key engine of growth going forward , ” Susquehanna said , with analysts saying that the new services “ will help cement Costco 's leading position within the grocery value chain well into the future . ”
See also : Wal-Mart strikes back at Amazon voice-commerce push with Google partnership
Read : Costco shares slide almost 3 % as J.P. Morgan says earnings supported bull and bear case
Cowen & Company analysts have said previously that Costco should focus more on e-commerce to ensure long-term success . Analysts say they 're “ excited ” by the moves online , but they 're still cautiously optimistic .
“ Our cautious stance is primarily based on the difficult road ahead for balancing core merchandise margins versus store traffic given the need to have an aggressive value proposition , ” analysts led by Oliver Chen wrote . “ Further , we expect member renewal rates to tick down another several quarters before likely rebounding – similar to Costco 's experience in Canada after switching between credit card partners . Finally , we also believe investor sentiment continues to be cautious – and investors will likely continue to believe Costco remains a stock that 's vulnerable to Amazon . ”
Costco reported overall margins that “ were down relative to last year and we feel it 's a function of our own initiative to drive sales and enhance member loyalty and satisfaction , ” Galanti said on the call , according to a FactSet transcript .
Cowen rates Costco shares outperform with a $ 182 price target .
Also : Amazon 's getting into the pharmacy business is a ‘ matter of when , not if '
See : Retail turmoil continues as job-losing streak runs to eight
Analysts at BMO Capital Markets also expressed uncertainty about the margins and renewal rate outcomes . Even with the online and delivery announcements , BMO believes there 's “ risk these initiatives will weigh on margins over time and may be viewed as defensive . ”
BMO rates Costco shares market perform with a price target of $ 160 .
“ We believe the result is solid though underwhelming versus share price outperformance anticipating a more significant EPS beat , ” wrote Stifel analysts in a note , pointing out the “ long-term uncertainties ” tied to renewal rates and the threat from Amazon.com Inc. AMZN , +1.05 %
Still , Stifel maintained its buy share rating and $ 173 price target .
“ Our buy rating on Costco shares anticipates mid-single-digit comp store sales growth to continue for at least the next three quarters given favorable comparisons and Costco 's sustained focus on improving its value proposition , including changes to promotional activity and reinvestment funded by the transition to the Citi Visa credit card in 2016 , ” the Stifel note says .
Costco shares are down nearly 2 % for the year so far while the S & P 500 index SPX , -0.26 % is up 13.7 % and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.14 % is up 15.2 % for the period .
The runaway show of the season : Louis Vuitton SS18
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Company momentum continues , winning large enterprise deals and launching innovative continuous testing solution
ATLANTA , GA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - QASymphony , the leading provider of agile testing solutions to the Global 2000 , kicks off its annual Quality Jam software testing conference today with over 400 customers and partners in attendance . The event will feature some of the top thought leaders in software testing including Keith Klain , Michael Bolton , Paul Merrill and many more .
Quality Jam comes after another successful quarter for QASymphony that saw record revenue and major competitive wins . Below are some highlights from the quarter :
120 % year-over-year revenue growth
Added 47 new customers including Global 2000 enterprises like Citrix , Republic Services , Thomas Cook and Omron
Closed major expansion deals with Brown Brothers Harriman , Cisco and FICO
Launched qTest Pulse , a new solution focused on continuous testing with integrations to GitHub and other DevOps tools
Opened London office and hired Bas Nijjer as General Manager of EMEA
Added key executives Guy Lever , VP of Customer Success and Eric Browning , VP of Security
`` We are thrilled to celebrate our success with our customers and partners at Quality Jam this year . In Q1 we significantly exceeded expectations and positioned our company for continued long-term growth , '' said Dave Keil , CEO of QASymphony . `` We are seeing increased demand among the Global 2000 for modern agile solutions that will help them improve software quality and gain a competitive advantage in the market . The recent 'spin-merge ' between HPE and MicroFocus has created more urgency for Quality Center customers to find alternative solutions . We are the only company to offer a comprehensive testing and business intelligence platform that serves the different segments of the market . ''
About QASymphony
QASymphony is a leading agile software company that provides enterprise test case management and exploratory testing solutions for development and QA teams . QASymphony 's qTest Platform helps companies create better software by improving speed , efficiency , collaboration and analysis during the testing process . The company has over 400 customers across 20 countries including Salesforce , Barclays , Adobe , Samsung , Verizon and Office Depot . QASymphony was recently selected by Gartner as a `` Cool Vendor in Application Development '' and by Entrepreneur Magazine as one of the `` Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America '' . The company is headquartered in Atlanta , GA. To learn more , visit www.qasymphony.com or on Twitter at @ QASymphony .
The Enugu Electricity Distribution Company ( EEDC ) , on Monday said it was committed to providing its customers in five states of the South-East with smart meters in 2017 to reduce complaints about high bills .
The Head , Communications Department , EEDC , Mr Emeka Eze , stated this in Aba on Monday .
He said the company had started providing meters in Awkunanaw area of Enugu State , adding that other states will gradually be metered .
“ Metering is one major thing we are taking very seriously in the New Year . Over N9 billion had been invested in metering project so far in the last one year .
“ The metering gap is quite huge and we do not have the resources to provide meters for everybody at the same time .
“ We have more than 700,000 unmetered customers in our network . So it is something that will take us a while . The 700,000 are the ones we have in our books .
“ There are electricity consumers we do not have in our books and are the people we are trying to bring into our books through the enumeration we are to start this January '' , he said .
Eze said part of EDC 's plan in the new year would be to ensure that its services were improved to give customers value for their money .
He expressed hope that generating companies would improve their generation and so improve the volume of electricity distribution to customers .
He said EEDC was forced to manage the little electricity they were supplied , adding that the vandalism of oil pipes lately had contributed to the low level of supply being experienced .
Eze urged the customers of EEDC not to delay in bringing complaints about service problems to the customer service centres created newly to ease access to the managers for quick solutions .
Boothe is n't alone . Thousands of similar cases have emerged , unleashing a scandal that has engulfed British Prime Minister Theresa May .
Other Caribbean-born U.K. residents , including many who are elderly , say they have been threatened with deportation , with some detained and denied access to health care and benefits . The revelations have prompted accusations that the government has betrayed a generation of black Britons who helped rebuild the country following the devastation wreaked by World War II .
They became known as the `` Windrush '' generation , after the ship that brought the first 492 passengers from Jamaica , Trinidad and other islands to Britain in 1948 . A total of 500,000 workers and their families were eventually invited to the U.K. from former colonies and granted citizenship as subjects of the empire .
The Empire Windrush in Southampton , England , in 1954 . PA / AP file
Many of them have been in the country so long that they assumed they would never need to present documentation to prove they were in the U.K. legally .
The scandal was exacerbated last week when it emerged that many of the Windrush generation 's original landing documents had been deliberately destroyed by the U.K. 's interior ministry , known as the Home Office , in 2009 . In many cases , this was a key piece of evidence needed to prove an individual 's citizenship status .
“ The Home Office destroyed the evidence that gives people the opportunity to say , 'Look , of course I am British , ' ” opposition lawmaker David Lammy said . “ It 's very , very hard when you ask these people in their 60s to go back to the 1950s and 1960s and find their documentation . ''
Critics blame official incompetence and callousness , as well as an immigration crackdown introduced by May when she was in charge of the Home Office from 2010 until 2016 . May pledged to create a `` hostile environment '' in order to deal with illegal immigration , but many now say the policy has created problems for those in the country legally , too .
As a result , rather than simply being certified by officials at the border , peoples ' status now has to be checked by banks , landlords , employers and others .
David Lammy is a lawmaker with the opposition Labour Party . His parents came to the U.K. from the former British colony of Guyana . Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images file
`` People face fairly intrusive immigration checks in every aspect of their lives , '' said Satbir Singh , the chief executive of the Joint Council for the Welfare of Immigrants , a British legal charity . `` Many people who have every right to be in the U.K. do n't necessarily have all the paperwork . ''
Critics say that as a result of the demand for paperwork , the Windrush generation and their children have lost jobs and been denied access to life-saving cancer treatment , made homeless and , as in Boothe 's case , threatened with deportation .
Boothe says her parents arrived from Jamaica as Commonwealth citizens — members of Britain 's overseas empire that largely dissolved after the Second World War who were legally allowed to come to the U.K. as citizens of the `` United Kingdom and Colonies . '' Boothe followed them as a teenager in 1979 , on a Jamaican passport .
In 1980 , Boothe said she was given indefinite leave to remain , which granted her the right to live , work and study in Britain , as a result of her parents ' status .
German developer Ib Vogt has reached financial close on the under-construction 54.5MW Scaldia solar farm in the Netherlands .
HSH Nordbank is providing a €41m debt facility for the project , which is located in the municipalities of Borsele and Vlissingen in Zeeland on land owned by North Seaport .
Related Stories Dutch solar poised for kick-off
19 Feb 2018
Germans soak up Egyptian sun
09 Mar 2017 Scaldia will supply electricity to Engie under a 17-year power purchase agreement when it becomes operational in the third quarter of this year .
Solarfields Nederland will provide technical and commercial asset management after commissioning .
Ib Vogt acquired the project in February from Solarpark Zeeland .
Ib Vogt managing director Anton Milner said : “ We are very pleased to have achieved this milestone in a very complex project that involves multiple stakeholders , landowners and municipalities .
“ We would like to thank our partners for their efforts in reaching the financial close that will result in the largest solar power plant in the Netherlands to date . ”
HSH Nordbank energy and infrastructure director Lars Quandel said : “ This financing underlines our competence to quickly familiarise ourselves with new markets and to consistently advance the expansion of our position . ”
Image : impression of the Scaldis solar park ( North Seaport )
Missouri 's spring football practices are underway , and that has given PowerMizzou a chance to catch up with a few Tiger players . Newcomers to the program have not been made available to the media yet , so we will focus on getting reacquainted with players who redshirted last season or missed time due to an injury . Friday , we sat down with redshirt freshman offensive lineman Case Cook , who was recruited as a center but appears on the Tigers ' first depth chart of the spring at guard .
Question : What was the biggest adjustment or challenge for you coming to college last year ?
Case Cook : “ It was probably a little difficult being redshirted , just knowing that I 'm not going to be able to go out on the field and play , but after maybe a week or two you realize that I 've got all this time , I can use that to get better , get stronger , get faster , get better at my craft . And I tried to take that time to just get better and polish up everything and just be the best that I could . ”
Q : What was the biggest improvement you made during that redshirt year ?
CC : “ I 've gotten significantly stronger and faster , and just being able to move laterally . Just a lot of things I 've just got so much better on , just little details . .... I 've still got a log ways to go and a lot of things can be improved every day , but it 's a good jump start to where I need to go . ”
Q : What has been the biggest difference in playing for ( new offensive line coach Brad ) Davis ?
CC : “ I like Coach Davis a lot . He coaches us really hard and I like that , but then we also know that he cares about us as people , and he likes to goof around with us and stuff when we 're not out at practice . But I like what he brings to the table and I think having him on staff makes us a better team . ''
Q : How does he goof around with you all ?
CC : “ Just joking around , stuff like that . ”
Q : What are the biggest differences for an offensive lineman between last year 's offense and this year 's ?
CC : “ Probably just terminology . Obviously there are different things and different blocking schemes on different plays , but we just had to learn the terminology , had to be able to communicate and to do it effectively and quick . So I think that was a big adjustment at first , but I think now we communicate really good up front and I think it 's great . ”
Q : So you feel like you all have already pretty much made that adjustment ?
CC : “ I 'm not gon na say like , 'oh yeah , we 've got it down pat ' or anything , but we 've been off to a great start and I think in the end we 'll be just fine . ”
Q : What 's the biggest advantage of having five starters back on the offensive line ?
CC : “ For one , it brings some experienced guys with just some stuff , like game time stuff , you know , we need to watch out for this , that . But I also think having the young guys that are capable of playing and they 're hungry , want to play , I think competition , it just makes us all better . Whatever five goes out there , we 're all better because it 's a competition , even between the o-line . ”
Q : Do you have a concrete goal for yourself this season as far as playing time goes ?
CC : “ Well no doubt my goal is to be a starter at whatever position they play me at , so I 'll do whatever it takes to achieve that goal , and if they move me around position to position that does n't really matter to me . I 'll play wherever they tell me to . But my goal is just to get on the field and help the team , because that 's really what it 's all about at the end of the day is helping the team . ”
But there are red lines it seems ; and one is land reform , despite the long period of sanctions imposed from 2000 and the antagonism of many western powers to this redistributive move . Mnangagwa 's enthusiasm for getting agriculture , as the core sector in an agrarian economy , moving is clear too – although all seen through the lens of his ‘ command agriculture ' experiences . The full transcript of the FT interview is available too – and it offers a glimpse of an unusually relaxed , engaging Mnangagwa .
A reminder that a commitment to a radical transformation of agrarian relations is crucial for Zimbabwe , and that the land reform was only one step , was offered in the first annual Sam Moyo memorial lecture last week . Hosted by the Sam Moyo African Institute of Agrarian Studies , the lecture was delivered by Prabhat Patnaik from JNU , India and introduced by Issa Shivji from Tanzania . The video is available here . It offers a powerful call not to forget ‘ peasants ' and poor smallholder farmers in agrarian transitions in the context of globalisation .
Sam Moyo tragically died in a car accident in India in late 2015 , but his work and committed yet practical radicalism lives on amongst many young scholars , and in the vibrant agrarian studies summer school held each January in Harare . Mnangagwa and his people should go along next year to learn more about experiences of agrarian transformation globally .
At Davos , the allure of much-needed capital will be strong for Mnangagwa and his ministers . The WEF represents a gathering of the high priests of neoliberal capitalism , all eager for investments and returns . Zimbabwe may soon be seen as a promising investment destination , and needs to prepare for this . Such investments need to be for Zimbabwe 's development , not just servicing global capital . A strong state leadership will be essential , as deals are negotiated .
Some 70 heads of state are expected to attend the Swiss meeting . Mnangagwa may get a chance to meet the British Prime Minister , Theresa May , and many others . As revealed by his FT interview , with his predecessor , he definitely approves of female British leaders , including the Queen , so prospects of rejoining the Commonwealth are raised , for whatever benefits that might bring .
Mnangagwa may also bump into some other leaders too . There will also be a scattering of the leading authoritarian populists there , including Trump and Modi , who will be offering perspectives on new nationalist and populist versions of global capitalist relations from the US and India .
But a return to a neoliberal framework for the Zimbabwean economy would be a disaster , as would an attempt to veer towards an isolationist , nationalist populism . We all know how the supplication to the conditionalities of the international finance institutions , through structural adjustment , destroyed state capacity and undermined a diversified economy from the early 1990s . Many of the problems of today derive from this period . This was exacerbated of course by Mugabe 's populism : an economically naïve ‘ Zimbabwe first ' position just does not work in a connected world .
Can Mnangagwa steer a different course ? Committed to redistribution , economic justice and inclusive development , while encouraging investment from different sources – both east and west – but regulated on Zimbabwe 's terms ? It may mean doing less well on the World Bank 's now discredited , ideologically-motivated ‘ doing business ' rankings exposed this week , but it may be better for Zimbabwe . He has little room for manoeuvre , and having announced ‘ free and fair ' , internationally-observed elections for May or June , also not much time to turn things round – but this must be on Zimbabwe 's terms .
Next week the blog will offer the last of the short series for The Conversation on challenges for land and agriculture in Zimbabwe . The first two on compensation and on land administration are already out . The final one on priorities for agricultural development will be out soon on The Conversation 's platform .
This post was written by Ian Scoones and first appeared on Zimbabweland .
COMMENT - There no evidence that `` an economically naïve ‘ Zimbabwe first ' position just does not work in a connected world . '' This statement needs more clarification . First , no analysis of Zimbabwe can be relevant without starting with the destruction of the Zimbabwe Dollar through ZDERA in 2002 . Then , we can talk about what happened in landreform , while and after the currency was destroyed by Bill Frist , and co-sponsors Russ Feingold , Hillary Clinton , Joe Biden and Jesse Helms.Posted on January 23 , 2018 by Lesley White - Our blogAs Emmerson Mnangagwa heads for the snowy slopes of Davos , Switzerland to rub shoulders with the global capitalist and political elite at the World Economic Forum , he must not forget the more radical ambitions of his background.His recent discussion over lunch with Financial Times journalist , Alec Russell , was revealing . Zimbabwe desperately needs finance , and support from western nations , as well as China , Brazil , India and others who stuck with the country in the last years . The Investment Policy Statement and Action Plan released last week makes all the right noises . The charm offensive with the British is in full flow , and the FT interview was part of creating the right mood music .
Labels : EMMERSON MNANGAGWA , NEOLIBERALISM
CAMDEN COUNTY , Mo . - Camden County deputies arrested Shane Wall on Friday after officers were dispatched to the 1400 block of Thousand Acres Road for reports of a disturbance .
The victim said he and Wall were making moonshine when Wall became mad . Wall was accused of grabbing the victim by his head and squeezing it .
According to the probable cause statement , Wall said he was squeezing the victim 's head for the grace of God .
A few hours later , Wall grabbed the victim and caused the moonshine to fall over .
Officers said they saw no visible marks on the victim 's neck .
Deputies said when they made contact with Wall , he asked them if they believed in God and started blessing them .
After officers arrested Wall , he kept cursing and saying `` God loves you . ''
Wall was charged with domestic assault .
A tornado was reported in Jacksonville , Alabama on March 19 , and there were unconfirmed reports of multiple injuries and damaged or destroyed buildings near Jacksonville State University ( JSU ) . People were advised by the National Weather Service to “ TAKE COVER NOW ! Move to a basement or an interior room on the lowest floor of a sturdy building . Avoid windows . If you are outdoors , in a mobile home , or in a vehicle , move to the closest substantial shelter and protect yourself from flying debris . ”
ONE HOUR AGO : The blue blob in this image was tornado debris being lofted over 20,000 feet into the air over Jacksonville , Alabama . Horrifying . Praying no one was hurt badly . # alwx # 12firstalert # Jacksonville pic.twitter.com/up9rCv87vy — Josh Johnson ( @ JoshWeather ) March 20 , 2018
A tornado touched down near Jacksonville State University ( JSU ) , the university confirmed . Accuweather reported that two tornadoes were tracked near Jacksonville just moments apart . One woman shared an urgent post to the Jacksonville Fire Department 's Facebook page . “ Students trapped in unit 510 of the Reserve in Jacksonville . 911 not answering , ” it read . A man wrote on Facebook : “ Praying for Jacksonville ! Tornado hit just moments ago . State Troopers saying it looks like a war zone . ”
Quite the active night for Atlanta as these severe thunderstorms begin to affect the city . Also , you can see the Jacksonville , AL , supercell quite well as it spun across the AL-GA border . pic.twitter.com/Oa9H43wGWG — Wx Geek ( @ Wx_Geek ) March 20 , 2018
Power lines and trees were down , roads were closed , per the Calhoun County Sheriff . All Calhoun County schools were closed for March 20 . Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County , Alabama , with a population of just over 12,000 people .
HWY 431 and HWY 204 closed due to power lines and trees down . HWY 431 North of 204 intersection closed . — Cal Co Sheriff ( @ CalCoSheriffAL ) March 20 , 2018
Numerous trees down in Wellington , Pleasant Valley , and Nances Creek area . Please stay off the roads . — Cal Co Sheriff ( @ CalCoSheriffAL ) March 20 , 2018
Another terrified woman wrote on Facebook , “ The tornado hit Jacksonville really bad ! She is in her bathroom in the tub safe ! She has no power and it seems like the 3rd floor at her apartment complex has fallen through ! She live on the 2nd floor ! ! All i could hear on the phone is people screaming and crying ! Please keep my sister and everyone else in your prayers ! ! ! ! ! ! ”
Radar loop of violent supercell that went through Jacksonville , Alabama around 9 PM CDT . pic.twitter.com/FfjFRo7BDt — Andy Bollenbacher ( @ MrKakarot93 ) March 20 , 2018
Meteorologist Brett Adair wrote on Facebook , “ En route to Jacksonville . Per reports : Significant tornado damage reported at the University and at apartments near campus . This is not good….search and rescue on scene now . Seems like a large/violent tornado path . ”
02Z Special sounding in , shear very high as instability slowly decreases since 21z . pic.twitter.com/Y9WxwglxXU — NWS Birmingham ( @ NWSBirmingham ) March 20 , 2018
Calhoun County EMS wrote , “ From the National Weather Service-CONFIRMED DAMAGING AND POSSIBLY LARGE TORNADO NEAR JACKSONVILLE/CALHOUN COUNTY MOVING EAST INTO NORTHERN CLEBURNE COUNTY . TORNADO WARNING IN EFFECT ! TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY AND SHELTER NOW ! ! # alwx….A TORNADO WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 945 PM CDT FOR CENTRAL CALHOUN COUNTY… ”
Tornado down near JSU . Please get to your safe spaces if you 're in the Jacksonville , AL area . — Jacksonville State University ( @ JSUNews ) March 20 , 2018
The National Weather Service 's Birmingham office , which serves Jacksonville , wrote , “ IF YOU ARE NEAR AND NORTH OF FRUITHURST IN CLEBURNE COUNTY AND TOWARD THE GA LINE , SHELTER NOW . A LARGE AND EXTREMELY DANGEROUS TORNADO IS APPROACHING ! # alwx. ” Photos of damage were already circulating on social media . The National Weather Service shared this one :
People posted urgent messages on social media . “ My bestfriend is stuck at the Reservse in Jacksonville right now . Other tenants came to her apartment because theirs was flooding . At her apartment water started coming under the door and out of light sockets . @ spann , ” wrote one woman on Twitter . A 25-year-old man wrote , “ Reporting on the ground from Jacksonville : I 'm alive and I assume others are too I guess. ” The JSU men 's team was in Arkansas for a tournament game .
My bestfriend is stuck at the Reservse in Jacksonville right now . Other tenants came to her apartment because theirs was flooding . At her apartment water started coming under the door and out of light sockets . @ spann — Tabatha Rinault ( @ TabathaRinault ) March 20 , 2018
Reporter Kirsten Fiscus wrote on Twitter , “ Jacksonville fire officials say roof off Dollar General near JSU 's Coliseum is gone , there 's a car in a tree and Gamecock Village and Reserve Apartments have been hit by this tornado. ” She also wrote on Twitter , “ Jacksonville fire officials say many injuries reported. ” However , Greg Seitz , the Jacksonville State University athletic director , wrote on Twitter , “ Thanks for all the calls , texts and emails and we do have extensive damage in Jacksonville . I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum , but The Pete is not completely destroyed . We have staff on site and will update as soon as possible . ”
Thanks for all the calls , texts and emails and we do have extensive damage in Jacksonville . I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum , but The Pete is not completely destroyed . We have staff on site and will update as soon as possible . — Greg Seitz ( @ gseitz ) March 20 , 2018
Calhoun Sheriff Matthew Wade tweeted that sheriff 's deputies homes were among the damaged . He wrote , “ Homes are damaged in Wellington to include two of our deputies houses . Pleasant Valley and Piedmont take cover . ”
Storm chasers were also reporting there might be injuries .
Major damage with entrapment and injuries reported in the Jacksonville area . Please avoid those areas around Jacksonville , and let the public safety and law enforcement officials get in there and start the search and rescue operations
. — NW GA Severe Weather ( @ NWGASevereWx ) March 20 , 2018
At 9:15 p.m. , the NWS reported , “ A TORNADO WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 945 PM CDT FOR CENTRAL CALHOUN COUNTY…At 915 PM CDT , a severe thunderstorm capable of producing a tornado was located over Fort McClellan , moving east at 45 mph . ”
Emergency vehicles using Riverview Baptist Church on Alabama 77 in Southside as staging area . 77 closed headling south . pic.twitter.com/SPCPUYIxtK — WilliamThornton ( @ billineastala ) March 20 , 2018
The warning continued : “ HAZARD…Tornado .
SOURCE…Radar indicated rotation .
IMPACT…Flying debris will be dangerous to those caught without
shelter . Mobile homes will be damaged or destroyed . Damage
to roofs , windows , and vehicles will occur . Tree damage is
likely .
Locations impacted include…
Anniston , Jacksonville , Saks , Fort McClellan , West End-Cobb Town ,
Weaver , Blue Mountain , Alexandria and Choccolocco . ”
As we head to Jacksonville to cover significant storm damage we see Fultondale fire and rescue crews pass us on I20 I imagine they are heading in the same direction . @ WBRCnews pic.twitter.com/Sp2EhSf8Zs — Hannah Ward ( @ HannahWBRC ) March 20 , 2018
You can see radar of the tornado here .
915p- radar check . Storms are moving easterly , and we 're watching down the line for additional threats . pic.twitter.com/TIig26nuZ8 — NWS Birmingham ( @ NWSBirmingham ) March 20 , 2018
This story is being updated as more information becomes known about the tornado .
Today in History : May 30
Last Updated : May 30 , 2018 at 10:01 am
AD 70 – Siege of Jerusalem : Titus and his Roman legions breach the Second Wall of Jerusalem . Jewish defenders retreat to the First Wall . The Romans build a circumvallation , cutting down all trees within fifteen kilometres .
1381 – Beginning of the Peasants ' Revolt in England .
1416 – The Council of Constance , called by Emperor Sigismund , a supporter of Antipope John XXIII , burns Jerome of Prague following a trial for heresy .
1431 – Hundred Years ' War : In Rouen , France , the 19-year-old Joan of Arc is burned at the stake by an English-dominated tribunal . The Roman Catholic Church remembers this day as the celebration of Saint Joan of Arc .
1434 – Hussite Wars : Battle of Lipany : Effectively ending the war , Utraquist forces led by Diviš Bořek of Miletínek defeat and almost annihilate Taborite forces led by Prokop the Great .
1510 – During the reign of the Zhengde Emperor , Ming dynasty rebel leader Zhu Zhifan is defeated by commander Qiu Yue , ending the Prince of Anhua rebellion .
1536 – King Henry VIII of England marries Jane Seymour , a lady-in-waiting to his first two wives .
1539 – In Florida , Hernando de Soto lands at Tampa Bay with 600 soldiers with the goal of finding gold .
1574 – Henry III becomes King of France .
1588 – The last ship of the Spanish Armada sets sail from Lisbon heading for the English Channel .
1631 – Publication of Gazette de France , the first French newspaper .
1635 – Thirty Years ' War : The Peace of Prague is signed .
1642 – From this date all honors granted by Charles I are retroactively annulled by Parliament .
1806 – Future U.S. President Andrew Jackson kills Charles Dickinson in a duel .
1814 – Napoleonic Wars : War of the Sixth Coalition : The Treaty of Paris ( 1814 ) is signed returning French borders to their 1792 extent . Napoleon is exiled to Elba .
1815 – The East Indiaman Arniston is wrecked during a storm at Waenhuiskrans , near Cape Agulhas , in present-day South Africa , with the loss of 372 lives .
1834 – Minister of Justice Joaquim António de Aguiar issues a law seizing “ all convents , monasteries , colleges , hospices and any other houses ” from the Catholic religious orders in Portugal , earning him the nickname of “ The Friar-Killer ” .
1842 – John Francis attempts to murder Queen Victoria as she drives down Constitution Hill in London with Prince Albert .
1845 – The Fatel Razack coming from India , lands in the Gulf of Paria in Trinidad and Tobago carrying the first Indians to the country .
1854 – The Kansas–Nebraska Act becomes law establishing the US territories of Kansas and Nebraska .
1868 – Decoration Day ( the predecessor of the modern “ Memorial Day ” ) is observed in the United States for the first time ( by “ Commander-in-chief of the Grand Army of the Republic ” John A. Logan 's proclamation on May 5 ) .
1876 – Ottoman sultan Abdülaziz is deposed and succeeded by his nephew Murad V .
1883 – In New York City , a stampede on the recently opened Brooklyn Bridge killed twelve people .
1899 – Pearl Hart , a female outlaw of the Old West , robs a stage coach 30 miles southeast of Globe , Arizona .
1911 – At the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , the first Indianapolis 500 ends with Ray Harroun in his Marmon Wasp becoming the first winner of the 500-mile auto race .
1913 – The Treaty of London is signed , ending the First Balkan War ; Albania becomes an independent nation .
1914 – The new , and then the largest , Cunard ocean liner RMS Aquitania , 45,647 tons , sets sails on her maiden voyage from Liverpool , England , to New York City .
1917 – Alexander I becomes king of Greece .
1922 – The Lincoln Memorial is dedicated in Washington , D.C ..
1925 – May Thirtieth Movement : Shanghai Municipal Police Force shoot and kill 13 protesting workers .
1937 – Memorial Day massacre : Chicago police shoot and kill ten labor demonstrators .
1941 – World War II : Manolis Glezos and Apostolos Santas climb the Athenian Acropolis and tear down the German flag .
1942 – World War II : One thousand British bombers launch a 90-minute attack on Cologne , Germany .
1943 – The Holocaust : Josef Mengele becomes chief medical officer of the Zigeunerfamilienlager ( Romani family camp ) at Auschwitz concentration camp .
1948 – A dike along the flooding Columbia River breaks , obliterating Vanport , Oregon within minutes . Fifteen people die and tens of thousands are left homeless .
1958 – Memorial Day : The remains of two unidentified American servicemen , killed in action during World War II and the Korean War respectively , are buried at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery .
1959 – The Auckland Harbour Bridge , crossing the Waitematā Harbour in Auckland , New Zealand , is officially opened by Governor-General Charles Lyttelton , 10th Viscount Cobham .
1961 – The long-time Dominican dictator Rafael Trujillo is assassinated in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
1963 – A protest against pro-Catholic discrimination during the Buddhist crisis is held outside South Vietnam 's National Assembly , the first open demonstration during the eight-year rule of Ngo Dinh Diem .
1966 – Former Congolese Prime Minister , Évariste Kimba , and several other politicians are publicly executed in Kinshasa on the orders of President Joseph Mobutu .
1967 – The Nigerian Eastern Region declares independence as the Republic of Biafra , sparking a civil war .
1968 – Charles de Gaulle reappears publicly after his flight to Baden-Baden , Germany , and dissolves the French National Assembly by a radio appeal . Immediately after , less than one million of his supporters march on the Champs-Élysées in Paris . This is the turning point of May 1968 events in France .
1971 – Mariner program : Mariner 9 is launched to map 70 % of the surface , and to study temporal changes in the atmosphere and surface , of Mars .
1972 – The Angry Brigade goes on trial over a series of 25 bombings throughout the United Kingdom .
1972 – In Ben Gurion Airport ( at the time : Lod Airport ) , Israel , members of the Japanese Red Army carry out the Lod Airport massacre , killing 24 people and injuring 78 others .
1974 – The Airbus A300 passenger aircraft first enters service .
1975 – European Space Agency is established .
1982 – Cold War : Spain joins NATO .
1989 – Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 : The 33-foot high “ Goddess of Democracy ” statue is unveiled in Tiananmen Square by student demonstrators .
1998 – The 6.5 Mw Afghanistan earthquake shook the Takhar Province of northern Afghanistan with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII ( Very strong ) , killing around 4,000–4,500 .
1998 – Nuclear Testing : Pakistan conducts an underground test in the Kharan Desert . It is reported to be a plutonium device with yield of 20kt TNT equivalent .
2003 – Depayin massacre : At least 70 people associated with the National League for Democracy are killed by government-sponsored mob in Burma . Aung San Suu Kyi flees the scene , but is arrested soon afterwards .
2008 – Convention on Cluster Munitions is adopted .
2012 – Former Liberian president Charles Taylor is sentenced to 50 years in prison for his role in atrocities committed during the Sierra Leone Civil War .
2013 – Nigeria passes a law banning same-sex marriage .
6/15/17 – 5:22 A.M .
Two Findlay men are facing drug charges . The Courier reports the Hancock County grand jury handed up the indictments Wednesday . 46-year-old Eric Brown faces two counts of trafficking in heroin and one count of trafficking in cocaine . He allegedly sold the drugs on June 6 of last year .
In a separate case , 33-year-old Cutler Batchelor faces one count of trafficking in cocaine . The alleged incident happened on July 11 of 2016 .
MORE : The Courier
Kareena Kapoor Khan REACTS on Zaira Wasim Case ; Watch Video | FilmiBeat
'Dangal ' actress Zaira Wasim recently opened up about being molested in a Delhi- Mumbai flight . She had taken to her Instagram page to narrate her horrifying experience with tears rolling down the cheek .
At the recently held Lux Golden Rose Awards , Kareena Kapoor Khan reacted to this incident and said that women are capable of fighting out of every situation in life .
Bebo was quoted as saying to the reporters , `` I think women are way more superior than men . We are fighters and whatever the situation might be in our life - be it personal or professional - we all come out as fighters . '' `` Like I said before , we call our god Laxmi , we pray to her and she is a woman , and when we talk about our land , we call it motherland ... So , women are way more superior . We will fight out of every situation in life . ''
At the red carpet of the event , Alia Bhatt too condemned the incident and called it 'disturbing ' .
Meanwhile , the wife of the Mumbai based businessman who has been arrested for alleging molesting Zaira says that said her husband had `` no intention to molest '' and the incident was the result of a `` misunderstanding '' .
She told ANI , `` My husband is innocent , he had no intention to molest . There was a young death in family , which is where he went . He had n't slept for 24 hours . He asked the crew not to disturb him . His foot was on the arm rest but not with the intention to harass . ''
`` There was no immediate reaction by her . I do n't know why she levelled these allegations , maybe there was a misunderstanding . He is a family man and can never do such a thing . We want justice , '' she further added .
Yet another federal court has prohibited the Trump administration from ending the Obama-era program offering protection from deportation for hundreds of thousands of children of undocumented immigrants , this time setting a road map for the government to begin accepting new applications .
U.S. District Judge John Bates in Washington said the government 's 2017 plan to rescind Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals -- known as Dreamers -- “ was virtually unexplained ” and so its determination that it was “ unlawful ” is now deemed “ arbitrary and capricious. ” The government has 90 days to produce a better reason to end the program . Without an explanation , the U.S. “ must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications , ” he wrote in Tuesday 's order .
The Justice Department said it would continue to seek an end to the program .
“ Today 's order does n't change the Department of Justice 's position on the facts : DACA was implemented unilaterally after Congress declined to extend benefits to this same group of illegal aliens , ” spokesman Devin O'Malley said in a statement . “ The Department of Homeland Security therefore acted within its lawful authority in deciding to wind down DACA in an orderly manner . Promoting and enforcing the rule of law is vital to protecting a nation , its borders , and its citizens . ”
A group including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , Princeton University and Microsoft Corp. sued in November to save the program that allowed Dreamers to remain and work in the U.S . They argued the government had violated the Administrative Procedure Act , which mandates that repeal of government regulations be preceded by public notice and an opportunity for comment .
In January , a San Francisco federal judge similarly blocked the Trump administration from ending DACA , rejecting the government 's argument that the courts ca n't review whether the president improperly decided to terminate the program . The decision will be reviewed by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco .
The Bishop of Holy Trinity Anglican Communion , Calabar Diocese , Rt . Rev . Tunde Adeleye has identified bad leadership , poverty , corruption , marginalization , hunger and apparent failure of the operational system as being reasons for insecurity and several agitations in the country .
Adeleye bared his mind on the apparent growing tensions in the country while briefing newsmen the 2017 synod of the congregation at the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity Anglican Communion in Calabar , the Cross River State capital .
He noted that the only thing that could stop the agitation by those who felt they had been grossly marginalized was for the country to be restructured so that comprehensive approach can be taken to cater for the citizens of the country . The clergyman also explained that insecurity arising from agitation for self determination has weakened development and progress in the country , adding that investors are finding it really difficult to come into the country because of increase in violence , armed robbery , ritual killing , rape and constant and multiple arms importation , drug trafficking , property destruction , diseases such as HIV/AIDS and other environmental problems . Adeleye contended that if the present administration in the country was able to address issues like restructuring , equipping the police effectively to cope with the local and community miscreants , there would be relative peace in the country and thereby advocated for emergence of good leaders who can provide right leadership in the country to put an end to insecurity .
“ Security was one of the cardinal promises made by the present government to Nigerians during the electioneering campaign . Unfortunately , Nigeria is becoming largely insecure , ” he noted .
Continuing , he said , “ we , however commend the efforts of the federal and state governments for trying to see that this is minimized . But we still hear of assassins , robbers , kidnappers , property snatchers , oppressors around . ”
“ This is done with almost no deliverance from anywhere . In the cathedral , not less than four people were kidnapped in recent times . It is a national tragedy , ” the clergyman quipped .
Adeleye who described corruption as an endemic problem that has posed a challenge to the country 's socio-economic and political situation , however stressed that corruption was one vice that was non observance of laws and norms , insisting that it is “ fraudulent , dishonesty , illegitimate benefit , bribery , aimed at converging or destroying the truth . ”
Friday Nwagbara , Calabar
Opposition leader Isaac Herzog can not become chairman of the Jewish Agency , because the job belongs to World Likud under World Zionist Organization agreements , the head of World Likud in the WZO , Yaakov Hagoel , said on Wednesday .
Sources in the agency said US Jewish leaders are pushing four possible candidates to replace Natan Sharansky when he leaves the post during the June 24-26 Jewish Agency Board of Governors meeting in Jerusalem : Herzog , Deputy Minister Michael Oren , former ambassador to the United Nations Ron Prosor , or Energy , Water and National Infrastructure Minister Yuval Steinitz .
WZO head Avraham Duvdevani , who co-chairs a search committee of agency , WZO , Jewish Federations of North America and Keren Hayesod officials , has said the US Jewish leaders would ideally want Herzog , who is the most liberal of the four , but all four men are acceptable to them. “ As the largest faction in the WZO , World Likud will continue to lead the national institutions , in order to achieve the Zionist dream for the people and Land of Israel , ” Hagoel told The Jerusalem Post when asked about Herzog.Hagoel does not speak for Netanyahu , who heads the Likud , but he is the only one of authority in the Likud speaking about the matter.Duvdevani has been trying for months to get a meeting with the prime minister to discuss the issue , which is coming down to the wire . Sharansky has reiterated that after nine years , he does not intend to remain a single extra day on the job , even to train his successor.If Netanyahu does not end up recommending a candidate , the search committee is expected to meet with the four candidates and propose one of them on its own . If the committee turn to Herzog , it is possible that he will reject the offer and remain in national politics.One possible scenario is that the American Jews will ask for Herzog , while Netanyahu will say he wants former Jerusalem Foundation president Yohanna Arbib-Perugia.With both those candidates ruled out by the other side , the Americans could push for Oren , and Netanyahu for Steinitz . The wild card is Prosor , whose views and allegiances are the least known of the candidates.Another possible scenario is that no Jewish Agency chairman will be appointed . While the agency has a vice chairman in David Breakstone of the Masorti ( Conservative ) Movement , its bylaws are unclear about who would run the organization in such a case .
It is n't often that I fail to take credit for something I got right .
But I just noticed that the Federal Reserve issued a new policy prohibiting Fed officials from talking with the public soon after I wrote a series of columns about New York Fed chief William Dudley playing fast and loose with the old rules .
I 'm mentioning this because the head of the Richmond , Va. , Fed got jettisoned from his job earlier this month for having an inappropriate phone conversation with a Wall Street analyst .
In a column I wrote last week I complained that nobody cared when I caught Dudley having an “ informal ” dinner meeting in 2009 with a friend from Goldman Sachs during the so-called “ blackout periods ” before Fed policy meetings .
Well , it turns out that the Fed apparently did care . And just months after my first column about Dudley 's transgressions ( which I started writing about on Jan. 6 , 2011 ) , the Fed in Washington issued ( on June 22 , 2011 ) a new “ FOMC Policy on External Communications of Committee Participants . ”
Part of that statement says that Fed Open Market Committee “ participants will strive to ensure that their contacts with members of the public do not provide any profit-making person or organization … They will consider this principle carefully and rigorously in scheduling meetings with anyone who might benefit financially from apparently exclusive contact with Fed officials … ”
Access to new cholesterol-lowering drugs is so tightly controlled and patients ' out-of-pocket costs are so high that fewer than a third of those doctors prescribe the drugs get them , a new study found . Dreamstime TNS
By Andrea Dresdale
Kai Z. FengLucky for the people of Flint , Michigan , helping people is what Bruno Mars likes .
Bruno is donating $ 1 million from the ticket sales of his Saturday night show in Auburn Hills , MI to help the victims of the Flint water crisis . He stopped the show to make the announcement , and then said in a statement , “ It 's important that we do n't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster . As people , especially as Americans , we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again . ”
The money is being donated to The Community Foundation of Greater Flint , which is trying to address the issues caused by the water crisis . Among those issues : the health of the city 's children , who 've been exposed to lead .
A state of emergency was declared in Flint in January 2016 because of the town 's contaminated drinking water , caused by the mishandling of the water supply . Stars including Cher , Beyonce , Aretha Franklin , Pearl Jam and Madonna have donated money or services to aid the victims .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Music News
IPA in ‘ Big ' John Edwards ' corner for Pan Am C'ship
Guyanese powerlifter ‘ Big ' John Edwards has received support from International Pharmaceutical Agency ( IPA ) as he prepares to represent the country at the Pan American Powerlifting Championship from July 3-10 in Orlando , Florida .
Edwards will suit up against leading powerlifters from around the globe , and IPA said it is enthused to be in the athlete 's corner , noting that over the years it has sponsored many sporting activities such as Powerlifting , Bodybuilding , Karate and Rugby , a release informed .
“ Besides being a major Pharmaceutical distributor , the company strong believes that sport has a significant economic , political and cultural influence on our society , as it has the unique power to attract , mobilise and inspire , ” the company said in a statement .
Edwards , under the Universal Nutrition brand distributed by IPA , is the current heavyweight champion ( equipped and unequipped ) and will be attempting to break the current unequipped bench press world record of 467.5lbs , along with the Pan American and Commonwealth records of 529lbs and 451lbs respectively .
“ International Pharmaceutical Agency , along with fans of Mr. Edwards , is confident that he will make the country proud and wishes him success throughout the competition , ” the company statement concluded .
Edwards expressed appreciation for the support , noting that he is determined to be on the podium brandishing the Golden Arrowhead .
The Nasarawa State Government has said that no fewer than eight people have so far died following the recent outbreak of Lassa fever in the state . The Director of Public Health in the state 's Ministry of Health , Dr. Ibrahim Adamu , made this disclosure to the News Agency of Nigeria on Tuesday in Lafia . Adamu said , [ … ]
The post Lassa fever kills eight in Nasarawa appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again . That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken . While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family , finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming . Whether that perfect photo includes a beach , a fountain , a garden , or an archway , South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo .
FT Money Show presenter Claer Barrett and guests on the aftermath of the general election , profit warnings and why you may not be rich enough to hold a multi-currency bank account .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Summer is over for students at Clark County School District schools .
Summer is over for students at Clark County School District schools . Ahead of the first day of school , last minute back to school shoppers stopped by the Galleria mall .
“ I 'm nervous and anxious , ” fourth grader Aadyn Jaime said .
In contrast , fifth grader Mary Cris Solano said she looked forward to showing off her new wardrobe .
“ I love everything I bought from Justice , ” Solano said .
Third grader Kai Mares was looking forward to a change in pace .
“ I 'm excited to go to school because I was really board at the house when we did n't have anything to do in the summer , ” Mares said .
Parents said they were excited too .
“ I 'm happy for me , ” CCSD grandparent Alma Lumpkin said . “ I get to keep my days by myself while they 're at school . ”
“ I kind of miss them when they 're not home , ” CCSD mom Daylin Fraizer said .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Who would have thunk it ? “ Hedwig and the Angry Inch , ” a musical about an East German genderqueer rock singer , whose botched sex-change operation gives the show its title , would become an iconic stage hit ?
Since debuting in 1998 , the musical has won an Obie Award , Tony Award , spawned a smash-hit production in London 's West End and a successful U.S. tour that premiered in San Francisco in 2016 .
Now the rollicking , fourth-wall-battering show is coming to San Jose Stage , and it will be interesting to see how the troupe tackles “ Hedwig ” in its relatively intimate setting . Company mainstay Allison F. Rich makes her directorial debut in this production , starring Keith Pinto in the title role .
Details : In previews May 30-June 1 ; main run is June 2 through July 8 ; San Jose Stage ; $ 30- $ 65 ; 408-283-7142 , www.thestage.org .
German company expresses interest in Guyana 's health sector
A wealthy German industrial conglomerate Siemens is pushing for a stake in the local public health sector which has company officials predicting its “ positive future ” .
The three-person delegation which met recently with Public Health Minister Volda Lawrence and a high-level team , with the former rolling out its tentative plans which they felt can help accelerate modernisation plans for the country 's public health system .
“ Our purpose is to make health care providers succeed [ and to ] do more with less , ” Mr. Roberto Tovar , Business Partner Manager at Siemens Healthcare said during the meeting at the Lot 1 , Brickdam , Georgetown headquarters of the Ministry .
Tovar assured the Ministry 's delegation that the German conglomerate is not opportunistically angling to maximise profits from the financial fortunes of the much-anticipated transition to a petro-based economy following huge offshore oil finds by the American giant , Exxon Mobil here .
“ We want to be part of a society ; we get there to boost social impact , ” Mr Daniel Fernandez , Siemens CEO South America [ excluding Brazil ] , assured during the talks .
Fernandez said in Colombia , Siemens implemented programmes which helped provide some 300,000 nationals with access to potable water and worked in the education system to help make science and technology attractive to learners because globally , “ people are not attracted ” to those disciplines .
On this issue , Dr. Karen Cummings , Minister within the Ministry , challenged the German firm to familiarise themselves with the University of Guyana [ UG ] , especially its Natural Sciences department , to help strengthen programmes there like they have done in other countries .
The APNU/AFC coalition government wants to push leasing and where appropriate , retrofitting of equipment to improve health-sector services , Lawrence said .
“ This should not be a challenge…I see no limitations , ” Fernandez assured the Ministerial team which also included Deputy Permanent Secretary [ Finance ] , Mr Glendon Fogenay ; Ms Karen Yaw [ Planning ] ; Mr Phillip Bryan , [ Procurement ] .
Among some of the ambitious plans she outlined , included “ leasing of an entire laboratory…to bring [ improved ] service to our people. ” In addition , there are projections to “ fully equip ” the local reference laboratory to deliver a large range of services to Guyanese .
Large , newly-built hospitals in Barima/Waini [ Region One ] and East Berbice/Corentyne ( Region Six ) will offer a diverse range of services for those residents to narrow the gap with health services available in the capital . “ We want [ our ] people enjoy being healthy , ” Lawrence said .
She said the likely partnership with Siemens , which will prioritise fighting cancers , cardiovascular ailments and non-communicable diseases [ NCDs ] , is part of a wider long-term vision which includes upgrading systems in the sprawling hinterland , and “ is our priority for 2018 . ”
Siemens started in the late 19th century [ 1896 ] with manufacturing of industrial x-ray appliance for medical diagnostics . Since then the German firm has added a wide range of other products such as CLINISTIX-dry chemistry for testing for glucose in urine ; the first real-time ultrasound scanner ; track-based laboratory automation system ; Diagnostic analyser integrating four technologies in one system ; robotic-assisted angiography system ; multi-modality imaging 3D imaging system ; wide-angle image acquisition breast Tomosynthesis among other hi-tech services , a company document said .
Tomosynthesis is a method for performing high-resolution limited-angle tomography at radiation dose levels comparable with projectional radiography . It has been studied for a variety of clinical applications , including vascular imaging , dental imaging , orthopaedic imaging , mammographic imaging , musculoskeletal imaging , and chest imaging , ” an online source explains .
It said in its 120-year existence , the company has been granted some 12,500 patents globally ; amassed over 46,00 employees ; has access to 1.2 billion of the world 's population ; operate with an annual revenue of some £13.5Billion and is determined to add Guyana to the other 75 countries in which they permanent presence .
Importantly for the Ministry , Siemens offers point of care [ POC ] services which , according to the document , include multiple sites , hundreds of instruments , thousands of operators and “ provides full control over our customers ' testing environment ” .
The POC , the document said , also provides end-to-end eco-system solutions in prevention , critical care and consolidation and standardisation .
“ I can attest to the unparalleled value Siemens can bring to the local health sector , ” Guyana-born Mr. Mike Singh told the Ministry team . He said he has “ great patriotic fervor ” and would do anything “ to help expose Guyana 's health sector to modernization . ”
While in Guyana the team also had discussions with Minister of State , Mr. Joseph Harmon ; Minister of Public Infrastructure , Mr. David Patterson ; Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure , Ms. Annette Ferguson , and Natural Resources Minister , Mr. Raphael Trotman .
Q Regarding your column last week about autos driving onto light rail tracks at the intersection of Second and Santa Clara : I once worked in an office building overlooking this corner and witnessed almost daily autos pulling onto the tracks and then exiting at the first curb outlet down the street . Nothing new here , but surprised VTA does n't consider this a problem because nobody has been killed or injured ?
Ron Funkhouser
San Jose
A city has placed planters to make it clear that tracks run through here . Accidents are few , but a few more signs and some paint might help .
Q A few years ago I did exactly the same thing in downtown San Jose : turned left and went down the light rail tracks . I am not familiar driving down there , it was night and there were distractions in the car . I am not sure it was the same intersection as in your report but certainly in that area .
Frank Gurnee
Fremont
A And …
Q I 've seen someone drive onto the light rail tracks in downtown San Jose , and have almost done it myself . Better than planters would be a painted “ Wrong Way — Do Not Enter ” sign on the entrance to the tracks .
Karen Williams
Sunnyvale
A A few years ago Matt-the-Roadshow-Son had a job delivering wedding cakes . On a trip downtown , he too became confused and inadvertently drove onto the train tracks before realizing his mistake , throwing the small truck into reverse and getting out of there after another driver honked at him . While few accidents have been reported , it can be confusing to unaware drivers .
So folks and Matt , be careful out there .
Q I have been meaning to comment about Google bicyclists who I see whenever I walk at Shoreline Boulevard which is several times a year . In all that time , I literally have never seen a single Google bicyclist wearing a helmet . As a retired ER doc , I find that beyond stupid , as all it takes to turn what would be an otherwise benign fall and hitting one 's head on pavement or curb into a fatal accident is riding without a helmet . I just do n't get it as these are all very bright people who can well afford to buy a good helmet .
V. Patton
Saratoga
A Maybe not bright enough , eh ? In California , anyone under the age of 18 must wear a helmet when riding a bicycle on a street , bikeway or public bike path or trail . This includes kids who sit in restraining seats or are being towed in a trailer .
Q What is the difference between regular gas at various stations ? For example : the difference between Valero , Shell and Chevron . Prices vary widely for the same octane so why should n't we pay for the least expensive and ignore the pricier ones ?
Marcia Farris
A gas must meet federal standards , though some toss in additives that they claim boosts performance . So feel comfortable about filling up where ever .
Look for Gary Richards at Facebook.com/mr.roadshow or contact him at mrroadshow @ bayareanewsgroup.com or 408-920-5335 .
LONDON — Ireland says it will begin collecting almost $ 16 billion ) of back taxes from Apple , 19 months after the European Commission ruled that a tax deal with the tech giant amounted to illegal state aid .
The Commission ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014 , which it estimated at 13 billion euros plus interest . Ireland disagreed , saying the ruling undermined the integrity of the country 's tax system .
Related Articles Here 's how many jobs the Bay Area lost in March
H-1B : Group sues government for data on workers , companies
A news subscription for your iPhone ? Apple may launch one by 2019 : report
Supreme Court hearing case about online sales tax collection
This chip company decided it 's better to own than to rent in Silicon Valley But Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe says he will on Tuesday sign an agreement setting up the escrow account that will hold the payments while Apple and Ireland appeal . The payments should be completed by September .
Donohoe says the government “ fundamentally disagrees with the ruling , ” but “ Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard . ”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Barnwell to replace Reifer after Jaguar 's 3rd match
The Guyana Jaguars team , which commenced their mission to claim the 2018 CWI Regional Super 50 title with victories against Kent Country Cricket Club and USA thus far , will enter their fourth round of matches without Raymon Reifer , due to Windies duties , an official release from the Guyana Cricket Board informed .
However , the Jaguars will benefit from a fitting replacement in all-rounder , Christopher Barnwell , who will depart Guyana tomorrow , Sunday 4th February , 2018 to join the Jaguars team in Antigua .
The Jaguars next match will be tomorrow at Coolidge Cricket Ground , a day and night encounter against the Leeward Islands Hurricanes .
4/18/17 – 5:30 A.M .
You might hear fighter jets in the skies above the region this week . The 180th Fighter Wing of the Ohio Air National Guard says they 'll conduct training flights over northwest Ohio through Thursday . A release from the Guard says jets are taking off and landing from the base in Swanton until around 10 p.m. each day .
Pilots must conduct night operations as a part of their readiness training .
The North Las Vegas Police Department is scheduled to host a collection site for residents to safely dispose of prescription drugs .
The event is planned for Saturday at the Northwest Area Command Police Station , located at 3877 West Washburn Road , near Decatur Boulevard .
The event is a part of National Prescription Take Back Day , sponsored by the DEA Diversion Control Division , which aims to help educate residents about the protentional abuse of medications .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Suspected arms dealer for Paris attacks arrested in Spain MADRID — Spanish police have arrested a Frenchman suspected of supplying weapons to Paris attacker Amedy Coulibaly for use in the deadly January 2015 attacks in the French capital , the ...
Paris deli killer 's widow says she loves ISIS 'caliphate ' The fugitive French widow of the jihadist who gunned down shoppers in a Paris market says she is loving life in the “ caliphate ” — and said ISIS inspired a bloodlust ...
ISIS claims to have interview with French terrorist 's widow PARIS — The Islamic State group has published what it says is an interview with the widow of the French gunman who attacked a kosher supermarket and a police officer ...
Terrorist buried near Paris after Mali rejects corpse The jihadi terrorist who killed a cop and four hostages at a kosher grocery store was buried Friday near Paris after his native country of Mali rejected his body . Amedy ...
French terrorist 's sister teaches 'Booty Therapy ' classes A sister of the terrorist who murdered a French policewoman and four men in a kosher market ​in Paris is more Miley Cyrus than martyr for Muhammad . Maimouna Coulibaly , 39 , ...
Was the fugitive wife of a Paris terrorist caught on tape ? Hayat Boumeddiene , the common-law wife of the Paris grocery shop shooter and cop killer Amedy Coulibaly , has apparently been caught on video .
French forces motivated to avenge slain fellow cop French special forces said they were exhausted but motivated to avenge the slaying of their fellow cop as they gunned down the jihadi fanatic who killed four hostages at a ...
Paris grocery gunman tied to 3rd shooting pledged allegiance to ISIS PARIS — The shooting of a jogger in a Paris suburb on the same day as the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been linked to the gunman who killed a policewoman ...
French intelligence stopped surveilling terrorist cell last year The terrorist cell responsible for the carnage in France reportedly had been under close surveillance — but only until last July . The operation ended when French police decided members were ...
In only 39 years , the young man from the city of Rosario accomplished something not achieved by many who lived a century . He became part of the people 's history and remains so today .
| informacion @ granma.cu
Che 's Bolivian Diary contains entries from only the first week of October – the final days of the enduring life of the heroic guerilla . In his summary of the month of September , he wrote , “ The army is now showing its effectiveness in action and the bulk of campesinos wo n't help us at all , and are becoming informers . ”
The proximity of army forces in the area in which Che 's guerillas were moving was a constant theme in his notes , be it a result of chance sightings or news heard on the radio , which as is often the case in such situations , could well contain misinformation purposefully disseminated to put pressure on the revolutionaries .
Broadcast on the radio in fact ( October 4 ) , was a commentary that foreshadowed the events , projecting possible scenarios of a trial of the guerilla leader after his capture . The speaker did consider the fact that Che would not give himself up without a struggle , except in extraordinary circumstances like those that eventually occurred .
On October 5 and 6 soldiers were again sighted and the radio reported a disproportionate number of troops searching for the small number of guerillas . It was the prelude to the last note Che would write in his notebook .
October 7 , final entry : A chance encounter with a woman crossing their path through the mud and a radio report . Beyond this , the mention of four comrades , but no indication of desperation . This was the human being murdered in Bolivia 50 years ago , who had accumulated much experience in guerilla struggle , both in Cuba and on African soil .
The same man who in December of 1964 had summarized his internationalism in a few phrases before the United Nations General Assembly , saying “ … at the moment it may be necessary , I am willing to give my life for the liberation of any Latin American country , without asking anything of anyone . ”
Che Guevara during target practice
For Che , the idea of death , as part of the revolutionary struggle , was nothing foreign , nor a motive for fear . He was very clear : “ In a revolution , one triumphs , or one dies ( if it is a real one ) . ” He was true to this principle until the last moment of his life .
Since his untimely death , the tributes to the paradigm of a new man , in every corner of the globe , have not ceased .
In Cuba , 1968 was declared the Year of the Heroic Guerilla . For decades , youth departed for Africa and Latin America to complete internationalist missions , inspired by his example . Hundreds of thousands immortalize his likeness on clothes and in tattoos ; others venerate him like a saint ; more than a few are committed to disseminating his thought and work .
Guerrillas in Bolivia .
In only 39 years , the young man from the city of Rosario accomplished something not achieved by many who lived a century . He became part of the people 's history and remains so today , from the time of his travels across the continent of his birth , and his participation in the Cuban Revolution ( first as a Rebel Army Comandante and then playing a leadership role in the country ) to his departure to other lands calling for his contribution . Asking for nothing , and giving his all , he left much more than his celebrated “ Hasta la victoria siempre ” ( Forever onward to victory ) . His exemplary life and action are here . They never die .
Che Comandante
Not because you have fallen
is your light less bright .
A stead of fire
sustains your guerilla presence sculpted
in the wind and clouds of the Sierra .
Not because you are hushed are you silent .
Not because they burned you ,
because they concealed you beneath the earth ,
because they hid you in cemeteries , woods , barren plains ,
are they going to prevent us from finding you ,
Che Comandante ,
With its teeth of jubilation
North America laughs . A little early ,
stir in your deathbed of dollars .
Your laughter will freeze in a mask ,
and your great steeled body rises ,
disseminated among guerillas like horseflies ,
and your immense name wounded by soldiers
illuminates the American night
with a shooting star , fallen
amidst an orgy .
You knew it , Guevara ,
but you said nothing , out of modesty ,
to not talk about yourself ,
Che Comandante ,
You are everywhere . In the Indian
made of dreams and copper . In the Black
immersed in the maddened crowd ,
in the being of oil workers and salt miners ,
in the terrible abandon of the banana , in the great plains of leather ,
and in the sugar and salt of coffee plantations ,
you , immobile statue of your blood they shed ,
alive , against their wishes ,
Che Comandante ,
Cuba knows you by heart . Face
with a beard that lightens . And marble
and olive in the skin of a young saint .
A firm voice that directs without ordering ,
gentle and hard , of a comrade commander .
We see you every day minister ,
every day soldier , every day
easygoing and difficult ,
every day .
Pure as a child
or as a pure man
Che Comandante ,
You pass in your faded , torn ,
field uniform full of holes .
In the jungle , as it was before in the Sierra . Half bare
the powerful chest of guns and words ,
of fiery gale and gentle rose .
There is no rest .
Health , Guevara !
Or better yet , from the depths of America :
Wait for us . We will depart with you . We want to die
to live like you have died ,
to live like you live ,
Che Comandante ,
Nicolás Guillén
Sen. Shehu Sani ( APC Kaduna Central ) says the Progressives Congress may lose Kaduna State in the 2019 governorship election if the state government 's “ seeming anti people 's policies “ continue .
Sani spoke to newsmen in Kaduna on Tuesday shortly after he received complaints from traders on Governor Nasiru El-Rufai 's plan to demolish the famous Kasuwan Barci Market in Kaduna .
“ The anti-people policies of the APC administration in Kaduna state is sending people away , many people now only have faith in Buhari not in the party anymore .
“ Most programmes of government in the state are not in favour of the people and if it continues , APC will pay for it .
“ The current administration 's policies are only designed to please some certain group of people in the state , ” Sani claimed .
He urged the state government to shelve the plan to demolish the market , famous for its textile and second-hand clothing .
The Senator noted that demolishing such market with 4,800 shops at this time of hardship would spell doom for thousands of families .
“ I identify with the pains , concerns and fears of the traders and I appeal to the governor to think twice with a human heart over the issue .
“ We promised to deliver change to the country and as democrats , whatever we will do , we need to consult and carry the people along .
“ We can not treat people with arrogance and insolence and expect them to trust us again , ” Sani said .
According to him , the traders are angry and fear that if the market is demolished , it will be difficult for them to regain their shops back .
Sani , who is the Senate Committee Chairman on Domestic and Foreign Debts , advised El-Rufai to suspend the demolition plan and concentrate on completing projects he had started .
“ For all the project he started , he has not completed any . So , the mistake will be when he demolishes the market and there are no funds to reconstruct it , what will happen to the traders and the place ? “
He noted that most government activities would shut down by 2018 when political activities begin ahead of the 2019 general election .
“ The market had provided jobs for more than 30,000 men and women , with many youths off the street and engaged in tailoring , craft work and trading .
“ Engage the traders in reconstructing the market by giving them a specific design to reconstruct with a deadline , ” he suggested .
Sani told the traders that he would forward a memo to the governor on the issue and advised them to also seek dialogue with the state government to resolve the matter .
He also advised them to approach the state House of Assembly , religious leaders and human right organisations for intervention .
The Senator added that the traders also have the option of taking legal action if all efforts failed to stop the government plan .
The Chairman of the market traders union , Haruna Umar , said that the market with 4,800 shops records over N500m daily turnover .
Umar said there were more than 30,000 persons earning their livelihood from the market and demolishing it would be devastating to them and their families .
( NAN )
( Georgia Department of Corrections via AP ) . This combo of undated photos provided Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , by the Georgia Department of Corrections shows inmate Ricky Dubose , left , and Donnie Russell Rowe . A Georgia sheriff said officers were `` desperate ...
By KATE BRUMBACKAssociated Press
ATLANTA ( AP ) - The search for two Georgia inmates sought in the killing of their guards during an escape from a prison bus went into its third day Thursday and the scope of the manhunt is expanding .
Authorities do not know whether Donnie Rowe and Ricky Dubose are still in Georgia or still traveling together , Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills told reporters Wednesday .
`` They 've certainly had time to get out of the state , '' Sills said .
Sills said the two inmates overpowered and killed Sgt . Christopher Monica and Sgt . Curtis Billue early Tuesday on a bus that should have been secured as it carried inmates between prisons . The pair then carjacked a driver who pulled up behind the bus , and fled in his Honda Civic down state Highway 16 in Putnam County , southeast of Atlanta .
Signs of the fugitives turned up hours later and 25 miles north , in Madison , where they ransacked a house , ditched their prison uniforms , and took food and likely clothes as well . Then they stole a pickup truck from a nearby industrial site sometime between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday , Sills said .
That 's where the trail goes cold .
The Honda was found Wednesday , intentionally concealed in a wooded area near the burglarized house , Sills said . Authorities are asking the public to keep an eye out for the stolen 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX-5372 .
The FBI promised a `` comprehensive update '' on the investigation at a Thursday news conference with state and local law enforcement officials in Madison .
Meanwhile , Sills appealed for the public to help locate the truck and the fugitives , and to call 911 immediately if they spot them . He called them violent repeat offenders and extremely dangerous , having taken the guards ' 9 mm pistols .
`` They just murdered two corrections officers in a brutal fashion , '' Sills said . `` They 're not concerned with anything regarding human life . ''
Sills agreed with reporters that Dubose will have trouble hiding his prominent tattoos , which include crowns above his eyebrows , a star below his right ear and graffiti-style letters all across his neck . Sills said Dubose also has `` ghost '' tattooed on his right forefinger and `` face '' on his right pinky finger - signs of membership in the Ghost Face Gangsters .
Rowe , 43 , has been serving life without parole since 2002 , and Dubose , 24 , began a 20-year sentence in 2015 . Both were convicted of armed robbery and other violent crimes . They have been cellmates more than once in Georgia 's prisons , had known each other for `` quite a while '' and may have planned the escape together , Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said .
The other 31 inmates have been questioned , and a camera on the bus recorded the guards being shot , but corrections officials have not explained to the public how the pair managed to get through the normally locked door of the inmate compartment to attack the guards .
`` They were inside the caged area of the bus , '' Sills said . `` How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know . ''
The sheriff said he 's watched the bus video on a cellphone , and could n't immediately tell which inmate fired the fatal shots .
Monica , 42 , and Billue , 58 , were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison . Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007 .
`` Officer Billue 's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement , '' Jim Green , an attorney who 's speaking for the Billue family , said in an email Tuesday .
The reward for information leading to their arrest grew Wednesday to $ 115,000 , contributed by multiple agencies , Sills said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Former President , Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party , PDP 's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections . He said Buhari and his APC party can not beat PDP . The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London . General Overseer o ...
I was eight years old in 1990 , the year FBI video footage of Marion Barry , then mayor of our nation 's capital , showed him smoking crack in a hotel room with a woman other than his wife . I felt a deep connection to Washingtonians while listening to reports on the radio on the way to school when the news broke .
I grew up in Newark , New Jersey , a majority Black city chronically plagued with its own set of political and legal controversies . Barry , arguably the first notable civil rights era activist to assume leadership in political office of a major U.S. city , represented what 's possible in Black communities . Barry 's , and other Black leaders ' , rise to power following the Black Power Movement of the late 60 's and ‘ 70s symbolized an attainment of some wins , including political power . Black people continued rooting for Barry despite his conviction for cocaine possession . He served six months in prison , but after his prison release he regained the support of his constituency and was elected again as mayor in D.C. in 1994 .
More than a decade later , following Barry 's fall and return to glory , my hometown , Newark was inflicted by high rates of homelessness , poverty and the crime . Then mayor , Sharpe James , the former State Senator and second Black political leader elected as mayor in the city , was convicted and incarcerated for fraud and underselling city owned land to his mistress in 2008 . By the time of James ' conviction , unwavering support of Black political leaders in cities across the country waned .
Black people appeared to be exhausted by the letdowns—exhausted because sometimes we have exalted Black leaders who would do more harm than good and leap off of their pedestals shortly after their arrival .
The Black public 's inclination to support or defend Black political leaders had given way to disenchantment that seemed to persist up until the present . Black people appeared to be exhausted by the letdowns—exhausted because sometimes we have exalted Black leaders who would do more harm than good and leap off of their pedestals shortly after their arrival .
The recent wins of a new class of “ progressive ” Black Mayors like Chokwe Antar Lumumba of Jackson Mississippi , ‎LaToya Cantrell of New Orleans , Keisha Bottoms of Atlanta and Ras Baraka of Newark , however , may be an indication that the pendulum has shifted in the direction of optimism . In this moment , I 'm compelled to think about what the real possibilities and challenges are for these mayors and Black communities .
Black Leadership In The Age Of 45
Wide-scale progressive political action is seemingly under threat as the Trump administration continues to strip away basic provisions . The successful elections of trans , women , persons of color into various office on November 7th , however , suggest we may be on another path altogether .
The subsequent wins of Black women like Latoya Cantrell , a community organizer , and Keisha Bottoms , city council veteran both elected in major cities , also affirms a break in convention . Both women fought hard races defeating more conservative opposition and for this we should all be seriously hopeful .
Chokwe Antar Lumumba stands out as an example of this deviation from the political norm . A self-described revolutionary , Lumumba decided to run for mayor of Jackson , Mississippi , the state 's most populated city , after his father unexpectedly died in office . He ran on a fearlessly progressive agenda that disavowed the post-racial and post-partisan themes many Black leaders who have entered politics after the civil rights era embraced . Instead , Lumumba won by promising a radical political agenda merging his father 's legacy , which included healthy business development and job creation , along with developing opportunities for citizens to lead in decisions regarding the city budget .
The latter is an example of a progressive process that activists across the nation are fighting for in their own cities called “ participatory budgeting. ” In Jackson , Lumumba 's father developed a plan based on this process called the Jackson-Kush Plan and Chokwe intends to implement it . The question remains : Can these new leaders achieve their goals when the current POTUS , and his administration , is hell bent on rolling back progressive gains ?
Black Political Leaders Are Not Immune To The Problems Of Structural Oppression
After Marion Barry served his time and worked his way back into city hall , many white people could not understand how he had regained the trust of some in the Black community . For many Black people living in D.C. and beyond , though , it was clear . Barry 's struggles with addiction did not equal criminality or a lack of commitment to the Black political struggle .
A report by Frontline details that in 1979 the United States experienced a peak in drug use directly impacting almost 25 million residents , including many people of color . Black people understood that the issues impacting our communities were also affecting our leadership . This sense of interrelatedness continues to be present in Black communal dialogue .
[ T ] hese new leaders can not do the work alone , and should they try , it is the community 's job to hold them accountable .
During her acceptance speech , Atlanta 's new mayor , Keshia Bottoms eloquently stated , “ For all the little girls out there , who need somebody to believe that you 're better than your circumstances , I want you all to remember that Black Girl Magic is real , ” No truth is more real than this .
The present circumstances of any one person should never be used as a predictor for the future , but our collective circumstances can impact the future plight of Black leadership . In other words , these new leaders can not do the work alone , and should they try , it is the community 's job to hold them accountable .
The ability of this new class of Black mayors to create magic will depend on the collective abilities of their supporters . It will also require a willingness on the part of leaders to listen to the people . Residents must support newly elected officials by participating in visioning processes , advising on policy , supporting the allies of these mayors when they run for office and making financial contributions .. This wo n't be a challenge when community members are invited to join the process .
So What Are We Gon na Do ?
It 's worth repeating : We need to hold Black leadership accountable for results .
As we reengage Black political leadership in a hostile political environment , our success will be shaped by our willingness to hold Black leadership responsible for implementing the visions and policies we want them to actualize . In return for Black communal support provided to them , they must work .
The return for our support looks like ensuring our elected officials create policies and legislation that advances healing in our communities , as well as , policies that transforms the systems that continue to wreak havoc in Black spaces . The politicians mentioned throughout this piece campaigned on promises for reforms in criminal justice , health and education . Progressive candidates like Lumumba advocated for participatory budgets . These are the changes we should expect to see in the next few years .
The success of newly elected Black mayors hinges on our ability to support our leadership as they build toward a progressive , Black-loving future , in which representation ( namely , one 's blackness ) alone will not be enough to secure a people 's vote . We need leaders whose politics are grounded in a radical commitment to Black liberation , and should Black leaders not demonstrate such a commitment , we must push them forward or push them out .
Bryan Epps , a Newark native , is an innovative community and institution builder .
SEE ALSO :
5 Perfect Replacements For Matt Lauer On The ‘ Today ' Show
Virginia Man Who Yanked Black Woman From Car Forces ‘ Lone Wolf ' Insanity Acquittal
The Darkest Shore is the newest Nazi Zombies map released for Call of Duty : WW2 and it 's set on a fog-covered island . While the general idea of Nazi Zombies remains the same , users will need to contest with new horrors , quests , and traps that will certainly cause some trouble . However , after emerging from the corpse-filled trenches , we have come up with 10 tips and tricks to help you survive this hellish location . Keep in mind this wo n't detail every major quest , item location , or tactic and will be written under the assumption that you have knowledge of how Nazi Zombies works .
For a more general guide on this game mode , you can study up here .
1 . Learn the Map
This is a very obvious tip , but with the original zombie map there , was some room for error . However , The Darkest Shore is set mainly in trenches and confined hallways , which makes kiting zombies very tricky . This means that most hordes of the undead will either need to be dealt with directly or you 'll have to create a loop to ensure you do n't reach a dead end . Memorizing the twisting routes and trenches is incredibly important , especially as the rounds begin to climb .
Remember , there are also various minecarts that you can unlock and ride for only 250 Jolts . These are a great way to quickly escape a horde or move to different locations . If you go down the minecart in the later rounds there is a high chance of explosive zombies being on the tracks . You 'll have to kill them before they touch you to ensure that you do n't go down while on the actual cart .
2 . Use the Right Weapons
Having the right gun is always important in Nazi Zombies , but this is especially true in The Darkest Shore . The confined space allows specific weapons to absolutely shine , while others are quite useless despite being powerful . You want to avoid any semi-automatic or scoped rifles , simply due to the lack of long sightlines . Zombies will almost always be right in your face trying to kill you , so shotguns and submachine guns shine in the early to mid-game . When you start consider buying the Type 100 , MP40 , Combat Shotgun , or any LMG . These are wonderful for cutting down multiple opponents and can deal a good amount of burst damage when the undead come charging out of the fog .
Additionally , the Jack in the Box grenades is really , really good on this map . Throwing them in trenches will almost guarantee a massive multi-kill . Try to save these items for when someone gets downed or when you are trying to complete specific objectives like wait for the revived man 's door to open in the submarine bay .
3 . Respect the Fog
One of the new features in The Darkest Shore is a weather effect that will roll in every few rounds . This fog will heavily limit your visibility and give the undead horde a significant advantage against you . When this happens you need to make sure not to wander off on your own , because it 's easy to get ambushed and killed . Instead , treat the fog as a mini break period and focus on simply surviving . Unless you are literally about to finish an objective , shift your attention to simply surviving the round and slaying the zombies rushing you .
Keep in mind the fog does not go inside , so you can make your way down to the submarine bay and defend there . This has enough room to kite the zombies and will let you see them coming from a distance . There 's also a chance that a super zombie with multiple arms will spawn and begin to chase you down . If you see this creature , do n't panic . Simply move your team into an area with more space and focus your attention on this beast .
4 . Blitz Upgrades Matter
It 's important to always have Blitz upgrades when playing Nazi Zombies , but some are simply better than others on this map . Armor should always be the first thing you purchase regardless , but consider buying the increased weapon damage first . KugelBlitz will cost you 2,000 Jolts and is located at the top of the stone path by the cliffs . Since your rather confined , increasing the weapon damage while using a shotgun can let you quickly cut through multiple zombies at once . This is also true for SMGs which usually have a lower base damage . Giving these a small damage boost will certainly make your life way easier in The Darkest Shore .
Another Blitz upgrade we recommended grabbing early is the one that discharges an electrical shock when you reload . You will almost always have zombies swarming you on this map , so being able to shock everyone around you is a great tool . The closed in environment lets you absolutely wreck hordes of ghouls that are chasing after you . This perk is especially useful for the submarine room where you have to reattach the soldier 's head . Since you 'll be locked in here for a fairly lengthy period , the multiple shocks from a team of four can quickly wipe out the zombies climbing over the railings .
5 . Get the Ripsaw
The Ripsaw is a stupidly powerful special weapon . Firing saw blades at zombies it will instantly kill pretty much any enemy it hits . What makes this item great is that it will cut through multiple foes at once and clear entire groups . Even with a low ammo capacity , the Ripsaw is quite potent and should be the first major quest you focus on . To assemble this weapon you will need to go through multiple steps which includes :
Collecting the Saw Blade
Collecting the Handle
Charge the Ripsaw via killing zombies by the workbench
Purchase for 2,500 Jolts
You can find the saw blade on a dead body inside the power station by the Pack-a-Punch machine . The handle spawns in one of three random locations every game . It will always be in the bunker by the second power station by the bunk beds , record players , or tables . After this , head down to the workbench and then kill the zombies approaching you to charge it . Once fully charged you can buy this powerful weapon and cut your foes to pieces . Seriously , this weapon is really good and it 's worth the time/risk to craft .
For more Call of Duty : WW2 guides , features , and news make sure to visit Heavy 's gaming section .
One of the horses seized from a Valley home is shown on Jan. 22 , 2018 . ( Jason Westerhaus/FOX5 )
A round up of 200 wild horses in the Cold Creek area of Wheeler Pass Joint Management Area , northwest of Mount Charleston , was scheduled for May 14 .
USDA Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management said in a joint statement that extreme drought conditions and lack of food were the reasons for the relocation .
`` The wild horse population has increased beyond the area 's limited forage resources , '' Bill Dunkelberger , Forest Supervisor of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest , said . “ Many of the animals are in very poor condition , and we do not expect the situation to improve any time soon . ''
Water is available for the animals , but they have to travel extensively to find decent sources of food , according to the Forest Service and BLM .
The Forest Service and BLM said they have planned to move the horses to a temporary holding facility where they will receive health assessments and feeding .
After the horses have been properly taken care of and are medically cleared by veterinarians , they will be taken to a BLM holding facility in Ridgecrest , California , the groups said . Some horses will be put up for adoption .
Both offices stressed that the horses must be adjusted first before any escorted tours are scheduled to happen .
“ The Forest Service and BLM are committed to the safe and humane treatment of these wild horses throughout the emergency gather operations , ” Dunkelberger said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Brazilians asked to vote on secession move
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Film stars such as Radhika Apte and Usha Jadhav have spoken out in a new documentary over their concerns about sexual harassment in the Indian film industry and fears that victims are too scared to come forward .
In a BBC World News report to be aired over this weekend , Apte and Jadhav are among those who have opened up about the culture of silence in Bollywood , mainly because its stars are so revered .
`` Some people are regarded as gods . They are so powerful that people just do n't think that my voice is going to matter , or people think that if I speak , probably my career is going to get ruined , '' Apte tells BBC 's Rajini Vaidyanathan in `` Bollywood 's Dark Secret '' .
Asked what she thought about the # metoo campaign against harassment in Hollywood , the `` Pad Man '' star added : `` The way the women , and the men of course , came together and decided that as a team we are not going to let this happen , I wish that could happen here . ''
Vaidyanathan has also spoken to actresses who have faced unwanted advances as well as stars who believe a dark secret lies behind Bollywood 's glamour . Marathi award-winningactress Jadhav reveals that it is common for powerful men in the industry to demand sexual favours . Describing one conversation , she says that she was told she would need to give something in return for the opportunity she had been given .
I said something as in 'what ? I do n't have money ' . He said no , no , no , no it 's not about money , it 's about that you need to sleep with , maybe it can be a producer , maybe it can be a director , it can be both too , she said .
The documentary also interviews a 25-year-old aspiring actress who left her small village to chase her Bollywood dream , but says she was molested on a number of occasions , including the first time she met a casting agent .
`` He started telling me that for an actress you should be happy to have sex as and when possible and embrace your sexuality , '' she is quoted as saying in the documentary .
`` He touched me wherever he wanted , he kissed me wherever he wanted and I was shocked . He put his hand inside my clothes so I asked him to stop and he said : Do you know what , if you really want to work in this industry I do n't think you 've got the right attitude , '' she added .
The documentary will be aired around the world on Saturday and Sunday .
Credits - PTI
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
LAUDERHILL ( CBSMiami ) – A massive crane collapsed onto several homes in Lauderhill , Florida .
The sudden collapse took place around 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday .
The truck that the crane was situated in could be seen toppled on its side .
According to authorities , the crane was there for a power pole installation by Florida Power & Light .
It happened in the area of 4371 Northwest 11th Street .
Lauderhill Fire Rescue Captain Jerry Gonzalez told CBS4 that there were two confirmed injuries but he was not sure if anyone was being transported to a hospital .
The crane operator also received minor injuries .
FPL released a statement shortly after the collapse :
“ We are aware of a serious incident that happened in Lauderhill earlier today . Unfortunately , a crane operated by a contractor tipped over onto two homes while installing power poles . We are unable to provide any further information on this incident , please contact Lauderhill Fire Rescue regarding their investigation . ”
Images from Chopper4 show the crane sprawled across at least three homes in the residential neighborhood .
Gonzalez also said firefighters were checking the damaged homes for any additional injuries .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- A 17-year-old is suspected of breaking into and stealing from cars in the Hyde Park neighborhood . After he tried to run away , officers caught up with him at 31st and Charlotte streets .
Some people who live there said crimes like that happen so often , they 've dubbed similar thieves as “ The Glass-Smashing Gang . ”
Jamel Malone lives on Armour Boulevard and parked overnight on Charlotte Street , where Kansas City Police said about a half-dozen cars were broken into Tuesday morning .
Malone said the thief stole about $ 30 in cash from him .
`` We want to protect each other 's communities and be advocates for the neighborhoods we live in , and it 's hard to do that when we 're terrorizing the streets that we live in , '' Malone said .
Malone 's neighbors were also hit by the alleged thief .
`` This is the third time for us , '' Michael Veal said .
Veal said his car and his wife 's car were broken into Tuesday . They have two smashed windows to replace . After seeing all of this , Veal 's wife came up with the `` The Glass-Smashing Gang '' name .
`` That 's because it 's been going on for quite a while all over Hyde Park , '' Veal said .
KCPD Sgt . Michael Foster said car break-ins happen all over the city , and especially in the central division , which includes Hyde Park , Wesport , the Plaza and Power & Light .
`` We have the largest population in one area at one time , '' Foster said , `` so we have the largest number of car break-ins . ''
Foster said police get more than 100 calls about car break-ins a week . He said there may actually be more instances than that as it 's one of the most under-reported crimes .
Last year , police responded to more than 4,000 reports of thefts from cars all over the city . This year , there 's already been more than 1,200 . Foster expects an uptick now with more people doing things outside .
`` We 're at the high peak , '' he said . `` It 's warmer weather . ''
Police are asking people not to leave anything of value in their cars . And if you do , lock it up in your trunk out of sight .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A man and woman were arrested for child endangerment and possession of marijuana with the intent to sell . NBC 7 's Astrid Solorzano reports .
A Poway couple was arrested and their baby was taken into protective custody Sunday after a house fire revealed an illegal marijuana grow , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department said .
Deputies say there were more than 100 marijuana plants growing in three bedrooms of the home on Amso Street . The neighborhood is east of Pomerado Road and south of Palomar Medical Center Poway .
Sheriff 's deputies responded to a call of what sounded like an explosion around 4 a.m .
A woman was seen running out of the house while carrying an infant , deputies said . Her husband was inside the home , battling the flames .
The husband left the home but then attempted to run back into the fire , deputies said . He was taken into custody and transported to Pomerado Hospital for evaluation .
After putting out the fire , the deputies discovered the marijuana plants inside the home .
They were in various stages of growth , deputies said .
The couple was charged with child endangerment . The husband was also charged with possession and cultivating marijuana with the intent to sell .
The 1-year-old infant was taken into protective custody and released to the Polinsky Center .
“ My first thought is they put the infant 's life in danger , ” said neighbor Shari Foster . “ I hope the baby [ has ] a place to stay where it 's very safe . ”
Asif Ali 's next big release is expected to be Iblis , which has been directed by young film-maker Rohith VS , who had made his debut as a film-maker with the movie Adventures Of Omanakuttan , which also featured Asif Ali in the lead role .
Popular actress Madonna Sebastian will be seen essaying the role of the leading lady in the movie . Actor-director Lal is also a part of the cast list . Most recently , the makers of Iblis had come up with a brand-new poster , which revealed Lal 's look from the movie and he is seen in an all new look .
It seems like Lal will be seen essaying the role of Asif Ali 's grandfather in the movie . The note that was revealed in connection with the release of the poster also suggests the same . Take a look at the Facebook post of Asif Ali here .
Reportedly , Asif Ali will be seen essaying a character named Vysakhan in Iblis . At the same time , Madonna Sebastian plays a character named Fida in the movie .
Earlier , certain reports had suggested that the film has its story set in the 1980s and the new posters of the movie also suggest the same . Reportedly , Iblis will be hitting the big screens on August 03 , 2018 .
Elon Musk 's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. is preparing to resume rocket launches on Jan. 8 , according to industry officials , using revised operational procedures developed in response to a fiery accident that occurred during routine ground preparations last fall .
The tentative blastoff date for the Falcon 9 from North California 's Vandenberg Air Force Base is subject to results of testing later this week , these officials said , and still could change .
But if everything checks out , they said , Iridium Communications Inc. , IRDM , -4.00 % which has been eagerly waiting to get the first 10 of its next-generation communications satellites into orbit since the September 2016 fireball , anticipates a launch next Sunday morning .
SpaceX blast probe focuses on fueling procedures ( 1:23 ) Investigators believe that the SpaceX Falcon 9 blast last month was likely caused by issues linked to fueling procedures rather than manufacturing flaws . However , they say it is too early for definitive answers . Photo : USLaunchReport.com
SpaceX , as the closely held Southern California company is called , previously said the explosion on the launchpad , which destroyed the rocket and a single commercial satellite , was the result of problematic fueling procedures rather than a design or manufacturing flaw .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com
Now read : Elon Musk plans crazy 2017 for Tesla , but SolarCity may be the biggest headache
Popular on WSJ.com :
Re-Energized Dollar Looms Over the Rest of the World
The Fable of Edward Snowden
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Getty
Christian Pulisic 's breakaway goal in the eighth minute has given the United States a 1-0 lead over Panama . Check out the goal here !
'It was a special night for every England fan - we 're not ready to come home yet '
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
PEMBROKE PINES ( CBSMiami ) – A Pembroke Pines mother is under arrest after police said she was passed out drunk in her vehicle with her two young children in the backseat .
Police were called out to an apartment complex off SW 118th avenue and 16th street Sunday afternoon .
Neighbors said Carolina Buitrago , 39 , was passed out in the front seat of her gray Honda Accord with the engine off and her 2 and 4-year-old boys were in the backseat sweating .
“ I just saw when the police were here and the boys came into my apartment and we hung out for a few hours , ” said Michael Georges , a neighbor who knows the two little boys .
Georges was one of several Good Samaritans who stepped up to the plate to help out the boys when their mother was arrested .
“ The mother abused the boys in the car . She was intoxicated . She was arrested and when I came outside the boys were outside playing with the police officers . The police officers were watching the kids , ” said Georges .
Georges said the boys started playing with his dog until child protective services came .
“ I was walking my dog , Arnold , and they were playing with my dog . They like to play with my dog when I 'm outside walking . And my mom , she 's a social worker so the police officers allowed us to watch the kids until child protective services came , ” said Georges .
According to the police report , Buitrago admitted to buying a bottle of vodka earlier in the day and driving around with her children .
Police said the 4-year-old boy had scratches on his left leg . He told officers his mother pinched him for no reason .
A neighbor also watched her hit him , according to the police report .
“ They 're kids so they 're innocent so they were immune to the whole situation . I was amazed at how little they knew about what was going on . But they had some bruises on their legs , ” said Georges .
Georges said for the couple of hours the boys were with him and his mother , trying to make the best of a terrible situation .
“ Playing some video games . We ate , watched some TV . Just tried to keep them entertained , ” said Georges .
Buitrago is charged with child abuse , child neglect and resisting arrest .
Aaron Hernandez is no longer around to explain himself , but figures from his past are trying to separate the fact from the fiction in the life of the former Patriots star and convicted murderer .
In the 11 months since the 27-year-old hanged himself in prison , there have been unconfirmed rumors about the sexuality of the former Pro Bowler , and a new documentary features allegations from strong sources stating he struggled with his orientation .
In Oxygen 's “ Aaron Hernandez Uncovered , ” a former girlfriend and one of his attorneys reveal their dealings with Hernandez , both alleging he had suggested he was gay .
Alyssa Anderson , who dated Hernandez while they attended the University of Florida , said they connected again years after splitting , after she heard he was arrested in connection with the murder of semiprofessional football player Odin Lloyd . They communicated through letters , in which Hernandez allegedly opened up to her .
“ He admitted to being molested as a kid , ” Anderson said . “ But he never dealt with it . It led to issues in his sexuality . ”
Anderson alluded to Hernandez having a relationship with a man in college , though she did not speak explicitly .
“ Back in college there were text messages I saw on his phone when he came back from a trip to Connecticut , ” she said . “ There was a male , did n't have a name , did n't say too much , but it was a relationship with somebody . And when I questioned about it , he always denied it .
“ In one of the letters he opened up about it , and he did admit to it . ”
Hernandez was engaged to Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez , with whom he had a child . When presented with the allegations of his sexual orientation , she said she “ was confused . I still kind of am. ” Jenkins-Hernandez is specially thanked in the credits of the documentary , which aired this weekend .
George Leontire , who was a member of Hernandez 's defense team and who is gay , said he talked with Hernandez about his sexuality .
“ This man clearly was gay , ” said Leontire , who spoke offhandedly but did not further detail their conversations . “ Acknowledged . Acknowledged the immense pain that it caused him . I think that he also came out of a culture that was so negative about gay people that he exhibited some self-hatred . ”
Unmetered 45KVA electricity users can ignore estimation , not residential – ANED
Daily Trust
The Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors ( ANED ) said the directive that unmetered customers should stop paying estimated bills applies only to large power users from 45KVA , and not for residential customers . In a statement on Wednesday …
and more »
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
DAVIE ( CBSMiami ) — A 9-year-old boy , riding his bike to school , got pinned under a vehicle and dragged .
Thankfully , that boy is alive but has some serious injuries .
CBS4 's Carey Codd spoke to his mother about the incident she hopes others will learn from .
Davie Police released surveillance video showing the incident .
Officers say a witness told them the driver was on her cellphone and when she made a right turn , out of a parking lot , she ran over Ming Lin and his bicycle and dragged him several hundred feet .
The child suffered injuries to his shoulder , leg , teeth and wrist .
Police say he was trapped under the car and had to be removed .
His mom showed Codd his torn up shirt and book bag . She wishes the driver had apologized to her and her son .
“ People do like that…hit my son , no come and say sorry You think the driver should have come and said she was sorry , ” said his mother Bilin Lin .
Davie Police say the driver of the car did remain on scene .
Charges against the driver are pending .
Questions , Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn @ comcast.net
Katy Perry and Russell Brand attend John Galliano Pret a Porter show as part of the Paris Womenswear Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2010 at Halle Freyssinet on Oct. 7 , 2009 . Eric Ryan / Getty Images Contributor
Holly Kearl of Washington D.C. non-profit , Stop Street Harassment , meanwhile ,
points to a case where a teenager was charged in connection with upskirting photos taken of women who were riding the escalator at various Metro stations in Maryland just last week
According to Christina Gagnier , a California based lawyer and advisor for the anti-cyber exploitation non-profit
Without My Consent , laws on upskirting differ from state to state in the U.S ..
In California , for example , upskirting falls under and is covered by the non-consensual distribution of intimate photos , ” Gagnier says .
More than
30 states have moved on the wider issue of “ non-consensual pornography ” which accounts for issues like upskirting and revenge porn , Gagnier adds .
But like in England , there remain places where the law was never designed to contemplate issues like upskirting , which have become prominent with modern tools like camera phones and selfie sticks .
Susan Gallagher , a professor of political science who specializes in gender , privacy and politics at the University of Massachusetts Lowell , says many uskirting cases in the U.S. rely on older laws and have hinged upon what degree of privacy a victim can expect in a public place .
“ [ The best solution would be ] a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level ”
She points to a 2016
case in Georgia where a man was found not guilty of taking upskirting photos in a grocery store . Under voyeurism laws in the state at the time , such images were only illegal if they occurred “ in any private place and out of public view . ”
Some states with similarly worded laws have tried to argue that the “ private place ” is the woman 's body , Gallagher continues . But seeing as that is not how those laws were intended when written that interpretation “ has n't really held , ” she said .
Georgia subsequently moved to
amend its laws and as of May upskirting is now illegal in the state .
Gagnier says she wishes the issue did n't have to be legislated upon but believes the best solution would be “ a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level so victims have access to justice down both of those paths . ”
She says that would be the case if a
2016 bill introduced by California Congresswoman Jackie Speier on non-consensual pornography were to become law .
Back in England , McGlynn highlights laws that have been introduced in Scotland and the Australian state of Victoria as key examples to be followed by U.K. legislators .
Gina Martin / NBC News
Martin , meanwhile , says her campaign has received messages of support from lawyers and lawmakers in the U.K. parliament . Ideally , she wants upskirting to be regarded as a sexual offense .
“ If it was classed as a sexual offence a lot more women would start reporting it as they could do so anonymously , ” she says .
Yet just raising the issue and speaking to other women has been a reassuring experience for Martin , even though she has received abuse from trolls on various social media channels as well .
“ I got so many messages from women who this has happened to , so it 's obviously a really big issue , ” she says .
“ Girls as young as 15 [ told me it has happened to them ] . They did n't know what to do . So this is why I really want to push it , ” she adds .
The closure will allow road crews to fix a bump on the northbound approach to the railroad tracks . Southbound traffic will not be affected .
According to Mt . Juliet police Capt . Tyler Chandler , detour routes will be in place , and officers will be on hand to watch the traffic situation . Motorists traveling north on Mt . Juliet Road are encouraged to avoid the railroad track crossing by detouring down Industrial Drive , Clemmons Road or Golden Bear Gateway .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Airbnb faces $ 400m lost bookings in London crackdown
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Shriya And Andrei Make For A Lovely Couple
Shriya looked mesmerizing in a beautiful lehenga and jewellery while Andrei looked every bit dashing as a Indian groom . We must say they make for a 'lovely pair ' .
Lost In Each Other 's Eyes
Another candid click which has the 'just-married ' couple looks completely lost in each other 's eyes . Is n't this very romantic ?
Relationship Goals
We hear that post the wedding , Shriya 's better half Andrei Koscheev said some beautiful lines for her in Hindi while the guests rooted for him . He said , `` If someone loves you , they love you for who you are . If they try to change you in love , it is not love but compromises . '' Professing his love , he further added , `` Shriya 's love makes me better every day . '' Aww , we can already feel our heart melting !
The Wedding Invite
Meanwhile , here 's a glimpse of Shriya 's wedding invite for her destination wedding .
A Picture From Her Haldi Ceremony
That 's Shriya for you . Do n't miss that bridal glow on her !
Colors & More
A picture of Shriya and her aunt from the Holi party before her D-day .
A Click From Their Sangeet Night
Seen here are Andrei and Shriya cheering for their friends who performed at their sangeet night .
Velaikkaran , the upcoming Sivakarthikeyan starrer , is one of the most anticipated Tamil projects of the year . The much-awaited first teaser of the movie , which is produced by 24AM Studios , will be released at 6 PM , today ( 14th August ) .
The movie , which marks the first collaboration of Thani Oruvan director Mohan Raja with 24AM Studios , will feature Nayanthara in the female lead . Popular Malayalam actor Fahadh Faasil will make his Kollywood debut , as the lead antagonist of the movie .
The recently released official posters of Velaikkaran was widely accepted by the Tamil audiences . Expectations are riding high on the project , which deals with social issues . The movie , which is written by Mohan Raja himself , is the second production outing of 24AM Studios , after Remo .
Sivakarthikeyan essays the central character Arivu , while Fahadh Faasil appears in the role of Aadhi . Nayanthara will essay the role of Mrinalini , Arivu 's lady love in the movie , which also features popular actress Sneha appears in a pivotal role .
In a surprise move , Marathon Pharmaceuticals told patient advocates this week that it would `` pause '' the launch of its drug Emflaza because of pricing concerns expressed by patients and advocacy groups .
The drugmaker had announced an $ 89,000 annual price tag for its newly approved drug last week but patients and lawmakers immediately cried foul .
Jack Willis , center , Nolan Willis , right , and Max LeClaire , bottom , have Duchenne muscular dystrophy . They attended the opening for Sarepta Therapeutics new global headquarters in Cambridge on June 2 , 2014 . Boston Globe / Boston Globe via Getty Images
`` What you 're doing is robbing my insurance company , '' said Dana Edwards , a mother from New Jersey whose 12-year-old has taken deflazacort , the generic version of the drug , since he was five years old .
Newly approved Emflaza treats Duchenne muscular dystrophy , a rare , devastating neuromuscular disorder . Patients have been importing the generic version of the drug from overseas for about $ 1,200 a year .
A statement read to a conference of parents , patients and advocates in Washington , D.C. , and attributed to Marathon CEO Jeffrey Aronin said : `` Our goal in commercializing Emflaza all along has been to make it available to that broader set of patients who is a prior to FDA approval have not had access to the therapy … We are pausing our launch , which has not yet taken place . We have not sold any new product and will pause that process . ''
Pat Furlong , the president and founder of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy , which sponsored the Monday morning conference , read the statement to an outraged crowd in a conference room at the Mayflower Hotel .
“ What you 're doing is robbing my insurance company . ”
The company will continue to offer patients an expanded access program , Furlong read , which allows about 800 patients to receive the drug from the company . More can join that program for free , and patients can continue importing drugs from Canada or `` wherever they are getting it , '' the statement said .
Furlong told the audience that complaints from patients helped to prompt Marathon 's action : `` Since last week 's approval , they 've heard from all of us , '' he said .
Late Monday , Marathon released a statement and open letter to the Duchenne community , elaborating on its goals of patient access and promising that `` price should not be a barrier . ''
Hunter Gandee , 14 , and his brother Braden Gandee , 7 , Thursday , May 8 , 2014 , at Bedford Junior High School in Bedford , Mich . The two will be making a walk to Ann Arbor in June to raise awareness for muscular dystrophy , which affects Braden . Jeremy Wadsworth / The Toledo Blade via AP
`` Put simply we expect patients will pay a standard copay of typically $ 20 or less per prescription , '' the statement reads .
The company also heard from Capitol Hill . On Monday morning , Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , and Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , sent a letter to Marathon demanding answers about the $ 89,000 price tag for a drug that has been routinely used by Duchenne patients since at least 2005 .
Related : Advocates for Muscular Dystrophy Drug Pack Meeting
`` We believe Marathon is abusing our nation 's 'orphan drug ' program , which grants companies seven years of market exclusivity to encourage research into new treatments for rare diseases — not to provide companies like Marathon with lucrative market exclusivity rights for drugs that have been available for decades , '' Sanders and Cummings wrote .
Orphan drugs are medicines targeted at people with rare diseases , which often carry very high price tags . Emflaza was approved last Thursday for treating Duchenne disease . The drug is a steroid that manages symptoms for Duchenne 's sufferers ; it does not cure the underlying disease .
In January , Kaiser Health News published an investigation that found that the orphan drug program intended to help desperate patients is being manipulated by drugmakers . While the companies are n't breaking the law , they are using the Orphan Drug Act to secure lucrative incentives and gain monopoly control of rare disease markets , the investigation found .
Related : FDA Approves Controversial Muscular Dystrophy Drug
Republican Rep. Robert Aderholt , the chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee that funds the FDA , said the 6,000 percent increase in deflazacort 's price `` makes me question whether the current construct of how FDA approves orphan drugs does more harm than good if companies have found a way to game the system . ''
In addition to orphan status , the FDA gave Marathon a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher , which the company can sell for millions of dollars to another drugmaker who can use it to expedite their own drug 's approval .
“ We believe Marathon is abusing our nation 's ‘ orphan drug ' program . ”
At Monday 's meeting , Marathon executives presented a slideshow to a packed room that detailed different patient financial assistance programs as well as the drug 's expected availability . Emflaza was expected to be on the market by mid-March , said Eric Messner , vice president of sales and marketing for Marathon .
Messner explained that the drug would cost between $ 50,000 to $ 54,000 after rebates and discounts . And he emphasized that Marathon did not expect patients to pay that price . `` We expect that patients will experience a low or zero out-of-pocket experience . I know there has been a lot of discussion about that . How did we arrive at the price ? '' Messner said . An audience member interrupted Messner asking if the company had talked to patients and families about the price .
He offered assurance that they did and said there would be an ongoing dialogue with patient groups .
Edwards , the New Jersey mother , said she hopes President Donald Trump will fulfill his vow to bring down high drug prices .
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News , a national health policy news service that is part of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente . KHN 's coverage of prescription drug development , costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
FT LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) – Thousands of Fourth of July revelers on Ft. Lauderdale beach were n't going to let a few dark clouds , and the threat of rain , dampen their fun .
The party kicked off at noon on the beach between SE 5th Street and Las Olas Boulevard . There are games , family activities , and , of course , music .
Most planned to stay after dark and catch the spectacular offshore fireworks show .
If you are thinking about going to the beach to catch the show , there are a couple of things you need to be aware of .
First , while there are no road closures , expect heavy traffic and delays . Police officers are stationed at all nearby main intersections and crosswalks to assist with pedestrians and traffic . Park only in designated areas because parking violations are being strictly enforced . Public parking lots will fill early , therefore , water shuttles/taxis and land public transportation are highly recommended .
Also , glass bottles are strictly prohibited on the beach and alcohol can only be consumed in the event area .
Finally , leave the fireworks at home . No fireworks of any kind , including sparklers , are allowed on the beach .
Smriti 's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years , and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actress Smriti Irani took a dig at it . The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani , who played the role of Tulsi became a household name !
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti 's post , Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show . She rather trolled the character Mihir , that was often played by different actors . The director said , `` Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the '' , which translates to , each week a different person played Mihir 's role . - ( sic )
Smriti Irani 's Reply To Ekta 's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir 's role being played by different actors each week , Smriti Irani replied , `` tell me about it ! ! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya . '' - ( sic )
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Her Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with her fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years . She took to her Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as , `` 18 years ago this day @ starplus and @ sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @ smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ ronitboseroy @ shobha9168 @ rajeshjoshi n all who made this show # 18yearsofkyunkiandkbc # 18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi '' - ( sic )
One Of The Longest Running Shows !
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes ! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways . Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show ? Write in the comments below .
Trump speaks on Charlottesville : 'Racism is evil '
hello
WASHINGTON -- Under pressure all weekend , President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned hate groups as `` repugnant '' and declared `` racism is evil '' in an updated , more forceful statement on the deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after his previous remarks bemoaning violence on `` many sides '' prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats . The president described members of the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as `` criminals and thugs '' in a prepared statement from the White House .
In his remarks he also called for unity .
`` We must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence . We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans , '' he said .
His attorney general , Jeff Sessions , said earlier Monday that the violence in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters , killing one person , `` does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute . ''
He told ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' : `` You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America . ''
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday , as well as officials from the FBI . The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule .
`` We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility , '' Sessions told `` CBS This Morning . ''
In the hours after the incident on Saturday , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that he condemns `` in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ''
The U.S. military drastically stepped up its air campaign in Yemen last year , conducting more than six times as many airstrikes as in 2016 , according to data from U.S. Central Command ( CENTCOM ) .
In addition to the airstrikes , the Pentagon also acknowledges there is now a small intermittent U.S. military presence inside Yemen .
In 2017 , the U.S. military carried out 131 airstrikes , both manned and unmanned , against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) and ISIS in Yemen , the data shows . That 's up from 21 strikes in 2016 , the last year of the Obama administration . There have been at least 10 additional strikes since Jan. 1 .
The airstrikes were carried out by drones , AC-130 gunships and fighter-bombers .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What went wrong during Yemen raid that killed Navy SEAL Ryan Owens ? 10:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A senior U.S. intelligence official said the increased level of activity `` has killed fighters , eviscerated AQAP 's propaganda network , cut off external support and enabled UAE partners to regain territory . ''
The official confirmed an earlier U.S. military report that more than 50 ISIS fighters were killed in one October raid alone .
The increase is the result of a policy change by President Donald Trump almost immediately after taking office in January 2017 .
Soon after the Trump administration took office , it declared parts of Yemen as well as neighboring Somalia to be `` areas of active hostilities , '' giving the U.S. military more leeway to target terrorists from the air and on the ground without White House approval .
Yemenis stand on the rubble of a building destroyed by a U.S. drone air strike targeting al Qaeda militants in the southeastern Yemeni province of Shabwa on Feb. 3 , 2013 . Khaled Abdullah / Reuters file
Initially , the Pentagon operated off a target list developed during the transition between the Obama and Trump administrations . That target list focused almost exclusively on AQAP . Some additional strikes were conducted in support of counterterrorism operations by the special forces of the United Arab Emirates and Yemen , according to a senior intelligence official . As the year progressed , both air and ground strikes increased .
The U.S. launched a massive SEAL Team 6 operation in January the week after Trump was inaugurated . One Navy SEAL was killed and five were wounded in that raid . In addition , 29 Yemenis , including 16 civilians , were killed , according to U.S. intelligence officials . Subsequent to that , CENTCOM accelerated its airstrikes in follow-on attacks .
In May , the U.S. paused its Yemen operations after a ground assault , supported by aircraft and drones , went awry . Several U.S. service members were injured in a raid against a compound associated with AQAP in Yemen in which at least seven militants were killed , the Pentagon said . Witnesses also reported a small number of civilian deaths as well .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US airstrikes in Yemen may signal new campaign by President Trump 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
By October , the U.S. military counterterrorism operations grew to include strikes and missions against ISIS , specifically a regional group called ISIS-Yemen ( ISIS-Y ) . CENTCOM spokesperson Lt. Col. Earl Brown said in December that targeting ISIS `` is required to prevent ISIS-Y from filling the vacuum left by a diminished AQAP footprint or influence in the region . ''
Despite that , a U.S. intelligence estimate contends that ISIS-Y doubled in size in 2017 .
In December , CENTCOM acknowledged that the U.S. military had conducted `` multiple ground operations '' in Yemen in 2017 , but did not provide a specific number or details about the raids .
Asked how many U.S. forces are stationed in Yemen , a Pentagon spokesperson declined to provide details .
`` We do not discuss specific troop numbers , but at times there is a small amount of U.S. personnel in Yemen , '' the spokesperson , Lt. Cmdr . Rebecca Rebarich , said .
Readers have been out and about taking pictures of life across the area .
Here is a round-up of some of the best snaps sent in this week .
If you would like to see your picture appear online and in the newspaper please send them in via email .
They do n't have to be related to a news story - they could be a local landmark , a gathering of friends - anything that records everyday life .
Check back again next week to see more great shots .
Federico Zaragoza was named the new president of the College of Southern Nevada May 11 , 2018 ( Alamo Colleges / FOX5 ) .
Federico Zaragoza was voted in unanimously as the next president of the College of Southern Nevada by the Nevada System of Higher Education at a special meeting held Friday afternoon .
“ Dr . Zaragoza is coming to the College of Southern Nevada at an exciting time . He brings a wealth of experience and diverse background that will connect well with the students and faculty of Nevada 's largest institution of higher learning , ” NSHE Chancellor Thom Reilly said .
Regent Allison Stephens , Chair of the CSN Presidential Search Committee , said how Zaragoza 's diverse background in education will fit nicely at CSN .
Zaragoza said that he feels honored by the position .
“ CSN is positioned to really be an institution of greatness and prestige , ” Zaragoza said . “ I feel privileged and honored to be given this opportunity . I want this community college to be the best in the country . ”
NSHE said that Zaragoza 's presidency at CSN will be effective starting July 1 , 2018 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Ireland police scandal throws prime minister Enda Kenny into crisis
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Boise Paper delivers tips to go `` green '' at work
CHICAGO , IL -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - While many people incorporate eco-friendly practices into their homes , deadlines and ingrained business practices make it easy to forget these same behaviors while at the office . In fact , a greener workplace not only translates into a lighter ecological footprint , it can also boost productivity . According to a recent study from the University of California – Los Angeles , companies that voluntarily adopt green practices have employees who are 16 percent more productive than companies without green practices .
`` In honor of Earth Month , we want to remind offices across the country how simple it is to incorporate eco-friendly principles into their workdays , '' says Sarah Yedlick , office expert and associate product manager for Boise Paper . `` These four , easy-to-implement tips can help improve any business 's green practices , while also boosting their bottom line . ''
1 . Watch Your Waste – Set up separate bins for plastic , aluminum and food waste in the kitchen or break room , and make sure recycling bins are located prominently around the office with signs so employees know what can and ca n't be recycled . Decrease your eco-footprint even further by replacing disposable items with reusable versions . For instance , if disposable cups or plastic ware are used in the kitchen , replace them with dishware that can be washed and reused .
2 . Make a Power Play – While today 's offices rely heavily on computers and tech equipment , there 's no reason to keep these devices fully powered around the clock -- especially when you consider the cost . Office equipment alone typically accounts for more than 20 percent of the energy used in most offices . Save energy and lighten costs by setting all equipment to energy-saving settings , and powering off at the end of the day . Printers , scanners and other pieces of infrequently used equipment can remain unpowered until they 're needed . And of course , do n't forget to switch off the lights when you 're headed out of the office for a while -- mid-day meetings and lunch dates count !
3 . Rethink Recyclable – When you recycle copy paper it gets used again and again in other products -- up to seven times before the original wood fibers break down . And , while using recycled paper is part of a great eco-friendly strategy , non-recycled products ( with new wood fibers ) are important to keep the recycling loop going . If all we used was recycled paper , we would quickly run out of fiber sources ! To be the most environmentally-conscious , it 's best to use a mix of certified recycled papers , like Boise ASPEN® Recycled Copy , and responsibly sourced non-recycled papers , like Boise X-9® Multi-Use Copy . Also , you should always print two-sided on multipurpose paper , but when you end up with one-sided copies , reuse them for notes , sketches , or process drafts before recycling !
4 . Travel Smart – Alternative transportation has a significant impact when you consider the number of people commuting to the office daily . If a train is n't available and bicycling is n't appealing , try carpooling with coworkers . Not only does this help reduce air pollution , but buddying up allows you to take advantage of high-occupancy traffic lanes and save money on gas . The time can also be used to discuss work-related products and updates -- eliminating the need for more meetings throughout the day .
For more tips on going green at the office , visit www.BePaperSmart.com .
About Boise Paper :
Boise Paper is a division of Packaging Corporation of America , headquartered in Lake Forest , IL . Boise Paper manufactures a full line of quality papers including imaging papers for the office and home , printing and converting papers , and papers used in packaging , such as label and release papers . Through its Paper with Purpose® promise , Boise Paper commits to delivering excellent value while sustaining environmental , economic , and social resources for future generations . Keep current with news and events at www.BoisePaper.com .
This piece is being published jointly with BuzzFeed
Millennial . It 's a word that conjures the image of a crop-topped twentysomething attached to a smartphone . They sit at brunch with a table of other millennials on their phones , placing filters on their expertly curated selfies and perfectly lit photos of avocado toast , and they walk around texting friends rather than taking in the beauty of the world around them . ( And , like , they never talk on the phone . )
Marketers and advertisers have wholeheartedly embraced this word—and , often , this stereotype—in their quest to control the millennial wallet . Their overeagerness has prompted predictable eyerolls among millions of actual , diverse , individual millennials . Here at BuzzFeed back in 2013 , we tried to draw the line , establishing an internal policy that were we to use this word , “ it should have real or implied quotation marks , or appear as a term of art , and with kind of wink , ” as Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith wrote in an email to our editorial staff in December 2013 . And about two months later when we published our style guide , we made the ban public :
millennials ( avoid using this term when possible ; otherwise , generally use twentysomethings , twenty- and thirtysomethings , or teens and young adults , depending on context )
Millennial was n't always so fraught . It was coined in 1991 by historians Neil Howe and William Strauss in their book Generations . They just needed a word , and this seemed apt , as the oldest of the generation would graduate high school in 2000 . And of course rabid marketing firms almost instantaneously latched on to the term , succinct in its description of the generation larger than any other demographic , comprising 80 million people in the US and consuming information and products in vastly new ways . By 2001 , Ad Age had declared , “ The Millennials are here…Naturally , the most pressing question on Madison Avenue is not how they will change the world , but how will we market to them ? ”
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
ICYMI : One question that turns courageous journalists into cowards
And it did n't take very long for the word to become a sort of slur , perpetuated by the media and often based on research that does n't actually exist . That image , believed by boomers and millennials alike , was of a lazy and coddled generation full of special snowflakes , obsessed with finding ~fulfilling~ jobs , goddammit . ( Because WHY would anyone want a job that they enjoy ? ! ) Chances are , you too have found millennial a cringeworthy buzzword or a dismissive way to refer to an increasingly technology-reliant generation . Search the term on Amazon , for instance , and you 're met with a slew of slightly disparaging book titles , like Not Everybody Gets a Trophy : How to Manage the Millennials , or When Millennials Take Over : Preparing for the Ridiculously Optimistic Future of Business . ( As of March 2015 , there were more millennials in the US workforce than Gen Xers or baby boomers , according to the Pew Research Center . )
The only people who did n't immediately adopt millennial were…millennials themselves . Many ( particularly , perhaps , those on the older end of the millennial spectrum ) rejected the term and its associations with entitlement , narcissism , and short attention spans—along with a general distaste for being squeezed into tiny little boxes by the marketing industry .
Search interest on Google for millennial and its variants since 2004 . Google / Via trends.google.com
As we liked to muse around the newsroom , sipping our pamplemousse LaCroix , it 's reductive and unproductive to think of a generation defined by its diversity as a singular , homogeneous entity . The term , we argued , was much like the word hipster—one that loosely connects people who share vaguely similar cultural interests slightly outside the mainstream—except one is either objectively a millennial or not , and they will be for the rest of their lives . ( Fear of commitment : another millennial stereotype ! )
And so at first millennial existed largely as a way for “ olds ” to refer to the younger generation . We spat it out ironically and rolled our eyes at its use . But perhaps every label used to describe the current coming-of-age generation has always leaned toward the pejorative , in a get-off-of-my-lawn kind of way . In fact , a 2015 Pew study found that while 60 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds do n't consider themselves a millennial , this rejection of a generational label is n't unique—only 58 percent of Gen Xers identify as such , and 82 percent of the so-called silent generation do n't love their name either .
ICYMI : Newsrooms should follow two simple rules for reporting on women 's bodies
Over the last few years , though , the ground has gradually shifted despite our efforts to stand strong—as evidenced by a host of published stories bearing some iteration of the title “ No , ‘ millennial ' is not a dirty word , ” as well as an entry for millennial in the Merriam-Webster dictionary online . In May 2015 , even Smith acknowledged that “ maybe this is a losing battle , but let 's not surrender yet , ” citing a Public Religion Research Institute study . BuzzFeed News tech reporter Joseph Bernstein called our guideline “ prescriptive and slightly dogmatic ” when we pushed back on his use of the term—even though we 'd admitted our alternative was “ slightly clumsier. ” We were stuck with a laughable number of imprecise , ever-changing words for this age group . And so we revised our entry in November 2015 to get a little more specific , making a note to avoid the term “ except when referring specifically to demographics. ” This is how it 's remained for the last year and a half or so .
It seems that millennials have now reclaimed millennial . Pretty soon , we were saying it grudgingly , ironically , with a bit of a wink of self-deprecation . ( Yes , this is a thing we have done , and will probably continue to do , on BuzzFeed , in individualistic defiance of our style guide . )
And today we are today flying the white flag , announcing our surrender to the term 's unironic usage and acknowledging its journey from cheesy marketing buzzword we tried desperately to combat to just another everyday descriptive word in our vernacular . ( But please make sure you use two n 's and lowercase it , per BuzzFeed style . )
RELATED : 10 podcasts to help you keep up with the news cycle
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Emmy Favilla and Megan Paolone are the authors of this article . Emmy Favilla is BuzzFeed 's global copy chief and the author of the forthcoming book A World Without 'Whom ' . Megan Paolone is BuzzFeed 's deputy copy chief .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
PHILADELPHIA ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Unfortunately for the Miami Heat , their first round playoff series against Philadelphia was n't nearly as good as many thought it would be .
Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons shined again in front of rapper Meek Mill , and the dominant duo ushered the nightmares-into-dreams Process of the Philadelphia 76ers into the second round with a 104-91 win over Miami on Tuesday night .
The 76ers , winners of 10 games just two seasons ago , are in the second round of the Eastern Conference playoffs for the first time since 2012 .
They await the winner of Milwaukee-Boston . The Celtics lead the series 3-2 .
The Sixers won the series 4-1 and turned the Wells Fargo Center into the wildest house party in the city . Embiid had 19 points and 12 rebounds , Simmons had 14 points and 10 boards , and the entire team had rappers , politicians , actors and kids dancing along for the ride .
Mill made a dramatic return hours after Pennsylvania 's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions .
He was taken from prison by helicopter to Philadelphia , where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of Game 5 .
“ Welcome home Meek Mill , ” was about all that was heard from the public address announcer as wild cheers drowned out the rest . Mill sat courtside next to actor and noted Sixers fan Kevin Hart and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin .
Hart grabbed the mic after the game and yelled , “ Let 's give it up for Joel Embiid ! ”
Before the game , Mill visited privately with the Sixers in their locker room .
Hart talked trash , wandered onto the edge of the court to rile up fans and palled around with Mill as the young and gettin ' it Sixers proved they just might be the team to beat in the East .
They 'll have plenty of time to rest and recover — Embiid again played in a black mask to guard a face injury — with the other Eastern Conference playoff series expected to stretch into the weekend .
The 76ers were buzzing once Mill 's release made headline news in the city . Rubin had organized prison trips with Embiid , Simmons and Markelle Fultz , and the rapper 's songs played in the locker room and during warmups .
Simmons called Mill 's presence “ amazing . ”
“ Just having someone that looks out for us , all of us here , it would just mean a lot to him to be back in Philly , in the city of Philadelphia with the fans , especially with a game like that tonight , ” Simmons said .
Mill breezed into the locker room about 45 minutes before tip and hugged some of the Sixers . Mill was met with a crush of media and celebrity fans as he tried to take his courtside seat . Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie and retired boxing great Bernard Hopkins sat near Hart and Mill , and Democratic Gov . Tom Wolf joined them in the second half . The national champion Villanova Wildcats posed for pictures with Mill in the locker room .
What they saw was just the latest beatdown from a franchise whose maligned rebuild has morphed into the one of the trendiest terms in sports .
The Sixers outscored the Heat by 14 in the third quarter to snap a tie game and had fans belting “ Trust the Process ! ”
Goran Dragic was whistled for a technical after slapping Simmons on the backside of his head , and that got the crowd howling early in the third . Simmons kept his cool — the rookie is rarely rattled — and made the Heat pay . JJ Redick sank the free throw off the technical , and Simmons kicked the ball out to Robert Covington on the possession for a 3 and a 54-48 lead . Redick followed with his third 3 , and Philly was litty again .
Redick , who scored 27 , sank the dagger late in the fourth that sent confetti flying , team flags waving and put a late-night celebration on deck .
TIP-INS
Heat : Josh Richardson played with a sprained left shoulder . He picked up three fouls in his first 2 minutes . … James Johnson was hit with personal and technical fouls late in the fourth that ended a 10-0 Miami run . … Dwyane Wade is considering retirement . … Justise Winslow led the Heat with 18 points .
76ers : Redick was whistled for a technical foul in the first half . … Missed 10 of 12 3s in the first half .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
The Devilettes led 13-10 following the first quarter .
But Gallatin made a charge in the second period , going up 18-17 on LaMonica Mintlow 's foul-line jumper with 2:05 left . The Lady Wave opened a three-point lead before Anne Marie Heidebreicht beat the halftime buzzer with a pullup jumper to draw the Devilettes within 20-19 .
Allissa Mulaski and Lindsey Freeman led a Lebanon third-quarter charge as they scored all 13 Devilette points to put the home team back in front 32-25 .
The Devilettes dropped in just half of their 24 free-throw attempts in the fourth quarter . But that was enough to maintain the lead as they improved to 18-9 for the season and 10-2 in District 9-AAA .
Mulaski came off the bench to score all 11 of her points in the second half , sinking all six of her free throws . Freeman finished with 10 , eight of which came after halftime . Hendebreicht had eight while Aaryn Grace Lester and Christaney Brookshire each flipped in five , Addie Grace Porter four and Akiraona Steverson two .
Mintlow scored eight of her 12 in the second quarter for Gallatin while Ja'Neca Talley tossed in nine of her 11 in the second half , including seven in the fourth period , as the Lady Wave fell to 9-14 , 1-11 .
Lebanon will travel to Beech at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday . The Devilettes trail the Lady Buccaneers by a game at the top of the district standings . An LHS win would result in a split of the season series .
Maki 's 23 leads Lady ‘ Cats to road win
GALLATIN — Senior Julia Maki stepped up with 23 points Friday night to lead Wilson Central past Station Camp 59-50 .
Maki 's total included four three-pointers , three of which came during the third quarter as the Lady Wildcats turned a 32-24 halftime lead into a 48-38 margin as they improved to 15-10 for the season and pulled even at 6-6 in District 9-AAA .
The Lady Wildcats led 16-15 following the first quarter .
Sophomore Nicole Brill sank 7 of 9 free throws on her way to 17 points for Central while freshman Sydnee Richetto racked up 10 on two triples and 4-of-4 from the foul line . Bailey Kaposy canned a three while Kathryn Bean , Jasmin Angel and Taylor Tucker each tossed in two .
Jane Deason sank six triples to lead the Lady Bison with 24 points as Station Camp slipped to 12-12 , 6-6 . The teams split the season series .
Wilson Central will travel to Portland at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday .
Tigerettes topped by Livingston
WATERTOWN — Livingston Academy gradually pulled away to a 45-27 triumph over Watertown on Friday night .
The Lady Wildcats led 7-5 following the first quarter , 17-12 at halftime and 32-18 through three periods .
Leah Parker popped in a pair of three-pointers to lead Livingston with 12 points .
Ashlea Dickens drained a pair of triples to lead Watertown with nine points while Emma Edwards scored six , Brittni Allison five , McKenna George four , Brenna Luttrell two and Saranda Woodson a free throw .
Watertown will travel to Woodbury to take on Cannon County at 6 p.m. Tuesday .
Friendship rolls to season-ending win
Friendship Christian wrapped up its Middle Region District 2-A schedule Friday night by wearing out visiting Davidson Academy 62-28 at the Bay Family Sportsplex .
Ashlyn Pittman poured in 21 points for the Lady Commanders , who finished 13-3 in the district and 22-6 overall . They will open district tournament play Tuesday night at the Sportsplex where a win would advance them to the semifinals at Goodpasture .
Autumn Groves added 18 for Friendship while Hannah Alexander scored seven , Sydney McCormick six , Rachel Pippin five , Hailey Pittman three and Brooke Jones two .
No one scored in double figures for Davidson Academy .
Lady Bears hit stride against Hendersonville behind Petty 's 23
MT . JULIET — Mt . Juliet appears to be rounding into form as the season heads into its final week . The Lady Bears wore out Hendersonville 66-40 Friday night .
The Lady Bears bolted to a 17-3 first-quarter lead , were up 32-19 at halftime and 54-30 through three periods as they improved to 16-7 for the season and 8-4 in District 9-AAA .
Shelby Petty poured in three 3-pointers to lead the Lady Bears with 23 points and three steals while Nevaeh Majors added 18 points , including two triples . Emma Palmer posted 14 points and eight rebounds . Ryleigh Osborne sank a pair of treys for her six while Kiki Jervis threw in a three and Tondrianna Davis two .
Mt . Juliet will play host to Station Camp at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday .
Steve Evans believes his side will win at Colchester United on Saturday if they can create the number of chances there that they did last year .
Stags lost the game 2-0 last season but wasted a host of openings as they suffered a fifth straight defeat down there .
Which 'bubble ' shows are in danger of getting the ax ? We are about five weeks away from the major broadcast networks ' announcements of their new fall schedules — which will mean judgment day for existing shows whose fates are still ...
The 10 worst TV shows of 2015 It 's always easy to think about what you liked on TV . But going back over the year to recall truly awful material , tired shows and other puzzlements takes some work ...
'Supergirl ' Benoist says Superman will pop up in 'fun , creative ways ' 1 . Supergirl Monday , 8 p.m. , CBS Melissa Benoist has a hit on her hands . Her new series , “ Supergirl , ” premiered to big numbers Oct. 26 on CBS , and has continued to ...
Wendy Williams has some killer 'Gossip ' Exclusive : Daytime talk show maven Wendy Williams will host and produce a new series for ID called “ Death By Gossip With Wendy Williams , ” recounting murders fueled by rumor and innuendo ....
Sweet '16 : CBS renews 'Mom , ' Mike & Molly ' and ' 2 Broke Girls ' CBS has renewed “ Mom , ” “ Mike & Molly ” and “ 2 Broke Girls , ” keeping the three comedies on the schedule for the 2015-16 season . “ Mom ” — starring Anna Faris and Allison Janney ...
Watch Miss Piggy and the 'Peanuts ' gang this week 1 . Brooklyn Nine-Nine Sunday , 8:30 p.m. , Fox Jake ( Andy Samberg ) and Charles ' ( Joe Lo Truglio ) bromance starts to crack when they volunteer for an eight-day stakeout in very close quarters ....
Was ' 2 Broke Girls ' able to handle Kim Kardashian 's vast talent ? The hit CBS sitcom “ 2 Broke Girls ” returned Monday night for its fourth season premiere , promising an appearance from everyone 's favorite sex tape star turned Sears hawker , Kim Kardashian West ....
TV watch list : Better late than never for ‘ The McCarthys ' “ 2 Broke Girls ” Monday at 8 p.m. on CBS Kim Kardashian West guest-stars as herself on the fourth season premiere when a television producer approaches Max ( Kat Dennings ) and Caroline ...
First look at Kim Kardashian on ' 2 Broke Girls ' The first image of Kim Kardashian 's highly publicized appearance on “ 2 Broke Girls ” has been released , and naturally the reality-TV queen looks head-to-toe chic . Sporting sleek , straight locks and a ...
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
How do you make a movie about stagnation ? A movie that does n't just tell you a story about someone wasting away , but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours ?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation , but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama , her feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto 's 1956 novel of the same title . This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I 've seen all year , and also one of the best .
Di Benedetto 's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama , an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River . He was born in the New World but serves the Old , an empire in which he has never once set foot .
The year is 1790 , and Zama , bored , frustrated and separated from his wife and children , hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires , where he 's certain he will find greater purpose and prosperity . The book , narrated by Zama himself , is a bitterly ironic account of pride , pettiness and self-pity , a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside .
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book 's spirit . Played in a superbly weary , bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho , Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery , but his slowly dawning awareness of his own futility is not without a certain pathos .
In the opening shot , we see him standing alone on a beach , wearing a sword and a tricorn hat , and striking a ridiculous , would-be heroic pose . The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to his delusions of grandeur .
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett , as Zama repeatedly pleads with his superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of his transfer . Apart from his occasional duties as a magistrate , Zama mostly just waits and waits , and every scene seems to compound the indignity of his existence .
He is forever being ignored by his superiors , thwarted by his colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman , Luciana , whom he hopelessly lusts after . She 's played by Lola Dueñas , known for her work with Pedro Almodóvar , who is credited as one of the film 's producers .
No one , however , is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie . Martel has little use for straightforward narrative . Her style is immersive yet disorienting : Rather than neatly sorting out the characters ' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next , she creates a highly specific , intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention .
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel 's filmmaking . Her sensuous camerawork and wild , teeming sound design , alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds , conjure an air of stifling humidity . The physical world here is palpably present , and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission .
Martel 's previous films , which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman , have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege , and her sense of class rage makes her a natural fit for di Benedetto 's anti-imperialist takedown . Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus , Martel ingeniously forges her own point of view .
She does n't just march Zama through a series of humiliations . She strategically undermines his position in every shot , often placing him off to the side or dwarfing him visually . Barely a scene goes by in which we are n't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and his cohorts , going about their business in the background or foreground , looking on in judgmental silence .
These visual strategies may seem odd at first , but they have a real sense of purpose . In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame , the movie reminds us that this man , whatever he may think , is not the hero of his own story .
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie 's second half , as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness , joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire .
The story ends as it must , in a whirlwind of violence , and Martel 's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous , almost in spite of itself . It 's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad . The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness .
Four organisations share real-world insights into staffing a successful AI effort from the ground up .
Once a niche research specialty , AI is fast becoming a vital aspect of the IT strategy at many businesses . The maturity of data science and machine learning tools , as well as the rise of readily accessible machine learning platforms in the cloud , are fueling this trend , enabling businesses to explore new ways to extract high business value from existing and accumulating data .
But to make the most of AI in the enterprise , you have to have a strong team of AI practitioners in place . Here , we take a look at how four organisations are taking on the challenge of putting together a top-flight AI team to tackle new projects .
What successful AI looks like
When first building an AI department , it 's important to know that successful AI requires multiple roles with differing skillsets .
[ Find the why you should invest in AI talent now . | Retain your best by knowing the 9 reasons good employees leave -- and how you can prevent it . | Keep up on the latest CIO insights with our CIO Daily newsletter . ]
“ At first , we attempted to recruit for a single role – a data scientist – who had the all of the capabilities we needed . That approach did not work out , ” says Chris Brazdziunas , vice president of products at LogRhythm , a security intelligence company .
“ In our experience , we found that an AI group needs at least three distinct roles : a data engineer to organise the data , a data scientist to investigate the data and a software engineer to implement applications . ”
Over the past 12 months , LogRhythm has hired five people into its AI group and plans to grow the group to 10 people over the next year .
For professional services firm EY , AI roles break down along three lines .
“ In our approach to AI , we currently see three parts : generating information , interpreting information and making judgment about that information , ” says Martin Fiore , EY Americas tax talent leader . Thus far , for EY , “ the generating information capability is currently the strongest , ” Fiore adds .
Thomson Reuters ' AI efforts have evolved to the point where the interpretation piece is in production . Developed in cooperation with Reuters journalists , Reuters News Tracer was built using AI .
“ This application consumes information from Twitter and filters out news from the noise . It can distinguish between a rumor and a fact with approximately 70 percent accuracy , ” explains Khalid Al-Kofahi , head of the cognitive computing center at Thomson Reuters .
Here , Thomson Reuters has already translated AI skills into a product in support of its business .
Recruiting and retaining AI talent
AI professionals are in high demand . To assemble -- and maintain -- an AI team , retention and recruitment are key . But that does n't necessarily mean having to look outside the organisation .
Developing AI talent internally is part of EY 's approach .
“ In EY 's tax group , we provide extensive training on technical tax matters . However , we are also starting to add training on automation and AI . While recruiting a graduate with degrees in tax and AI is excellent , there is a significant talent shortage . That is one of the reasons we put resources in upskilling our people , ” says Fiore . In the past year , EY has hired over 20 professionals focused on automation and AI .
Recruiting AI talent in a hot hiring market often requires going directly to academic institutions .
“ Being active in the community – especially presenting at conferences and publishing papers – has supported our recruiting efforts . We have also presented at Columbia , MIT , and other leading organisations , ” explains Thomson Reuters ' Al-Kofahi .
But bringing a new hire in the door is not enough . You also need them to stick around .
“ When it comes to retention of AI professionals , a few factors make an important difference . First , it has helped us to think through the career path and show what other opportunities are available . Second , we encourage our staff to actively participate in the professional community , including presenting at conferences , attending Meetups and other activities , ” LogRhythm 's Brazdziunas says .
Professional development is not the only way to grow : Autonomy is also important .
“ In addition to external activities , we support giving our AI talent time at the office to carry out their investigations and generate new ideas , ” Brazdziunas adds . For professionals interested in research , such support will go a long way .
How to organize your AI efforts
In the technology industry , Bell Labs and Xerox 's PARC loom large as examples of corporate support for research . In addition to broad research units such as Google X , several organisations are creating AI-focused organisations . In Canada , Royal Bank has invested heavily in AI by establishing an AI research lab in Edmonton . Pure research is not the only way to structure your AI organisation . Consider the approach that Thomson Reuters has followed .
“ Our organisation has three major groups : traditional research , application development , and user experience , ” explains Al-Kofahi . “ My philosophy for the group combines two themes : following the business and leading the business . That means that we deliver incremental improvements for the business and create entirely new ideas and products . ”
When it comes to moving AI concepts and products from the world of computer science to business use , paying attention to user experience is key .
“ In my view , AI is the new UI , ” explains Elliott Yama , assistant vice president of machine learning at software provider Apttus . “ Max , our AI assistant , is designed to be used conversationally and ask to follow-up questions , ” Yama adds .
User experience design is a focus at Thomson Reuters as well .
“ If you want to build applications that will change how professionals get their job done , the user experience is a big part of this story , ” Al-Kofahi says .
Alternative AI staffing solution : Freelance marketplaces
What if your organisation is just not ready to recruit a computer science Ph.D. ? There are other ways to get started in AI .
Anand Kulkarni , founder and CEO of Crowdbotics , has hired three machine learning specialists from Upwork , a large talent marketplace . Crowdbotics is far from alone . According to Upwork 's Q1 2017 Skills Index report , demand for AI skills is the second fastest growing skill set . With multiple opportunities available , contractors may be a good addition .
Using freelance talent , Crowdbotics ' AI efforts have been able to improve the accuracy of project estimates for its clients . “ If you are building something like a database-driven web application , we have the capability to improve development . This includes suggesting using specific libraries in development . In some cases , we can cut total development time in half , ” says Kulkarni .
But Kulkarni offers caution to organisations starting out with AI . In Crowdbotics ' experience , improved estimation and automation only succeeds in cases where the AI has meaningful historical information to reference . So , if you are developing something completely new , consider whether AI is truly right for you .
Here , tapping contractors may be the best first step in finding out .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday , families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Kamal Haasan , the veteran actor , is one of the finest talents , Indian film industry has ever seen . As we all know , Kamal Haasan is not only an exceptional actor , director , and writer , but also a strong follower of Indian cinema .
Photo Courtesy : Behindwoods
Recently , the multifaceted talent picked his 70 all-time favourite Indian films , for the 70th Independence day special edition of Hindustan Times . Interestingly , Kamal Haasan 's favourites list include eight Malayalam films , something which the industry can be proud of .
Have a look at Kamal Haasan 's favourite Malayalam films here ....
Chemmeen ( 1965 ) The first film in Kamal 's favourites list . The classic movie , which was an adaptation of Thakazhi 's classic novel of the same name , was directed by Ramu Karyat . Chemmeen had featured Sathyan , Sheela , and Madhu , in the lead roles .
Anubhavangal Paalichakal ( 1971 ) The movie , which featured the legendary Prem Nazir-Sathyan duo , was also adaptation of Thakazhi 's popular novel of the same name . The movie was scripted by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by KS Sethumadhavan .
Nirmalyam ( 1973 ) The movie , which was written and directed by MT Vasudevan Nair , was an adaptation of his short story Pallivalum Kalchilambum . Nirmalyam won the National Film Award of 1973 , for the Best Feature Film , while PJ Antony won the Best Actor trophy .
Swapnadanam ( 1976 ) Swapnadanam , which has been considered as one of the finest works of KG George , is another Malayalam film in Kamal Haasan 's favourites list . The highly acclaimed movie has won the National Film Award of 1976 , for the Best Feature Film in Malayalam .
Kodiyettam ( 1978 ) The fifth film in Haasan 's list is Adoor Gopalakrishnan 's classic movie , Kodiyettam . Bharath Gopi went on to bag the National Film Award trophy for the Best Actor , for his performance in the acclaimed movie .
Ee Nadu ( 1982 ) Kamaal Haasan 's another favourite Malayalam film is the Mammootty-Ratheesh starring political drama , Ee Nadu . The 1982-released movie still remains as one of the best works of IV Sasi-T Damodaran duo .
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal ( 1986 ) Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal , the Mohanlal-Padmarajan movie which has been considered as one of the classic love stories of Malayalam , has also found a place in Kamal Haasan 's favourites list .
Thaniyavarthanam ( 1987 ) The 1987-released Mammootty movie , which marked the debut of Lohithadas as a scenarist , is another favourite Malayalam film of Kamal Haasan . Thaniyavarthanam , which was directed by Sibi Malayil , was a huge critical and commercial success .
Surprisingly , Kamal Haasan has n't chosen even a single Malayalam film of 1990 's and 2000 's in his favourite films list . Instead , the multiple National Award-winner went on to choose the classic films of 1960 's to 1980 's in his favourite Malayalam films list .
Kamal Haasan has enlisted his 22 films in various languages , among his 70 all-time favourite Indian films list . He has also picked several classic films from Tamil , Telugu , Kannada , Marathi , Bengali , and Hindi films , as well as a silent film , in his favourite list .
The actor , who released his favourite Indian films list pointed out that these films are strictly his personal favourites . Kamal Haasan also admitted that he has not watched several iconic films of Indian film industry .
It was a happy Valentine 's Day indeed for Galashiels salesman Stuart Bannon in 1988 when he rocketed to top of the British sales league for greetings cards .
Stuart , then 35 , beat his 51 fellow UK sales colleagues to be named as the ‘ Valentines of Dundee Supreme Salesman of the Year ' .
It was quite a credit to his sales area covering the Borders , Dumfries , the Lothians and Lanarkshire who had snapped up literally millions of the firm 's cards over the year .
Stuart said : “ For a population of 100,000 , the Borders buys a lot of cards . Communication seems to be very important here . I 'd say Borderers are more sentimental and cards seem to say what they want to say . ”
He is pictured celebrating with his daughter Joy-Ann .
Send us your old photographs to southern-newsdesk @ jpress.co.uk
Regal Masters capture GSCL Inc I-Cup
By Zaheer Mohamed
The Georgetown Softball Cricket League Inc ( GSCL Inc ) ended the season with the staging of its I-Cup tournament yesterday at Demerara Cricket Club – Regal Masters clinched the title with a four-wicket win over Fishermen Masters in the final .
Fisherman Masters batted first and managed 95-6 of their allocation of 12 overs . Opener Unnis Yusuf who was eventually bowled by Mahendra Hardyal , top scored with 38 which included one four and a six ; he shared useful partnerships of 33 with Jagdesh Persaud and 23 with Troy Ramsaywack to boost their team 's batting . Persaud hit one four and two sixes before he was bowled by David Harper for 18 , while Ramsaywack made 16 . Hardyal , Laurie Singh and Harper claimed one wicket each .
Regal Masters lost Eon Abel early in the chase , but resolute batting by Raymond Harper , Eric Thomas and Khalid Haslim saw their team home as they finished on 97-6 in 11.3 overs . Harper , who slammed three fours and two sixes , top scored with 39 , while Thomas made 22 with two sixes ; the pair added 57 for the third wicket to steady the innings with level-headed batting . Haslim struck two fours and one six in scoring 24 . Pooran Singh took 2-23 .
Regal Masters beat HS Masters by 25 runs in their preliminary round game . Batting first , Regal Masters posted 120-4 in 15 overs . Eon Abel slammed seven fours and two sixes in a robust 62 , while Motilall Chumandatt and Raymond Harper made 22 each .
HS Masters responded with 95 all out in 15 overs . Uvindra Narine scored 38 , while Danny Mohanram got 25 as Mahendra Hardyal claimed 2-16 and Khalid Haslim 2-21 .
Fisherman Masters overcame HS Masters in their encounter . Raymond Harper was named man-of-the-match in the final .
Tory Lanez connects with bubbling Toronto artist Pressa to create the official video for “ Oh My ” . Pressa recently released “ Novacane , ” and now following with visual for “ OH My ” which looks to be the lead single for the forthcoming project titled Press Machine . Watch the “ Oh My ” video filled with foreign cars and luxurious woman to align with the lifestyle .
# FollowTheCrown :
http : //www.Twitter.com/SharifDKing
http : //www.Instagram.com/SharifDKing
http : //www.Facebook.com/OfficialSharifDKing
Snapchat – SharifDKing
Michael Cohen scrubbed the reference “ personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump ” from his Twitter biography on Wednesday just days after he went on television to declare that his first loyalty is to his family .
Cohen , who once famously said he 'd “ take a bullet ” for the president , made the change on his Twitter page but still describes himself as “ Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump ” on his LinkedIn page .
Cohen , who 's under criminal investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan , told ABC News in an interview that “ my wife , my daughter and my son have my first loyalty and always will . I put my family and country first . ”
The change on Cohen 's Twitter page was first reported by Newsweek .
The interview , which aired Monday , was the first time he 's spoken publicly since FBI agents , acting on a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller , raided his office , apartment and hotel room in search of documents related to his hush-money payment to porn star Stormy Daniels less than two weeks before the 2016 election .
Cohen paid Daniels $ 130,000 as part of a non-disclosure agreement to keep her silence about an affair she alleges she had with Trump in 2006 .
The Trump Organization turned over 1.3 million items seized during the raid to the federal government after examining them to determine whether they contained information protected by attorney-client privilege .
The items can now be used by prosecutors in the Southern District of New York who are investigating Cohen for possible bank and wire fraud , and campaign finance violations .
Cohen has not been charged .
On Tuesday morning , Theresa May caught political journalists and opponents off-guard with a surprise announcement that she would like to hold a general election on 8 June – after months of declaring there would be no early election .
Unlike most former prime ministers , however , May does not have the power to unilaterally implement her decision , which she said she 'd made `` recently and reluctantly '' .
Until 2010 , prime ministers had the power to announce elections any time they wished , subject to having an election at least every five years , and giving a notice period of at least around five weeks between announcement and voting .
However , the last coalition government changed the rules around how calling an election works under a new law called the Fixed Term Parliaments Act .
May has announced that she will use a provision under this law that allows MPs to vote on whether or not they would like to have an election .
Most votes in parliament are decided by a simple majority , meaning whichever side has the most votes wins , regardless of how many MPs vote – but this vote will be different .
The rules of the act mean that two-thirds of all MPs , not just those voting , have to be in favour of calling the election early . As there are 650 MPs in total , this means that 434 MPs will have to vote in favour of an early election .
Theresa May has 330 MPs , meaning she will need the support of at least 104 MPs from opposition parties to vote in favour of a general election .
Despite being more than 20 points behind in the polls , Jeremy Corbyn 's Labour party has now said it will support an early election , which would easily carry May over the line , as the party has 229 MPs .
The Liberal Democrats , who only have 9 MPs , have also announced they will support the early election , which may see them picking up seats from the Conservatives and Labour .
Had May not got the required votes , she had other options – she could have either attempted to amend or replace the Fixed Term Parliaments Act , which would have required a majority in the Commons or Lords , or alternatively voted `` no confidence '' in her own government , which would then have left opposition parties with two weeks to try to form a government – which they lack the votes to manage – before automatically triggering an election .
Billionaire signs up to be killed , have brain digitally preserved A Silicon Valley billionaire is paying the ultimate price for immortality : death . Well , that , and a spare 10 grand . Entrepreneur Sam Altman is one of 25 people who have splashed ...
Saudi luxury hotel may hold dark , deadly secrets Featuring fine dining and luxury facilities , this is the luxury hotel where hundreds of people accused of corruption spent weeks at a time . However , Saudi Arabia 's Ritz-Carlton could also hold ...
Internet billionaire makes play for Carolina Panthers Michael Rubin , who owns $ 4.5 billion online sportswear retailer Fanatics , is set on buying the Panthers , which was put up for sale in December after the team 's owner Jerry Richardson ...
There are now more female billionaires than ever This is good news for rich women . Forbes magazine just released its annual ranking of the world 's billionaires and 256 women made the list , which comprises of 2,208 extremely wealthy ...
Jeff Bezos becomes first $ 100B mogul on Forbes list SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has become the first person to amass a fortune surpassing $ 100 billion in Forbes magazine 's annual ranking of the world 's moguls . The milestone ...
Trump takes nosedive on Forbes billionaires list President Trump has toppled 222 places on the Forbes annual World 's Billionaires list after his fortune fell by about $ 400 million . Trump , who Forbes estimates is worth about $ 3.1 billion , ...
Dell founder buys most expensive home ever sold in NYC Tech billionaire Michael Dell was the buyer of the most expensive home ever sold in the Big Apple — a $ 100 million condo on Billionaire 's Row , sources tell The Post ....
Peter Brant has n't been sending rent checks for magazine 's office “ We have been working with the landlord on resolving differences regarding a new short-term lease agreement , '' Brant 's daughter told Page Six .
Billionaire revealed as buyer of $ 10M West Village condo “ One lucky dog ” just bought a $ 10.25 million condoes at 150 Charles St. , the celeb-heavy West Village condo . Monaco-born billionaire Gildo Pallanca Pastor — who is the 50-year-old CEO and owner ...
A rural Alberta couple is $ 60-million richer after winning the largest-ever lottery jackpot in the province 's history .
Brett McCoy and Robin Walker of Peers , Alta. , were together when they bought the winning Lotto Max ticket from the McLeod Trading Post in Peers , about 180 kilometres west of Edmonton .
In fact , the couple was buying chicken feed and treats for the kids when they checked their lottery numbers .
“ A whole bunch of numbers came up on the screen when I scanned the ticket . I thought , ‘ That ca n't be right . ' So , I scanned the ticket again . Then I ran out-side and told Brett we won $ 60,000 , ” Walker said in a news release .
“ The store clerk came after me and said , ‘ Robin — count the zeroes ' . ”
The couple 's ticket was the only one sold across Canada to match all seven winning numbers drawn on Sept. 22 . They won the entire $ 60 million jackpot that evening , setting a new record for the biggest lottery prize ever won in Alberta .
The winning numbers were 2 , 10 , 37 , 38 , 39 , 43 and 47 .
ADVERTISMENT
The couple 's ticket was an $ 11 quick pick , which included six selections and the add-on game called Extra .
McCoy said the couple is feeling overwhelmed with their win .
“ I was pretty excited when I thought it was $ 60,000 , ” he said . “ That would have taken care of a big chunk of our mortgage . ”
They plan to think long and hard about what they want to do with their earnings , Walker added .
“ We 'll get a few things we need , but we 're going to sit tight for now , ” she said . “ There 's so much to think about . ”
Contact jeremy.simes @ producer.com
Downfall of Toshiba , a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
CALGARY , ALBERTA -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES .
Manson Creek Resources Ltd. ( TSX VENTURE : MCK ) ( `` Manson '' ) is pleased to announce that it has closed the final tranche of its previously announced non-brokered private placement ( the `` Offering '' ) consisting of 600,000 Units at a price of $ 0.05 per Unit to raise gross proceeds of $ 30,000 . Each unit consisted of one common share and one half of a common share warrant . Each full common share purchase warrant ( a `` Warrant '' ) entitles the holder to purchase one half of an additional common share at a price of $ 0.10 per share until April 17 , 2019 .
In connection with the final tranche of the Offering , Manson has agreed to pay finder 's fees of $ 1,250 . All securities issued in connection with the Offering were subject to a four month hold period from the date of each closing .
Manson issued a total of 7,600,000 Units pursuant to this private placement for gross proceeds of $ 380,000 .
The net proceeds from the Offering will be used for working capital , general corporate purposes and property exploration expenditures .
On Behalf of the Board of Directors ,
Jean-Pierre Jutras , President/Director
The TSX Venture Exchange has neither approved nor disapproved of the contents of this press release .
Except for the historical and present factual information contained herein , the matters set forth in this news release , including words such as `` expects '' , `` projects '' , `` plans '' , `` anticipates '' and similar expressions , are forward-looking information that represents management of Manson Creek 's internal projections , expectations or beliefs concerning , among other things , future operating results and various components thereof or the economic performance of Manson Creek . The projections , estimates and beliefs contained in such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may cause Manson Creek 's actual performance and financial results in future periods to differ materially from any projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . These risks and uncertainties include , among other things , those described in Manson Creek 's filings with the Canadian securities authorities . Accordingly , holders of Manson Creek shares and potential investors are cautioned that events or circumstances could cause results to differ materially from those predicted . Manson Creek disclaims any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements .
Key addition to JetPay 's Management Team to manage and spur growth while leading the Company 's innovative technology efforts
CENTER VALLEY , PA -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - JetPay Corporation ( `` JetPay '' or the `` Company '' ) ( NASDAQ : JTPY ) announced today the company has added a new technology leader to its senior management team to lead the company 's information technology , including payment and payroll technology solutions , and ongoing security enhancements . Effective April 17th , John Crouch will join JetPay as the Company 's Chief Information Officer ( `` CIO '' ) .
Crouch is an accomplished leader with more than thirty ( 30 ) years of experience in information technology , data security and business operations . In his role , Crouch will have oversight of all technology and will be responsible for leading the direction for ongoing technical development , driving the long-term technology and digital roadmap , including implementing ongoing product and service enhancements .
Crouch started his career with Electronic Data Systems ( `` EDS '' ) ( Now Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. ( `` HPE '' ) ) where he spent seventeen ( 17 ) years in a variety of software development , systems infrastructure , and leadership roles . After EDS , Crouch held senior level positions with Certified Merchant Services and was a founding partner of Encore Payment Systems which merged with EVO Payments International ( `` EVO '' ) in 2013 . Most recently at EVO , Crouch held the position of U.S. Chief Information Officer .
Crouch has lead development and implementation teams that are credited with creating innovative software systems that support boarding and underwriting , residual payments , client portals , and other integrated solutions . His teams have also developed high-volume , high-speed transaction processing engines that provided opportunities and competitive advantages in the financial services industry .
`` JetPay already has industry-leading technology in many key areas -- especially the fast-growing e-commerce and recurring payments segments , as well as a proven reputation for unparalleled reliability and uptime , '' stated Crouch . `` I 'm looking forward to working with the technology , sales , and operations teams to help shape JetPay 's future information technology demands that support the opportunities and growth JetPay is currently experiencing , and to taking JetPay 's technology to the next level , '' stated Crouch .
Diane Faro , CEO of JetPay , added , `` With John 's experience and skill-set , his leadership will help JetPay expand our information technology and integrated development solutions to capitalize on the opportunities in our key market segments . John has proven success developing business solutions that add efficiencies , reduce internal costs , and provide innovative technology for our customers . ''
About JetPay Corporation
JetPay Corporation , based in Center Valley , PA , is a leading provider of vertically integrated solutions for businesses including card acceptance , payment processing , payroll , payroll tax filing and human capital management services , and other financial transactions . JetPay provides a single vendor solution for payment services , debit and credit card processing , ACH services , and payroll and human capital management needs for businesses throughout the United States . The Company also offers low-cost payment choices for the employees of these businesses to replace costly alternatives . The Company 's vertically aligned services provide customers with convenience and increased revenues by lowering payments-related costs and by designing innovative , customized solutions for internet , mobile , and cloud-based payments . Please visit www.jetpay.com for more information on what JetPay has to offer or call 866- 4JetPay ( 866-453-8729 ) .
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release includes `` forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . JetPay 's actual results may differ from its expectations , estimates and projections and consequently , you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events . Words such as `` expect , '' `` estimate , '' `` project , '' `` budget , '' `` forecast , '' `` anticipate , '' `` intend , '' `` plan , '' `` may , '' `` will , '' `` could , '' `` should , '' `` believes , '' `` predicts , '' `` potential , '' `` continue , '' and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements . These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results . Most of these factors are outside JetPay 's control and are difficult to predict . Factors that may cause such differences include , but are not limited to , those described under the heading `` Risk Factors '' in the Company 's Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( `` SEC '' ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , the Company 's Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q and the Company 's Current Reports on Form 8-K .
JetPay cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive . Additional information concerning these and other risk factors is contained in JetPay 's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning JetPay or other matters and attributable to JetPay or any person acting on its behalf , are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above . JetPay cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements , which speak only as of the date made . JetPay does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events , conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based .
Aroldis Chapman 's spring debut is a wild one TAMPA — Aroldis Chapman worked a game Sunday for the first time this spring and looked like Mitch Williams , circa 1993 . The Yankees ' closer faced three batters , hit one , gave ...
What Aroldis Chapman worked on to eliminate 'rough patch ' TAMPA — After signing a five-year , $ 86 million deal to return to the Yankees last year , Aroldis Chapman did n't have an ideal first full season in The Bronx . He missed ...
Goose Gossage : Brian Cashman has no balls , 'disgrace to Yankees ' TAMPA — When Goose Gossage slammed closed the bullpen door at Yankee Stadium from 1978 to 1983 , more often than not the game was over . After slamming Brian Cashman on ...
Tommy Kahnle saves his worst for last HOUSTON — In Game 2 of the ALCS , it was Aroldis Chapman that faltered at Minute Maid Park . Then it was David Robertson in Game 6 , when he surrendered four ...
Aroldis Chapman rebounds from Game 2 loss The last time Aroldis Chapman pitched in the ALCS , he allowed the game-winning double in a crushing Game 2 defeat in Houston . It was the lefty 's only appearance since last ...
Yankees make improbable comeback to even series at 2-2 The House Built By The Boss never sounded like it did in the eighth inning Tuesday . And it never shook like it , either . Finally , in its ninth season of existence , ...
Severino 'did n't agree ' with being taken out of the game HOUSTON — A bad night for the Yankees was nearly considerably worse when Luis Severino was pulled after just four innings in their 2-1 loss to Houston in Game 2 ...
'Stay tuned ' : Girardi strongly hints at a new DH for Game 1 HOUSTON — With his DHs hitless in 20 at-bats during the ALDS , the Yankees ' Joe Girardi sounded like a manager contemplating adding a third wheel to the picture . Asked about ...
Aroldis Chapman stared down his ghosts of last year CLEVELAND — Aroldis Chapman picked up the save in Wednesday night 's 5-2 Game 5 victory over the Indians to finish off the Yankees ' ALDS win at Progressive Field . On the ...
The B.C . government is forging ahead with building the controversial Site C dam project , a decision that is leaving ranchers and farmers along the construction route disappointed .
Premier John Horgan announced today that the government will continue to construct Site C , a $ 10.7-billion project located on the Peace River near Fort St. John , B.C .
Farmers and ranchers along the construction route are being forced to leave because once the dam is complete , it will divert the river and flood farmland .
The project was initially started by the previous Liberal government but , when the NDP took power , Horgan promised he would get the B.C . Utilities Commission to review the project 's viability .
ADVERTISEMENT
Upon reviewing the commission 's findings , Horgan said during a news conference that B.C . had no choice but to go ahead with the project . If the government chose to stop it and remediate the land , it would have cost $ 4 billion .
“ This is not a project we favour or one we would have stated , but we 're three years in , ” Horgan said . “ But we have to make a decision . It 's not an easy one , but we have to focus on the future and deliver . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But producers who are losing their homes and land because of the project say the government should have walked away from Site C .
Ken Boon , the president of the Peace Valley Landowners Association , said B.C . does n't need this new power source right away , arguing the government could have installed renewable energy sources , like solar , geothermal or wind , in the future .
“ We 're devastated , ” said Boon , who farms near Fort St. John . “ To flood the only Class 1 farmland for power that we do n't need right now is unfortunate . Constructing dams is becoming more costly and renewables are only getting cheaper . ”
Those in favour of the dam have argued the project is necessary because it will help bring utility rates down and ensure construction jobs are n't lost .
Horgan said it was tough weighing both sides of the debate , but argued he had to do what was best for the province .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said if the dam project was killed , average electricity rates would go up by $ 198 per year and debt would skyrocket , which would make it more challenging for the government to borrow and build new schools or hospitals .
The dam , which has yet to face another court challenge , has been slated to be complete by 2024 . It 's estimated it will produce enough power for 450,000 homes .
Contact jeremy.simes @ producer.com
PASCO COUNTY , Fla. — Donna Smith got a frightening phone call two weeks ago . Someone claiming to be a Lieutenant from the Pasco Sheriff 's Office told her she had an outstanding warrant for missing jury duty .
“ The last thing I wanted was to think I was going to be arrested . ”
They said she had to pay up to avoid going to jail , so she followed their instructions because `` everything sounded so official. ” She bought a prepaid debit card and gave them the number .
“ I was upset , got caught up in the moment . ”
Donna is out more than $ 300 , but she 's not the only one .
The Sheriff 's Office says 12 people have reported similar calls , some losing thousands . There are also dozens more victimized by other phone and internet scams .
“ The money that you sent is gone . The Sheriff 's office is not going to be able to get it back for you , ” said Detective Anthony Cardillo .
RECOMMENDED : Police department warns of Netflix phishing scam
The thieves are using untraceable numbers and are likely out of the country .
“ We 've talked to the gentlemen and the ladies on the other side of that phone number . They know they are scam artists . We 've informed them that we know they are scam artists . But they know that we are so limited and how far it reaches to catch them , that they laugh at us , ” said Cardillo .
“ I pray and hope that people will really pay attention that when they get these phone calls , and the minute they ask about money you should hang up , ” said Smith .
To verify the person calling is legit , do n't just call the same number back . Look up the information so you know it 's real .
Donna now knows not to trust anyone that calls asking for money or personal information .
“ Never ever again . ”
The Sheriff 's Office says two of the numbers they 've noticed as frequent callers are 727-258-5651 and 727-258-5654 .
Members of President Donald Trump 's campaign team had ongoing contacts with Russian intelligence officials before the presidential election , the New York Times reported Monday night .
The report said U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted a number of communications last year as they were investigating claims that Russia was trying to influence the U.S. election . The Times said that there was no evidence as of yet that the Trump campaign was colluding with Russia , but the amount of contact was worrisome as it occurred while Trump was praising Russian President Vladimir Putin .
The Times reported that communications were not limited to Trump 's campaign team , and also involved other Trump associates , as well as other Russian officials not associated with intelligence agencies .
CNN corroborated the report , saying investigators were particularly concerned about the unusual frequency of the contacts and how they involved senior Trump advisers .
Two members of Trump 's inner circle have resigned over their close ties to Russia : campaign chairman Paul Manafort quit his post last August after growing criticism over his ties to pro-Russian interests in Ukraine ; on Monday , national security adviser Mike Flynn resigned over a scandal involving conversations with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. before Trump 's inauguration .
Flynn 's Russian Contacts : The Unanswered Questions ( 2:19 ) After National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned on Monday , questions remain about his discussion of sanctions with Russia 's ambassador . What are some of the unknowns ? WSJ 's Jason Bellini reports . Photo : AP
Earlier Tuesday , the Wall Street Journal reported the FBI had questioned Flynn in January , after the White House had already denied that Flynn had talked about easing U.S. sanctions against Russia with the ambassador . The Journal reported intelligence officials had intercepted communications between the two that revealed Flynn did talk about the sanctions , raising the possibility of criminal charges .
Congressional Democrats — and a growing number of Republicans — have called for an investigation into the matter .
We all know Shahrukh Khan is working with Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif in Aanand L Rai 's next film . King Khan will play the role of a dwarf in the movie .
But the actor is avoiding getting clicked with both Anushka and Katrina on the sets of the film and there is a reason behind it . Want to know more ? Then scroll down .
Not Easy To Work With Two Actresses A source told Bollywood Life , `` Everyone is aware that working with two heroines that too A-Lister 's is not easy for any actor . '' SRK Is Friendly With Them `` Shahrukh Khan has worked with them before and is friendly with them . '' The Big Question `` Like every two-heroine project , there are questions about how much screen space Katrina or Anushka will share with the actor . '' This Is The Reason `` The two ( SRK and Rai ) have decided not to fuel any such speculations by adopting a simple method . The superstar is not getting any pictures clicked with either of them . '' Their Strategy `` SRK and Rai are very much aware of this and have taken this step . '' No Actress Can Claim This `` No actress ' team can get an upper hand and say that she has the bigger role , '' added the source . Shahrukh Is Working With Rai For The First Time In an interview to a daily , Aanand L Rai had revealed , `` Shahrukh 's love and confidence shows his affection and that makes me more responsible . '' SRK 's Attachment To The Story `` The best part is he makes me more confident and it gives me a lot of strength . It shows his attachment to the story . It is great for me to work with such a sensible man and this experience will stay with me life long . This relationship will be with me till I am here . ''
Also Read : DREAMY INSIDE PICTURES ! Anushka Sharma & Virat Kohli Look So Much In Love In NEW Wedding Snaps
Ontario Centres of Excellence ( OCE ) selected FOX-TEK to participate in the Business-to-Government Initiative
TORONTO , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - Augusta Industries Inc. ( the `` Corporation '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : AAO ) is pleased to announce that its wholly owned subsidiary , Marcon International Inc. ( `` Marcon '' ) , has been awarded contracts with various departments of the United States government for the supply of instrumentation and equipment . The aggregate value of the agreement entered into was $ 206,830.48 in the month of March . The current pipeline of orders , including these new contracts , is $ 550,927.02 as of April 17 , 2017 .
The Corporation would also like to announce that its wholly owned subsidiary FOX-TEK Canada Inc. ( `` FOX-TEK '' ) , has been selected to participate in the Business-to-Government Zone premiering at Ontario Centres of Excellence ( OCE ) Discovery .
The Business-to-Government initiative ( B2G ) at Discovery 2017 will create an opportunity for high-growth technology companies to build awareness of their products or services directly with the public sector potentially fostering business opportunities and partnerships . B2G invites companies to participate in a series of 10-minute , one-on-one meetings with targeted government representatives to showcase solutions and demonstrate the importance of support to their sector .
`` The Corporation is pleased that it continues to enter into new agreements with various entities of the United States government , '' stated Allen Lone , President of the Corporation . `` We are very excited that we have been selected to participate in the Business to Government initiative which will give the Corporation the exposure and result in increased sales and continued growth . ''
About the Corporation :
Through its wholly owned subsidiaries , Marcon and Fox-Tek Canada Inc. ( `` Fox-Tek '' ) , the Corporation provides a variety of services and products to a number of clients .
Marcon is an industrial supply contractor servicing the energy sector and a number of US Government entities . Marcon 's principal business is the sale and distribution of industrial parts and equipment ( Electrical , mechanical and Instrumentation . ) In addition to departments and agencies of the U.S. Government , Marcon 's major clients include Saudi Arabia-Sabic Services ( Refining and Petrochemical ) , Bahrain National Gas Co , Bahrain Petroleum , Qatar Petroleum , Qatar Gas , Qatar Petrochemical , Gulf of Suez Petroleum , Agiba Petroleum and Burullus Gas Co .
Fox-Tek develops non-intrusive asset health monitoring sensor systems for the oil and gas market to help operators track the thinning of pipelines and refinery vessels due to corrosion/erosion , strain due to bending/buckling and process pressure and temperature . The Corporation 's FT fiber optic sensor and corrosion monitoring systems allow cost-effective , 24/7 remote monitoring capabilities to improve scheduled maintenance operations , avoid unnecessary shutdowns , and prevent accidents and leaks .
The TSX Venture Exchange has in no way passed upon the merits of the proposed transaction and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release .
This press release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions , uncertainties and management 's best estimates of future events . Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated . Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements are detailed from time to time in the Corporation 's periodic reports filed with the Ontario Securities Commission and other regulatory authorities . The Corporation has no intention or obligation to teupda or revise any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
After receiving information from authorities at TennCare , TBI agents began investigating Thelma Dees-Johnson on Oct. 26 , 2011 .
Dees-Johnson , a licensed practical counselor , was the owner of Bridgeway Mental Health Services .
During the investigation , agents determined during a period of several years , Dees-Johnson may have submitted claims to TennCare for counseling services she did not perform . Agents suspect Dees-Johnson was not at her office on some days her services were billed .
In 2015 , Dees-Johnson dissolved the company and moved to Palatka , Fla .
On March 24 , a Davidson County grand jury returned an indictment charging Dees-Johnson , 61 , with one count of TennCare fraud of more than $ 60,000 . On Friday , she was booked into the Davidson County Jail and held on $ 25,000 bond .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption `` I have a gun in my pocket '' – the moment Alek Minassian was arrested .
A driver suspected of killing 10 people and injuring 15 more by ploughing a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto has appeared in court in the city .
Alek Minassian , 25 , was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Mr Minassian wore a white jumpsuit , with a shaved head and his hands behind his back . He showed little emotion .
He was read the charges and ordered to have no contact with surviving victims . He will return to court on 10 May .
A man believed to be a relative of Mr Minassian 's sat in the front row of the court and wept . Asked by reporters after the hearing if he had anything to say , the man replied `` sorry '' .
Skip Twitter post by @ TomLlamasABC This man , believed to be Minassian 's relative , was escorted out by court officials and was crying in the front row during the hearing . He said `` sorry '' when asked if he had anything to say to the people of Canada and softly said `` no '' when asked if there were warning signs . @ ABC pic.twitter.com/dm6whWGEbt — Tom Llamas ( @ TomLlamasABC ) April 24 , 2018 Report
Mr Minassian 's court appearance came shortly after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addressed reporters in the city , calling the incident a `` senseless attack and a horrific tragedy '' .
The suspect was arrested several blocks from the scene of the attack , after a tense standoff with a police officer , during which he pointed an object at the officer and claimed to have a gun .
`` I do n't care . Get down , '' the officer said , before arresting Mr Minassian without firing a shot . The arrest was filmed by two bystanders and the officer was praised for not opening fire .
Mr Trudeau praised the police response , saying officers `` faced danger without a moment of hesitation '' .
Image copyright Instagram/vodkawaterpapi Image caption Mr Minassian confronted a police officer and claimed to have a gun
How did the incident unfold ?
Police said the suspect in the van mounted the kerb on Yonge Street between Finch Avenue and Sheppard Avenue at about 13:30 local time ( 17:30 GMT ) on Monday and drove into pedestrians along a 1km ( 0.6-mile ) stretch .
Reza Hashemi , who owns a video shop on Yonge Street , told the BBC he heard screaming on the other side of the road . He said the van was repeatedly mounting the pavement and running into people .
One witness told City News that the driver was `` hitting anything that comes in the way '' .
`` People , fire hydrants , there 's mail boxes being run over , '' said the unnamed man , who said he was driving behind the van during the incident .
As the van continued , the man said he sounded his horn to try to warn pedestrians . `` I witnessed at least six , seven people being hit and flying in the air , like killed , on the street , '' he said .
Pictures from the scene showed bodies covered in orange sheets along the van 's route . Debris and items of clothing were scattered across the pavements and road .
The van was brought to a halt by police several streets away and was quickly surrounded . The suspect was arrested 26 minutes after the first emergency call was made to the police .
What is known of the suspect ?
Police say Mr Minassian is from the northern Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill and was not previously known to authorities . `` The actions definitely looked deliberate , '' said Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders .
Image copyright LinkedIn Image caption Suspect Alek Minassian appeared in court on Tuesday
Public safety minister Ralph Goodale said there `` would appear to be no national security connections '' and Canadian broadcaster CBC cited government officials as saying Mr Minassian was not associated with any known terror groups .
Facebook has deleted Mr Minassian 's account , but a copy of a post has emerged said to have been written by the suspect shortly before the attack on Monday .
Canada 's Globe and Mail newspaper and CBC network said Facebook had confirmed the authenticity of the post . The BBC has not independently verified it .
The post praises Elliott Rodger , a 22 year old from California who killed six people with his car in 2014 .
The post reads : `` The Incel Rebellion has already begun ! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys ! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger ! ''
The term `` incel '' refers to a now-banned group on the message site Reddit where young men discussed their lack of sexual activity and attractiveness to women - often blaming women for the problem .
`` Chads and Stacys '' refers to attractive men and women who are perceived as better than or unavailable to `` incels '' , which is short for `` involuntary celibate '' .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Emergency services flooded the area along Yonge Street
Mr Minassian had previously attended a school for students with special needs in north Toronto , former classmates said .
He would be seen walking around Thornlea Secondary School with his head down and hands clasped tightly together making meowing noises , Shereen Chami told Reuters .
But she said Mr Minassian had not been violent . `` He was n't a social person , but from what I remember he was absolutely harmless , '' she told Reuters .
Another former student , Ari Bluff , told CBC that Minassian did not seem to have many friends . `` I remember seeing him probably just walking down the halls , usually by himself , or in the cafeteria by himself , '' he said .
Mr Minassian went on to attend Seneca College in the North York area of Toronto , where the van incident took place , CBC reported . Reporter James Moore , with Newtalk 1010 , told the BBC he had heard reports that Mr Minassian was regarded as being `` quite brilliant '' .
The Globe and Mail quotes a fellow student as saying Minassian was good at working with specialised computer chips used to process images .
Who were the victims ?
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Anne Marie D'Amico was `` full of life '' , her colleague said
So far , the name of only one of those who died has emerged . She has been identified as Anne-Marie D'Amico , who worked for the US investment company , Invesco , CBC reports . The company 's Canadian headquarters are on Yonge Street .
A South Korean foreign ministry official told AFP news agency that two of its citizens were among the dead .
The 15 injured remain in hospitals throughout Toronto .
What else is known ?
Van rental company Ryder System Inc confirmed that one of its vehicles was involved and said it was co-operating with authorities .
The incident happened while foreign ministers of the G7 leading industrialised nations - Canada , the US , Britain , France , Germany , Italy and Japan - were holding talks in Toronto .
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the G7 meetings would continue on Tuesday as planned . `` The work of the ministers obviously goes on . This is a very sad day for the people of Toronto and the people of Canada , '' she said .
City Mayor John Tory urged residents to remain calm . `` This kind of tragic incident is not representative of how we live or who we are or anything to do with life in the city on a day-to-day basis , '' he said .
The White House issued a statement saying the US `` stands with the Canadian people '' and offering `` any support Canada may need '' .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People signed a memorial card for the victims near the scene
Did you witness the attack ? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk .
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist . You can also contact us in the following ways :
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – A South Florida student in serious trouble . He is accused of making a threat against his school .
Police were called to Somerset Academy in Pembroke Pines Tuesday , when the 14-year-old apparently threatened to shoot up the school after he failed a placement exam .
The student later told police he was joking .
Police were not laughing . The teen now faces one felony and one misdemeanor charge .
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel . From time to time , there are fairly untouched gems , like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago . For very different reasons , Germany , Argentina , the Philippines , and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list .
Wander Minnesota : The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans ( of all ages ) of the legendary animation studio .
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Do n't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America 's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America 's best fly fishing rivers
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Indianapolis Colts coach Chuck Pagano has scheduled a news conference for 1:30 p.m. Monday .
He 's expected to recap the season and possibly address his future with the team . With the win over the Jaguars Sunday , Indianapolis ( 8-8 ) narrowly avoided its first losing season since Pagano took the job in 2012 .
Watch Pagano 's remarks live here on WISHTV.com at 1:30 p.m .
Usually , teams are willing to stick with coaches who have records of 49-31 , three playoff appearances , two division titles and one AFC championship appearance . But after missing the playoffs in consecutive years for the first time since 1997-98 , fans have soured on Pagano and general manager Ryan Grigson .
Fans have largely split over who is more culpable for the Colts ' plight and some want both gone .
The answers could come Monday .
“ I do n't think it 's stuck in neutral . I think it 's moving forward , ” Andrew Luck said when asked to assess where the Colts are headed . “ Obviously , it 's about having a better record and getting into the playoffs . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The former governor of Cross River State , Donald Duke has advocated for more attention should be focused towards reviving the tourism sector as it cuts across other sectors of the economy . Speaking in Calabar the Cross River State Capital , Mr. Duke made reference to the need for the Free Trade Zone in Calabar to work … Continue reading Donald Advocates For Revival Of Tourism In Nigeria
The post Donald Advocates For Revival Of Tourism In Nigeria appeared first on Channels Television .
There is a distinctly international flavour to a colourful selection of new books this Christmas from the rather aptly named Gecko Press .
Based in Wellington , New Zealand , Gecko Press is an independent publisher of ‘ curiously good ' children 's books and is on a mission to translate works by some of the world 's best writers and illustrators . By championing eclectic stories , rich in language and illustration and with a strong ‘ heart factor , ' it aims to encourage children to love to read .
Age 5 plus :
Impossible Inventions : Ideas that should n't work by Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski
Let your children revel in the power of the imagination with some amazing and oddball inventions that many of us have never even heard of !
Polish author and illustration team , Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski , have put together this entertaining and creative fully illustrated book which uncovers 28 extraordinary patented inventions that never saw the light of day .
Some are revolutionary , some are extraordinary and some are downright oddball and comical but each one testifies to the remarkable imagination of their inventor .
Marvel at Leonardo da Vinci , the 15th century artist who invented an elevator , a tank , a helicopter , a pair of shoes for walking on water but was considered to be just a dreamer , yet today is recognised as a genius way ahead of his time .
And have fun discovering other inventions like a flying bicycle , a bubble messenger , passenger clouds and passenger birds , a robotic chess master , a concentration helmet and many more astonishing – and almost impossible – ideas .
This brilliant book , which includes ideas ancient and modern , revolutionary and comical , is simply brimming with witty , richly coloured illustrations and concise , fully accessible descriptions and will hopefully inspire a new generation of youngsters to get inventing themselves !
( Gecko Press , hardback , £14.99 )
Age 5 plus :
Wolfy by Grégoire Solotareff
With over a million copies sold in its original French edition , Wolfy is an enduring and endearing story about a rabbit and a wolf who want to be best friends .
Wolfy is a beautiful story about the youthful innocence of friendship , full of fun and humour and featuring prolific author and illustrator Grégoire Solotareff 's world class artwork with dramatic perspectives and warm characters .
Once upon a time there was a rabbit who had never seen a wolf , and a young wolf who had never seen a rabbit . The pair meet and become good friends . Tom the rabbit teaches the wolf to play marbles , read , count and fish . Wolfy teaches Tom to run very , very fast . But eventually their friendship is tested by the classic game , Who 's afraid of the big bad wolf ? Can the little rabbit and the young wolf remain the best of friends after playing such a scary game ?
Beautifully offbeat , gorgeously illustrated and with an uplifting message about friendship , diversity , understanding and loyalty , this is a warm and wise book which will delight both youngsters and their parents .
( Gecko Press , hardback , £11.99 )
Age 5 plus :
Follow Finn : A Search-and-Find Maze Book by Peter Goes
Everyone likes a challenge and children will be raring to go when they open the pages of this magnificent search-and-find book of mazes and puzzles from Peter Goes , Belgian illustrator and author of international bestseller Timeline .
Readers can follow adventurer Finn through the story while completing the super search-and-find mazes and exciting puzzles .
Finn wakes up with a start . Goblins are on the loose and the house are in uproar ! When they flee , Finn 's dog Sep follows so Finn quickly gathers his clothes to join the chase… but can he find his way through this fabulous fantasy world ?
Each spread in this exquisitely drawn book is packed with detail , and the text gives the reader tasks along with telling the story…help Finn gather his clothes , find a mouse , three bulls and five rabbits , work out the right keys for the right lock , and locate the beginning and end of each maze .
The busy , highly detailed , two-tone illustrations make the book a thrilling challenge for youngsters as they follow Finn on his magical , mystery-packed tour which is guaranteed to keep youngsters absorbed and entertained for hours .
( Gecko Press , hardback , £11.99 )
Age 3 plus :
Good Night Sleep Tight by Kristina Andres
Award-winning German artist Kristina Andres works her special magic in a beautiful read-aloud book featuring 11½ goodnight stories from friends fox and hare who help each other get to sleep… sometimes !
Full of heartwarming stories of friendship , fun and life in the country , this is a gorgeous hardback , gift book and the enchanting stories are destined to become a family favourite .
Fox and Rabbit live quite far away in a bright little house beyond the molehills . If they ca n't sleep , they count the goodnights ( 335 in total ) and when they wish each other a goodnight , the rustling pear tree , the raspberries and the stars join in . But sometimes when they ca n't sleep , they do outrageous things like swing on the light shades , jump from the wardrobe on to the mattress and invent new words and ways of saying goodnight . But whichever way they get to sleep , they are always best friends .
The perfect wind-down book for reading at bedtime… it might even help to send little ones off to sleep !
( Gecko Press , hardback , £12.99 )
Age 3 plus :
The Longest Breakfast by Jenny Bornholdt and Sarah Wilkins
What is the best meal of the day ? It has to be breakfast !
Young readers will be hungry to feast their eyes on this warm-hearted , fun-filled and riotous picture book romp about the best – and busiest –meal of the day from top New Zealand duo , poet Jenny Bornholdt and illustrator Sarah Wilkins .
The baby wants breakfast so kind-hearted Malcolm gets out of bed to get started . Then in comes Toby . And Una and Toto , then Alice… they are all hungry too . And then Conrad and his sister Ruby arrive from next door in search of breakfast . Malcolm is rushed off his feet now because everyone wants to eat something different . But who is taking notice of the baby ?
The Longest Breakfast is a fun story full of recognisable scenes from family life and with an adorable baby at the centre . Every parent will relate to the kindly Malcolm as he tries to handle all the requests for food while children will love following the joke that is hidden in the illustrations .
And with a brilliant twist in the ending , this is a book that children will want to return to time and time again !
( Gecko Press , paperback , £7.99 )
Age one plus :
Bim Bam Boom by Frédéric Stehr
Here 's a colourful and playful board book that will have your little music maestros dancing for joy !
Bim Bam Boom – the work of French illustrator Frédéric Stehr – captures the addictive delight of making music with anything to hand as well as celebrating the all-too-familiar cheekiness of a typical toddler .
A pot and two wooden spoons… bim , bam , a little owl is making music ! Canary , sparrow , chick and raven join her to create sound and rhythm with a selection of pots and pans , two saucepan lids , a bowl and a ladle . Boom , boom . What ARE you all doing ? asks Big Owl . It seems this kind of tin-pan music is n't for everyone .
Full of quirky characters , energy and naughtiness , Bim Bam Boom is a symphony of fun and frolics , and little ones will love following the flock of noisy birds right up to the delightful twist in the tail !
( Gecko Press , board book , £7.99 )
The Nets are n't fooling anybody , especially themselves . They admit after finishing an NBA-worst 20-62 they have far too many holes to fill in one offseason or with one player . The struggle is real – and it 's going to be long .
“ We know we have a long way to go , so we understand that . We 're very realistic , '' coach Kenny Atkinson said Monday . “ Obviously the losses were n't easy . But we understood what we were getting into . I know in the long run the adversity we had to face , it was almost like , ‘ You deserve to face that . This is what it is . ' It made me a better coach ; it made our players better players to go through that struggle . ”
Despite having $ 33 million to spend , it seems unlikely the Nets will blow it in one place on an older , maximum-salary star such as Hawks forward Paul Millsap or Jazz point guard George Hill . The Nets know no one splashy signing would remake the team . Instead , they must be creative and fill as many holes as possible .
“ Where we stand , it 'd be silly for us to say we 're only going to go after one particular player or one particular position . None of us are happy – and that includes our players – winning 20 games , '' general manager Sean Marks said . “ We 've got to continue to build , get the right caliber players to fit into this group and be strategic along the way . ”
Millsap , 32 , could command a four-year , $ 154 million max contract . Hill , 30 , is reportedly after a four-year , $ 132 million deal .
“ We 've got to really evaluate the roster , '' Marks said . “ If you go after one of the top-tier guys , you 'd obviously hope to get him , but does that really make you better ? Does it get you to 30 wins , 35 wins ? The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs .
“ You do n't want to go and sign free agents and next thing you know your payroll is capped out and you 're a 25-win team . So , we 're going to have to build this strategically , have patience with it . … We 'll look at everything that suits the current roster and the rosters for 2018 and 2019 and so forth . So , we 're going to have a big-picture view on this looking down the road . ”
Down the road , the Nets are better off banking on young players ' potential than overpaying for old players ' past . Restricted free agents such as Otto Porter ( 23 ) , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ( 24 ) or even Tim Hardaway Jr. ( 25 ) make far more sense , though Porter and Caldwell-Pope could garner max deals .
The Pistons intend to match even a max offer for Caldwell-Pope , according to the Detroit Free Press . But the Nets would be wise to test that .
They also would be wise to scout Europe hard , which they 've been doing . Marks hit Germany , Russia , Spain and Turkey in a week-plus sojourn last month . He 's expected to go back for more this week ( looking at Milos Teodosic ) , and said assistant GM Trajan Langdon will scout 10 games in the Euroleague playoffs .
While the NBA salary cap has jumped , salaries in Europe have gone down . Ex-Knick Alexey Shved tops the list at $ 3.5 million , Teodosic is making $ 2.5 million and forward Nicolo Melli – whom Marks scouted last month at Germany 's Brose Bamberg – is believed to pocket less than $ 1 million . The Nets have been linked to European teens Rodions Kurucs and Isaiah Hartenstein with the Celtics ' late-first-round pick in mock drafts .
“ Right now for the Nets , given their recent past with giving up draft picks , they have to be creative , '' ESPN international draft expert Fran Fraschilla told The Post . “ They 've got to get lucky with the late-first-rounders , get lucky with free agency , get lucky oversees finding a couple guys who turn out to be good . ”
Accidents and incidents involving online security typically costs banks £1.37m or US $ 1.75m to resolve , according to Kaspersky Lab .
The Russian cybersecurity and anti-virus provider 's just-published report on cybersecurity threats in the financial sector finds that an accident involving a bank 's online banking services typically costs around twice that of recovering from a malware incident , which typically carries a price tag of around $ 825,000 to resolve .
The study shows that 61 % of cybersecurity incidents affecting online banking come with additional costs for the institution targeted – including data loss , the loss of brand/company reputation , confidential information becoming leaked , and more .
The report 's authors urge financial institutions to consider the cost implications of cybersecurity threats and put appropriate measures in place to protect themselves and their customers from incidents involving online banking – particularly from distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks , which can threaten online banking services .
DDoS attacks against financial institutions are often designed to cripple banking websites . The report shows that when organisations are attacked by DDoS , customer-facing resources suffer more in banking , than in any other sector .
For example , 49 % of banks that have suffered a DDoS attack have had their public website affected – against 41 % of non-financial institutions – and 48 % have had their online banking affected when they 've been targeted by DDoS .
While banks worry about attacks against their online banking services more than about many other threats , the report suggests that it is a lesser concern for them than malware and targeted attacks , although DDoS is costlier to recover from than malware .
Recovering from DDoS is also more expensive for banks than non-financial organisations . The report shows that a DDoS incident can cost a financial institution US $ 1.17m to recover from , compared to US $ 952,000 for businesses in other sectors .
With the most feared consequence of a cyber incident being the loss of brand/company reputation for 17 % of financial institutions , the report urges businesses in the sector to be more aware of the dangers they face , to protect their services , customers and brands from harm .
“ In the banking sector reputation is everything , and security goes hand-in-hand with this , ” says Kirill Ilganaev , head of Kaspersky DDoS protection , Kaspersky Lab . “ If a bank 's online services come under attack , it is very difficult for customers to trust that bank with their money , so it 's easy to see why an attack could be so crippling .
“ If banks are to protect themselves effectively from the price tag of an online banking cybersecurity incident , they first need to become more prepared for the dangers DDoS attacks pose to their online banking services . This threat should be featuring higher on banks ' security priorities . ”
0 views
Police believe two local girls who have gone missing may be in Northern Ireland .
Grace Elizabeth McKinney ( 8 ) and Kara McKinney ( 5 ) are thought to be travelling with their father Michael McKinney , his girlfriend Martina and Woody ( 3 ) .
Grace and Kara were last known to be in the Alyth area of Perthshire and have previously been known to camp with their father in the West coast area , Fort William and Skye .
They are all thought to have travelled to Northern Ireland on Thursday August 10 , most likely in their campervan .
It is described a cream-coloured Elddis Autoquest Motorhome , registration H36 PBO .
Grace is described as 4'10 ” slim with red/auburn hair and Kara is 4 ' 0 ” with red/auburn hair .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Tech 's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
PHOENIX , AZ -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - MK Automotive , Inc. ( OTC PINK : MKAU ) , announced today that its Clikia video platform has opened an official Apple `` Test Flight '' of its new mobile app that operates on the Apple iOS operating system .
`` This step is important in completing our control panel to meet the needs of our subscribers and we are thankful to our testers for the important help and feedback in its configuration . This `` Test Flight '' is open to 250 users , and Clikia will connect directly with many of the participants , '' said MK Automotive CEO and Clikia founder , David Loflin .
`` According to a recent Forbes article Apple App Store generated over $ 20 billion in revenues for developers like clikia . We are excited to be part of such a large ecosystem '' , said MK Automotive CEO and Clikia founder , David Loflin .
To request a participation invite , please send an email to testflight @ clikia.tv
Services can be viewed at http : //clikia.tv
About Clikia : With the launch of Clikia , we will enter the `` over-the-top '' content delivery industry . We view `` over-the-top '' as an extremely attractive and active marketplace , positioned at the very center of the inevitable , unstoppable merger of two dynamic universes : television and digital video . OTT stands for `` over-the-top , '' the term used for the delivery of film and TV content via the Internet , without requiring users to subscribe to a traditional cable or satellite pay-TV service , like Comcast or Time Warner Cable . Clikia 's entertainment streaming packages are flexible enough to satisfy younger consumer groups , as well as the more `` established '' consumer groups who are more comfortable with securing a complete buffet of programming options .
This Press Release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . These forward-looking statements are based on the current plans and expectations of management and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks that could significantly affect the company 's current plans and expectations , as well as future results of operations and financial condition . A more extensive listing of risks and factors that may affect the company 's business prospects and cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the reports and other documents filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and OTC Markets , Inc. OTC Disclosure and News Service . The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
Dundee 's existing train station facilities could undergo a £700,000 revamp if the move is approved by the city council .
An application for a building warrant has been submitted to planning officers by IDP Architects , on behalf of Abellio Scotrail .
IDP has previous experience of train stations , having worked on the design of the Broughty Ferry station revamp as well as the new Haymarket , Edinburgh Gateway and Edinburgh Park stations .
In the application , the firm describes how the station could be subject to an “ internal fit out ” covering almost every aspect of the existing station building .
Among the alterations suggested , architect Francesca Edge has asked for permission to create a new waiting area alongside a revamp of the existing seating facilities .
In addition , the station would also receive new electrical wiring and heating , and existing toilet facilities would be completely refurbished , including the installation of new cubicles .
In addition , IDP has also requested permission to create a new wet room for disabled passengers , a shower room and a tea preparation area .
The station 's concourse would also undergo reglazing and have new flooring and decoration installed .
A price tag of £700,000 has been stamped on the cost of the station refit , which will compliment the new £28 million entrance and 120-room Sleeperz hotel under construction .
The old station entrance was demolished in 2015 in order to make way for the new arc-shaped complex , which is being built by Balfour Beatty .
The application is set to be reviewed by planning officers later this month .
A Scotrail Alliance spokeswoman said more detail would be available “ soon ” on the redevelopment .
She said : “ Dundee Station is one of several major stations in our network that is undergoing redevelopment .
“ Customers want to use stations that are modern , accessible and offer good facilities . More detail will be available soon around the plans for Dundee . ”
The Trump administration loosened Obama-era birth control requirements on Friday , saying most providers of health insurance could refuse to pay for an employee 's birth control if the provider shows “ sincerely held ” religious or moral objections .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Administration Rolling Back Obama-Era Birth Control Mandate 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The new regulations , which take effect immediately , protect groups such as the Little Sisters of the Poor from litigation if they refuse to provide contraceptive coverage , but widen the pool of those shielded to include nonprofits , for-profit companies , other nongovernmental employers , and schools and universities .
`` These rules will not affect over 99.9 percent of the 165 million women in the United States , '' the Health and Human Services Department said in a statement .
“ No American should be forced to violate his or her own conscience in order to abide by the laws and regulations governing our health care system , ” HHS spokeswoman Caitlin Oakley said . “ Today 's actions affirm the Trump administration 's commitment to upholding the freedoms afforded all Americans under our constitution . ”
One of the most controversial — and most welcomed — requirements of the 2010 Affordable Care Act was a regulation for health insurance plans to provide birth control coverage free to patients .
Related : Most Americans Support Birth Control Mandate
The thinking behind it was to lower costs and improve health by helping more women get contraception , because pregnancy is much more expensive and dangerous to a woman 's health than using birth control , and because upward of 40 percent of pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned .
Some religious groups objected and sued . The Roman Catholic Church opposes most methods of birth control , and some other religious groups object to certain forms of birth control .
Related : Birth Control Mandate Next on Trump Agenda
The move fulfills a promise made by President Donald Trump in a Rose Garden ceremony in May when he signed an executive order that he said restored religious freedoms , said Roger Severino , director of the Office for Civil Rights at the Health and Human Services Department .
“ By taking away women 's access to no-cost birth control coverage , the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women . ”
“ That was a promise made , and this was a promise kept , ” Severino told reporters . The new rule , he said , provides “ relief to those who have been under the thumb of the federal government . ”
Medical and legal groups immediately objected .
“ By taking away women 's access to no-cost birth control coverage , the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women , ” said Fatima Goss Graves , president of the National Women 's Law Center . “ This will leave countless women without the critical birth control coverage they need to protect their health and economic security . We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules . ”
The American Civil Liberties Union said it would file suit immediately .
“ No woman should ever be denied health care because her employer or university 's religious views are prioritized over her serious medical needs , ” said Kate Rochat , an ACLU member and law student at the University of Notre Dame who says she stands to lose access to contraceptive health care because of the rule . Notre Dame is run by the Catholic Church .
Most U.S. women use birth control at some point .
“ Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives , ” said Dr. Haywood Brown , president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
“ It improves the health of women , children and families as well as communities overall ; reduces maternal mortality ; and enhances economic stability for women and their families . All Americans deserve the ability to make personal health care decisions without intrusion from their employers or the government . ”
Related : Yes , You Have to Pay for Birth Control , Feds Say
HHS said it calculated that only organizations that had already sued would take advantage of the new rule .
`` The regulation leaves in place preventive services coverage guidelines where no religious or moral objection exists — meaning that out of millions of employers in the U.S. , these exemptions may impact only about 200 entities , the number that that filed lawsuits based on religious or moral objections , '' HHS said .
“ Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives . ”
But Gretchen Borchelt , vice president for reproductive rights and health at the NWLC , disputed this .
`` We do n't know how many employers are going to try and get out of the benefit once they know they are allowed to do it , '' she said .
It works against their interest , Borchelt added , but some employers may incorrectly believe they are saving money . `` We know from the past that insurance plans will do whatever they can if they think they can save money , '' Borchelt said .
`` Birth control coverage saves money in the long run because employers do n't have to pay for pregnancy and related costs , '' she added . `` We know that when birth control was added to insurance plans , it did n't change the premiums . There should n't be cost concerns . ''
The new rule is part of a broader package changing the federal approach to religious liberty . “ Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law , ” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a memorandum sent government wide .
Related : Contraception Fell , Medicaid Births Rose When Texas Defunded Planned Parenthood
Birth control allows people to decide when and whether to have children and is a fundamental right , said Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America .
“ The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women . This is an unacceptable attack on basic health care that the vast majority of women rely on . With this rule in place , any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control , '' Richards said .
“ Birth control is not controversial — it 's health care the vast majority of women will use in the course of their lifetime . ''
Most Americans get their health insurance through an employer , and most employers voluntarily provide contraceptive coverage , HHS officials noted . `` These rules do not alter multiple other federal programs that provide free or subsidized contraceptives for women at risk of unintended pregnancy , '' the rule , published in the Federal Register , adds .
Patriots ' Hogan , Slater active against Dolphins
hello
Article to : ( required ) Article from : ( required ) Add a message ( optional )
MIAMI GARDENS , Fla. -- New England Patriots receivers Chris Hogan and Matthew Slater are active for Monday night 's game against the Miami Dolphins .
Hogan has been sidelined since Game 8 because of a shoulder injury . Slater has been sidelined since Game 5 because of a hamstring injury .
Dolphins cornerback Cordrea Tankersley is inactive because of ankle and shoulder injuries .
Inactive for the Patriots were linebacker David Harris , running back Mike Gillislee , tackle Marcus Cannon , defensive end Trey Flowers , linebacker Kyle Van Noy , safety Brandon King and offensive lineman Cole Croston .
Inactive for the Dolphins were backup quarterback Matt Moore , guard Jermon Bushrod , running back Damien Williams , guard Isaac Asiata , defensive end Cameron Malveaux and tight end AJ Derby .
___
AP NFL website : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
MINNEAPOLIS — Target Corp. said on Monday it was hiring two senior executives to advance the retailer 's food and beverage strategy .
Mark Kenny , currently at Walmart , will join Target as vice president divisional , meat and fresh prepared food , with oversight for the meat , seafood , deli , bakery and prepared food categories .
Liz Nordlie , now at General Mills Inc. , has been hired as vice president , product design and development for food and beverage .
Kenny and Nordlie are scheduled to begin working later this month to accelerate a differentiated experience at Target , with an emphasis on fresh produce , convenient eating and a curated assortment of affordable and accessible owned and national brands , the company said in a statement .
“ Across all categories of our business , we are investing to build an even better Target for our guests , ” said Mark Tritton , executive vice president and chief merchandising officer at the company . “ We have been making positive progress with our assortment , presentation and operations in food and beverage this year . With Jeff Burt 's leadership , and the investment we 're making to bring on two new seasoned executives , combined with our already talented team , I 'm confident we 'll be able to go even further , faster , delivering both an experience and assortment that 's uniquely Target . ”
Among Kenny 's duties will be to help Target keep pace with the rapid change in the prepared food space , Target said . Kenny will also be charged with sharpening the retailer 's focus on convenient eating , as well as helping customers save time and money as they shop a curated mix of owned and national food and beverage brands . Kenny has been serving as senior director of private brands , deli and bakery at Walmart .
Nordlie will oversee the brand direction and product vision for owned brand food and beverage categories at Target . She brings 27 years of brand-building experience across 30 food and beverage businesses . During a two-decade career at General Mills , she has built brands across the cereal , snacks , meals , yogurt , baking and organics categories . Most recently she has been president of General Mills ' baking division .
VANCOUVER , BC -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Doubleview Capital Corp. ( `` Doubleview '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : DBV ) announces that complete analytical results have now been obtained for all core samples from recent drilling programs at its Hat Project in northwestern British Columbia .
Drill hole H-23 , parts of which were previously announced , intercepted
456.28 m at 0.20 g/t Gold , 0.24 % Copper , and 0.5 g/t Silver , ( 0.38 % CuEq ) of a longer mineralized intersection of
514.90 m at 0.18 g/t Gold , 0.21 % Copper , and 0.45 g/t Silver , ( 0.34 % CuEq ) .
Drill hole H-26 intercepted
261.13 m of mineralization at 0.16 g/t Gold , 0.24 % Copper and 0.31 g/t Silver , ( 0.35 % CuEq ) of a longer
514.41m mineralized intersection of 0.14 g/t Gold , 0.19 % Copper and 0.43 g/t Silver , ( 0.28 % CuEq ) .
The recent drill holes extend the Lisle Zone mineralization 75m to the east . The limits of the Lisle Zone have not been determined .
Drill hole H-24 , located 997m northwest of hole H-26 , is believed to be an extension of the Lisle Zone anomaly `` A '' but continuity is yet to be demonstrated .
The Hat Project , located 95 km southwest of Dease Lake and 475 km north of Smithers , B. C. , is a gold-copper alkalic porphyry-type mineral deposit with apparent grades similar to those of several currently operating porphyry-type mines , and porphyry deposits ( 1 ) in the interior of British Columbia . Doubleview acquired the Hat property in 2011 and subsequently conducted technical surveys and since 2013 has drilled 10,281.3 metres in 30 drill holes . The 3561.4 hectare property is fully permitted .
The `` Lisle Zone '' that was discovered in 2013 has been the focus of recent drilling . The Company and its associates believe that a mineral deposit with minimum dimensions of approximately 350 metres by 330 metres and apparent thickness of 395 metres has been indicated and recent drill holes have continued to expand the `` footprint . '' True thickness has not yet been determined . Several parts of the Hat Property with similar characteristics remain to be tested .
President and CEO , Mr. Farshad Shirvani , stated , `` Doubleview continues to advance the Hat Project and is greatly encouraged by the current strength of global metal markets driven by robust economic growth and , in particular , by uncertainties in copper supplies . The Hat property is located in a stable political jurisdiction and has very favourable logistics . ''
The accompanying table shows composites of analyses from recent drill holes : DDH From To Length Au Cu Ag Cu Eq ( m ) ( m ) ( m ) ( g/t ) ( % ) ( g/t ) ( % ) H023 * 24.1 539 514.9 0.18 0.21 0.45 0.34 H023 including 56.72 513 456.28 0.2 0.24 0.5 0.38 H023 and 67.9 400.27 332.37 0.25 0.29 0.55 0.46 H023 and 270.62 367.3 96.68 0.38 0.51 0.36 0.77 H023 and 303.33 346.15 42.82 0.54 0.68 0.47 1.04 H024 3 139 136 0.1 0.11 0.44 0.18 H024 including 3 77 74 0.17 0.19 0.59 0.31 H024 and 3 36.5 33.5 0.38 0.42 1.02 0.69 H024 and 3 26.5 23.5 0.52 0.59 1.22 0.95 H024 and 3 7 4 2.62 3.19 4.0 4.96 H024 234 236 2 0.12 0.32 3.0 0.43 H025 No significant values H026 7.62 522.03 514.41 0.14 0.19 0.43 0.28 H026 including 7.62 27.8 20.18 0.41 0.39 2.54 0.68 H026 and 189.8 522.03 332.23 0.16 0.22 0.27 0.33 H026 including 189.8 308.37 118.57 0.22 0.25 0.18 0.39 H026 and 252.86 287 34.14 0.28 0.44 0.34 0.63 H026 and including 260.9 522.03 261.13 0.16 0.24 0.31 0.35 H026 and including 260.9 310.47 49.57 0.26 0.39 0.26 0.56 H026 and 454.86 522.03 67.17 0.15 0.35 0.58 0.45 H027 , H028 , H029 , H030 to be reported later . * Partial results were reported 3/Feb/2015 . * * True widths unknown
Drill Plan is located on the website of the company at : http : //www.doubleview.ca/projects/hat-gold-rich-porphyry-copper/hat-lisle-zone-drill-plan/
Note : dimensions are reported in metric units . CuEq % is a variable calculation using current prices : gold @ $ 1230/ounce , silver @ $ 18/ounce and copper @ $ 2.72/lb . and should not be relied upon in a valuation of the Hat deposit .
Measured and Indicated Resources - Similar British Columbia porphyry deposits
Operating Mine Gold
M. Oz . Copper
M. Tonnes Silver
M. Oz . Red Chris Mine 11.6 2.5 36.8 Mt Milligan Mine 5.7 1 Gibraltar Mine 2.3 New Afton Mine 2.4 0.94 7.0 Copper Mountain Mine 2.27
Reference : sources -- published figures , various websites
Quality Assurance and Quality Control
All Hat Property drill core samples were prepared and analysed following rigourous QA/QC procedures . Drill cores were sampled on site by sawing the core lengthwise and placing one half securely in a sample bag that was subsequently forwarded by commercial carriers to a fully accredited analytical laboratory . The remaining half core was stored on the property for possible future reference . At the laboratory samples were dried and then crushed to 70 % passing an 80 micron screen . A representative portion of the undersize was pulverized and a 0.5 gram sub-sample was processed by 3:1 Aqua Regia digestion followed by ICP-AES/MS analysis for 51 elements . Doubleview , in order to monitor the reliability of the laboratory 's procedures and instruments , inserted certified standard samples into the sample stream and the laboratory performed and reported duplicate analyses of Hat Project samples as well as analyses of their own standard and blank samples .
Erik Ostensoe , P . Geo. , a consulting geologist and Doubleview 's Qualified Person with respect to the Hat Project as defined by National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects , has reviewed and approved the technical contents of this news release . He is not independent of Doubleview as he is both a shareholder and a co-optioner of the Hat Property .
Cautionary Note : No mineral resources have been defined at the Hat Property and there is no assurance that further work will result in the Lisle Zone , or other zones if present , being delineated as resources .
About Doubleview Capital Corp .
Doubleview Capital Corp. , a mineral resource exploration and development company , is based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , and is publicly traded on the TSX-Venture Exchange ( TSX VENTURE : DBV ) ( OTCBB : DBLVF ) ( GER : A1W038 ) ( FRANKFURT : 1D4 ) . Doubleview identifies , acquires and finances precious and base metal exploration projects in North America , particularly in British Columbia . Doubleview increases shareholder value through acquisition and exploration of quality gold , copper and silver properties and the application of advanced state-of-the-art exploration methods . The Company 's portfolio of strategic properties provides diversification and mitigates investment risk .
On behalf of the Board of Directors ,
Farshad Shirvani , President & Chief Executive Officer
Forward-Looking Statements
Information set forth in this news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions as of the date of this news release . These statements reflect management 's current estimates , beliefs , intentions and expectations . They are not guarantees of future performance . Doubleview cautions that all forward looking statements are inherently uncertain and that actual performance may be affected by a number of material factors , many of which are beyond Doubleview 's control . Such factors include , among other things : risks and uncertainties relating to Doubleview 's limited operating history and the need to comply with environmental and governmental regulations . Accordingly , actual and future events , conditions and results may differ materially from the estimates , beliefs , intentions and expectations expressed or implied in the forward looking information . Except as required under applicable securities legislation , Doubleview undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking information .
NEITHER TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATION SERVICES PROVIDER ( AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE POLICIES OF THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE ) ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130383/Images/HatLisle-02b896b2801e9e05b593360af4105a12.jpg
Study : Many Android Apps Secretly Track Users
More than three in four Android apps contain at least one third-party `` tracker , '' according to a new analysis of hundreds of apps .
The study by French research organization Exodus Privacy and Yale University 's Privacy Lab analyzed the mobile apps for the signatures of 25 known trackers , which use various techniques to glean personal information about users to better target them for advertisements and services .
Among the apps found to be using some sort of tracking plugin were some of the most popular apps on the Google Play Store , including Tinder , Spotify , Uber and OKCupid . All four apps use a service owned by Google , called Crashlytics , that primarily tracks app crash reports , but can also provide the ability to `` get insight into your users , what they 're doing , and inject live social content to delight them . ''
Other less widely-used trackers can go much further . One cited by Yale is FidZup , a French tracking provider with technology that can `` detect the presence of mobile phones and therefore their owners '' using ultrasonic tones . FidZup says it no-longer uses that technology , however , since tracking users through simple wifi networks works just as well .
The Yale researchers said : `` FidZup 's practices closely resemble those of Teemo ( formerly known as Databerries ) , the tracker company that was embroiled in scandal earlier this year for studying the geolocation of 10 million French citizens , and SafeGraph , who ‘ collected 17tn location markers for 10m smartphones during [ Thanksgiving ] last year ' . Both of these trackers have been profiled by Privacy Lab and can be identified by Exodus scans . ''
Yale Privacy Lab is using its research to call on developers , as well as Google , `` for increased transparency into privacy and security practice as it relates to these trackers . ''
The researchers added : `` Android users , and users of all app stores , deserve a trusted chain of software development , distribution , and installation that does not include unknown or masked third-party code .
`` Scholars , privacy advocates and security researchers should be alarmed by the data , and can provide further analysis now that these findings and the Exodus platform have been made public . ''
Although Yale did n't examine iOS apps , the company warns that the situation may be no better on Apple 's App Store . `` Many of the same companies distributing Google Play apps also distribute apps via Apple , and tracker companies openly advertise Software Development Kits ( SDKs ) compatible with multiple platforms , '' said the researchers . `` Thus , advertising trackers may be concurrently packaged for Android and iOS , as well as more obscure mobile platforms . ''
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Neu beat DFL candidate Laurie Warner by 6 percentage points in the Valentine 's Day election , carrying 53 percent of the vote to Warner 's 47 percent . It was the first Republican-held seat up for election since Trump 's Jan. 20 inauguration .
Ordinarily , Neu would have been heavily favored to win — Trump took about 60 percent of the district 's vote in November . But with special elections often unpredictable , Republicans did n't take anything for granted .
`` I 'm grateful to Chisago County residents for their support and trust to be their new voice in the legislature , '' Neu said in an emailed statement . `` I 'm eager to roll up my sleeves and get to work with my House colleagues working to make health care more affordable , cut taxes for families , and build a budget that respects Minnesota taxpayers . ''
Neu 's victory gives Republicans a 20-seat majority in the Minnesota House , their second-largest in the modern era .
THE WINNER
Neu 's victory marks a step out into the limelight for a woman who has long worked behind the scenes on political campaigns .
`` I never really saw myself on this side of an election , '' said Neu , a Republican activist and campaign worker . `` When this opportunity came ... I thought , it 's time . It 's time for me to do this in a different way , to step up and try to be an advocate for the people of Chisago County and for conservative values . ''
She says she 'll focus on cutting taxes and trying to improve Minnesota 's individual health insurance market , where premiums have soared in recent years .
By winning , Neu beat Warner in her second bid for the District 32B seat . A former Duluth City Council member before moving to North Branch a decade ago , Warner 's top campaign issue was increasing school funding .
Both candidates raised and spent more than $ 25,000 on their campaigns , according to reports filed with the state Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board . Most of their spending went to mail sent to voters ' homes .
AN UNUSUAL ELECTION
Tuesday 's election came about because of an unusual situation . Just two months before the November 2016 general election , the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that incumbent Rep. Bob Barrett did n't live in the district and was ineligible to run .
Because the decision came so close to the election , there was n't enough time under state law to replace Barrett on the ballot . Instead , the Supreme Court ruled that the November election would n't count for District 32B . The seat would remain vacant until February .
District 32B has been comfortably Republican in recent elections . Barrett beat Warner by 10 points in 2014 . In both 2014 and 2016 , other Republican candidates up and down the ballot won by similar margins . But it 's not impossible for Democrats to win there in a favorable environment : In 2012 , Barrett squeaked out a victory by fewer than 2 percentage points , and DFL Sen. Amy Klobuchar won in a landslide .
TURNOUT LOW , BUT BETTER
Tuesday 's special election saw about 25 percent of the district 's registered voters vote — much lower than the November election , when about 70 percent of registered voters in the district cast ballots .
That lower turnout is normal for special elections , since they take place at unusual times of the year and do n't coincide with higher-profile state and national races . This can make special elections less predictable than normal races .
But Tuesday 's race was n't a normal special election . Because it was technically a continuation of the November election , people who voted early or absentee in November were automatically sent ballots for Tuesday .
So 25 percent of District 32B voters was actually much higher than the turnout in a pair of special elections last February , when between 10 percent and 20 percent of voters cast ballots .
NYC could make pre-school teachers help kids brush teeth Reading , writing and . . . fighting cavities . Preschool teachers would have to help kids brush their teeth under a new proposal by the city Board of Health , the agency ...
State Assembly passes five gun control bills The state Assembly passed five gun control bills on Tuesday — including one that would allow judges to remove weapons from mentally-ill people following a request from a relative or ...
Lawmakers propose bill to ban saggy pants Some lawmakers in South Carolina want to fine people for wearing saggy pants , but support for the measure is fading like an old pair of jeans . If passed , House Bill ...
Queens politician 's bill could get rid of 'puppy mills ' A Queens lawmaker has proposed a state law that could put abusive “ puppy mills ” out of business . The measure drafted by state Sen. Michael Gianaris would require pet dealers to ...
Bill would let adoptees find out if they have biological siblings Adopted New Yorkers looking to unite with biological siblings may finally get a chance . A new bill in Albany would allow adoptees 21 or older to petition the courts to ...
The only-in-New-York law that 's death on affordable housing An insane , New York-only law ties the hands even of do-gooders like Habitat for Humanity as they try to build affordable housing here . Kudos to Rep. John Faso ( R-Kinderhook ) for ...
Bill would alert residents when city sells public streets , sidewalks New regulations could alert residents when the city sells public streets and sidewalks to private developers . Councilman Mark Treyger ( D-Brooklyn ) will introduce a bill Wednesday that would require the city ...
Bill would make hospitals keep rape kits longer ALBANY — Hospitals wo n't be able to toss out rape kits after 30 days under a new bill proposed by Gov . Cuomo . The governor wants hospitals to store the kits ...
Lawmakers pass bill to strip NJSPCA of police powers A bill that would strip the New Jersey Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals of its police powers passed the state Assembly Monday and is now headed for ...
What 's next for Nets in 2016 ? GM hunt and 4 other key issues When Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov fired coach Lionel Hollins and reassigned general manager Billy King in January , he insisted the team was just one or two players away from competing ...
Without GM near , Nets ' big-trade hopes may be shelved The Nets ' search for a general manager is moving along , but sources say no decision is imminent . Those sources told The Post that Brooklyn is n't expected to hire a GM ...
Prokhorov ramping up Nets GM search as interviews on tap The eyes of the sporting world were fixed on the Super Bowl on Sunday ; but Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov was set to arrive in Brooklyn for his own huge challenge , ...
Minnie Driver is 'Darling ' for 'Peter Pan ' Minnie Driver has joined the cast of NBC 's “ Peter Pan Live ! ” The star of NBC 's “ About a Boy ” star will play the adult Wendy Darling in the production and will ...
TV watch list : ‘ Marry Me , ' 'About A Boy ' and ‘ Top Chef ' “ Marry Me ” Tuesday at 9 p.m. on NBC A couple that has been dating for six years embarks on a comedy of errors in trying to get their engagement right ....
NBC cancels 'Community ' after 5 seasons Farewell , “ Community , ” you had a good run . NBC on Friday canceled the Joel McHale cult comedy after five seasons , leaving it one season short of its goal of “ six seasons ...
What was José Mourinho thinking , fans and pundits wondered . Despite Manchester United 's difficulties in attack , the manager had left his two most dangerous weapons , Zlatan Ibrahimović and Henrikh Mkhitaryan , on the bench for Sunday 's clash with league leaders Chelsea .
By the time the final whistle sounded , Mourinho 's players had proven their coach right . The unorthodox lineup and changing formation had resulted in a solid 2-0 victory and left Chelsea , the presumed champs just a week ago , suddenly looking shaky at the top of the table .
While Mourinho 's game plan was dead on , his players ' execution was even more impressive . None of Chelsea 's defenders could cope with the 19-year-old Marcus Rashford 's speed or off-the-ball movement . In midfield , Paul Pogba and Marouane Fellaini dominated Nemanja Matić and N'Golo Kanté , disrupting everything Chelsea tried to do and calmly shuttling the ball up field to Rashford and Jesse Lingard . And the team 's backline was as reliable as ever , even withstanding the urge to get into it with Diego Costa on one of his more annoying nights .
But the player of the game was unquestionably Ander Herrera , whose defending of Eden Hazard made Chelsea look completely out of sorts . Wherever the Belgian was , the box-to-box midfielder was right beside him to force a change direction or dink the ball away .
It did n't take long to realize Mourinho might be onto something . In the 7th minute , Herrera disrupted a Blues counter attack when he knocked down a Matić pass with his hand . Referee Bobby Madley did n't see it , or did n't feel it was intentional , and a few strides later , the Spaniard hit Rashford with a beautiful through-ball that put him just past defender David Luiz . With a touch , the teenager veered right to give himself space and calmly stroked the ball past replacement keeper Asmir Begović . Not enough can be said about Herrera 's pass , a perfectly weighted ball that put Chelsea on the back foot for the rest of the afternoon .
Chelsea had reason to feel wronged after the no-call , but it only felt like a matter of time before they would bounce back as they repeatedly have under Mourinho successor 's , first-year coach Antonio Conte . But unlike in October , when the Blues beat United 4-0 at Stamford Bridge , Chelsea lacked the quickness and intensity that has marked their ascent to the top of the league . It was United , a team never truly seemed to cohere this campaign , despite a 21-game unbeaten streak , looked more dangerous . Four minutes after the start of the second half , Herrera lashed a loose ball into the net thanks to a helpful deflection off Kanté . His goal may have been lucky , but on a day when his primary responsibility was defense , that was just a bonus anyway .
The Red Devils defense put in such a commanding performance that when the final whistle blew , Chelsea , the league 's second-most prolific offense , had n't registered a shot on target .
United 's win does n't affect the table much — both teams leave the weekend where they started , in first and fifth , respectively — but it adds some drama to the season 's final weeks . Chelsea 's lead over Tottenham is now down to four points with six to play ; though this was the Blues ' toughest remaining fixture , hope still remains for Spurs . United 's win means that if they beat Burnley next weekend , they will enter the Manchester derby a single point behind rival Manchester City with a chance to leapfrog them into fourth and Champions League position . In a season full of surprises , it looks like there might be more left . — B.H .
Mid-table also-rans still have a big part to play
Stoke are a completely average Premier League team , yet have a huge role to play in both the battle against the drop and the fight for the top four . The Potters hold so much sway because they play Arsenal on the second-to-last weekend in a game the Gunners might need to win if they are to earn Champion League soccer for the 19th season in a row . At the bottom of the table , Stoke play 18th-placed Swansea next weekend and 16th-placed Bournemouth at the start of May , after taking on 17th-place Hull City on Saturday .
It meant everything to Hull and next to nothing for Stoke , yet the mid-tablers came out winners nonetheless . Stoke 's Marko Arnautovic , the ( very ) poor man 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic , scored a corker with his right foot after just six minutes . Six-foot-8 Peter Crouch rose high into the air to head one home 60 minutes later . Xherdan Shaqiri unleashed a perfect left-footed blast in the 80th minute to remind everyone why Bayern Munich bought him way back when . Hull proved again they are paper tigers away from home and will have their atrocious road form to blame should they go down .
The result moved Stoke to 11th place with 39 points and all but guarantees Premier League status for another season . Five other teams ( West Brom , Southampton , Watford , Leicester , and West Ham ) are in essentially the same spoiler role in the middle of the standings . Southampton , for example , have seven games left — four against teams competing for Champions League places ( Chelsea , Liverpool , Arsenal , and Manchester United ) and two against relegation battlers ( Hull and Middlesbrough ) .
Southampton did not take the opportunity to be spoilers Saturday when they were trounced 3-0 by Manchester City , yet history suggests that they have a solid performance or two in store between now and the end of the season . After all , the Saints were in a similarly safe position last April and dealt relegation-clinching defeats to Newcastle and Aston Villa . Similarly , they beat both Man City and Spurs last May — results which played a huge role in those teams ' disappointing third- and fourth-place finishes respectively . — M.B .
Goal of the Week
Like Arjen Robben , Xherdan Shaqiri has one plan when he gets the ball — and nobody seems able to stop it . Shaqiri collects the ball on the right wing , cuts inside to get the ball onto his murderous left foot , and then uncorks hell . Exhibit A : this goal in Stoke 's game against Hull . The predictability of the shot and its outcome were a sight to behold .
Ugly Scene of the Week
England is the home of hooligans , Italy has its ultras and Russia has semi-state-sponsored thugs . France does n't have internationally renowned combatants , but that does n't mean violence has been expelled from the sport . This weekend , Bastia 's fans invaded the field and attacked the visiting team from Lyon . Things got so bad that the game was called off , and the French league subsequently called for the invaders to be given lifetime stadium bans . The talk from the authorities sounds good , but is largely meaningless . Earlier this year , Bastia 's fans were punished after they made monkey noises towards Italian striker Mario Balotelli and threw a stick at Paris Saint-Germain winger Lucas Moura .
Post 's Premier League Rankings
Tottenham looks to be picking up steam , Liverpool continues to fortify its top-four chances and things are n't getting any less dire for Swansea .
1 . Chelsea ( 1 )
2 . Tottenham ( 2 )
3 . Liverpool ( 4 )
4 . Manchester City ( 3 )
5 . Manchester United ( 5 )
6 . Everton ( 6 )
7 . Arsenal ( 9 ) *
8 . Southampton ( 7 )
9 . West Brom ( 8 )
10 . Leicester ( 10 )
11 . Crystal Palace ( 11 )
12 . Stoke ( 14 )
13 . Bournemouth ( 12 )
14 . West Ham ( 13 )
15 . Watford ( 15 )
16 . Burnley ( 16 )
17 . Hull City ( 18 )
18 . Swansea City ( 17 )
19 . Middlesbrough ( 19 ) *
20 . Sunderland ( 20 )
* Play Monday
Femi Makinde , Osogbo An Osun State Magistrate 's Court sitting in Osogbo has ordered that a driver , Mr. Elijah Oyebode , and one Yusuf Ajibade , be remanded in the Ilesa Prison for allegedly killing a 400-level student of the Osun State University , Miss Rofiat Adebisi . The two accused , who were arraigned by the police on Tuesday , were [ … ]
The post Court remands driver , other for killing UNIOSUN student appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
CLEVELAND — As long as the Yankees are alive in the postseason — and that might be for just nine more innings — the DH will be determined by how Jacoby Ellsbury and Chase Headley have done against that game 's starting pitcher .
After using Ellsbury against the Twins ' Ervin Santana in the AL wild-card game Tuesday night at Yankee Stadium , Joe Girardi switched to Chase Headley in Game 1 of the ALDS Thursday night against the Indians at Progressive Field .
On Friday in Game 2 , the manager turned back to Ellsbury in a crushing 9-8 defeat in 13 innings that put the Yankees in a 0-2 hole in the best-of-five series . Ellsbury went 0-for-1 against Corey Kluber , who was gone after 2 ²/₃ innings .
“ It 's more matchups that day , ” Girardi said of how he will determine who plays and who sits . “ Jacoby has had more success against Corey Kluber than anyone we have had . That 's why he is in there . ”
Ellsbury entered Game 2 hitting .263 ( 5-for-19 ) against Kluber , and that easily was the best average by a Yankees hitter against the Cy Young candidate . Headley was 1-for-14 ( .071 ) .
Ellsbury was Girardi 's choice in the AL wild-card game because he entered 10-for-34 ( .294 ) against Santana , even though Headley was 4-for-13 ( .308 ) against the right-hander .
Headley was 5-for-18 ( .278 ) against Game 1 starter Trevor Bauer and Ellsbury was 3-for-16 ( .188 ) .
“ When we make these decisions , they are not easy decisions , ” Girardi said .
With right-hander Carlos Carrasco starting Sunday night 's Game 3 , the numbers strongly suggest Ellsbury will be in the lineup as he is 8-for-21 ( .381 ) against him and Headley is 1-for-9 ( .111 ) .
With Girardi locked on Ellsbury and Headley as the DH , there is n't room for Matt Holliday other than a possible at-bat as a pinch-hitter .
“ If it 's the right at-bat right now , ” Girardi said of Holliday 's role on the roster . He has n't played in the three postseason games .
Indians DH Edwin Encarnacion left the game in the home first after turning an ankle getting back to second base on a soft line drive to shortstop Didi Gregorius . Encarnacion , who reached base when hit by a pitch on his right knee , needed assistance getting off the field . He was replaced by Michael Brantley .
Gary Sanchez 's two-run homer off Kluber in the first inning meant the Yankees would n't be held without a homer in consecutive games after not scoring in Game 1 .
They were held homerless in consecutive games just four times during the regular season .
Singapore 's central bank to harness the power of analytics
MAS ' Data Analytics Group will help the central bank to leverage analytics to improve their work , as well as promote data analytics capabilities within the financial industry .
Recognising the power of analytics , the Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) has formed a Data Analytics Group ( DAG ) .
The group will lead the central bank 's efforts to use analytics to unlock insights , and enhance the supervision of financial institutions . It will also help to make regulatory compliance more efficient for financial institutions , and improve work efficiency across the organisation .
DAG will be led by Chief Data Officer , David Roi Hardoon . Before joining MAS , Hardoon was the co-founder and Executive Director , Chief of Analytics , of Aznedian Solutions . He has a PhD in machine learning , as well as a deep research background and extensive experience in developing and applying analytical models .
Hardoon will report to Ong Chong Tee , Deputy Managing Director ( Financial Supervision ) .
The three units that make up DAG are as follows :
Data Governance & Architecture Office ( DGA ) , which will formulate data management policies , manage data collection and quality , maintain MAS ' data catalogue , and publish MAS ' official statistics .
Specialist Analytics & Visualisation Office ( SAV ) , which will conduct data analyses in partnership with MAS departments . It will help departments improve their data capabilities through reusable tools and code libraries , and partner MAS Academy to deliver data analytics training programmes . Together with MAS ' IT Department , the team will design and implement the technical infrastructure needed to support data analytics work in MAS .
Supervisory Technology Office ( SupTech ) will conduct data analyses on supervisory and financial sector data in partnership with MAS departments . It will work with the Fintech and Innovation Group to promote data analytics capabilities within the financial industry and foster innovations to make regulatory compliance more efficient and effective .
`` The digitisation of information and the harnessing of data from multiple platforms have created the opportunity to use data analytics to understand the economy and the financial system with a depth that was not possible before . Our new Data Analytics Group will work with the financial industry to sharpen the surveillance of risks , and with the various departments within MAS to transform the way we do our work , '' said Ravi Menon , MAS Managing Director .
1
The Group Executive Vice-Chairman , SIFAX Group , Dr Taiwo Afolabi has urged the Federal Government to expedite action on the concessioning of scanners services at the nation 's ports .
Afolabi made the plea in a statement by Mr Philips Ojo , the Corporate Affairs Officer of SIFAX Group in Lagos .
According to him , the Federal Government should take advantage of the private sector financing to address the provision of scanners , in view of the current dwindling financing capability of government .
“ I have been an advocate of concessioning of the ports ' scanning service , because the country is just exiting recession ; the government does not have the financial muscle to undertake this huge capital investment .
“ The concession of the ports scanning service will help in improving efficiency at the ports , just like the government 's concession of seaports in 2006 .
“ This has yielded great results and turned the maritime sector around .
“ It will curb the dangers of errors associated with 100 per cent physical examination currently in use by men of the customs , ” Afolabi said .
He said that terminal operators were capable of investing in the scanning service to create more revenue for the country .
Afolabi said that urgent provision of the scanners became necessary following the seizure of 2,671 rifles by the Nigerian Customs Service ( NCS ) at Tin Can Island and Apapa Ports within eight months .
“ Turkey has been identified as the country of origin of these illegal importations .
“ The numbers of illegal arms that have been imported into the country through the ports are staggering and distressing .
“ I am convinced that the absence of needed facilities scanners at the ports has emboldened these unpatriotic criminals to keep importing these arms .
“ There is little the customs can do to prevent this when they are not well equipped .
“ The way to go is to urgently provide scanners at the nation 's ports , '' he said .
According to him , lack of scanners and other necessary equipment in most of the Nigeria 's entry points have hindered the Ease of Doing Business Executive Order signed by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo while acting as president .
Afolabi said that the cargo clearing process under the present condition , would remain cumbersome and make the ports unattractive and without any competitive edge .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — A suspect is in custody today after allegedly detonating a small explosive device in an “ attempted terrorist attack ” in the New York City subway system , sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square , city officials said .
The explosion occurred in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal and , despite the rush-hour crowds , only three people suffered minor injuries , officials said . New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo called the explosion “ one of our worst nightmares . ”
The 27-year-old suspect , Akayed Ullah , is in the hospital , badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in his arms , sources said . Ullah , originally from Bangladesh , told authorities he is self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda , sources said .
Authorities called the explosive an “ improvised low-tech explosive device ” that was based on a pipe bomb and was attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties .
Video of the incident , shot by a surveillance camera , shows commuters ' walking in the passageway when the explosion erupts . The camera screen filled with smoke as people scattered .
Christina Bethea , 29 , told ABC News she was in the passageway on her way to work next to the terminal when she heard a bang , saw smoke and ran .
“ If I did n't believe in God , I believe in God today , ” she said , adding that she commuted from Yonkers , New York .
The explosion in the subway system — ridden by 6 million people each day — occurred at about 7:20 a.m .
Port Authority Police Department Officer Jack Collins , who was undercover at the time looking for children being trafficked at the bus terminal , apprehended Ullah , with the help of three other officers .
The suspect entered the United States from Bangladesh seven years ago on a family-based visa and has an address in Brooklyn , sources said . The explosive was assembled in his apartment , sources said .
“ Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals , ” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said .
New York City has long been a target of terrorist attacks . Since Sept. 11 , about 26 “ plots ” in New York City have been prevented , officials said this morning .
There are no credible and specific threats against New York City at this time , officials said .
The bus terminal was temporarily closed but has since reopened . Subways were bypassing the terminal and Times Square stations .
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident , White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said .
This is a breaking news story , please check back for updates .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
UK employment hits record high at end of 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
MONACO -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - Scorpio Tankers Inc. ( NYSE : STNG ) ( the `` Company '' ) announced today that the Company plans to issue its first quarter 2017 earnings before the market open on Thursday April 27 , 2017 and will host a conference call later in the day at 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time and 4:00 PM Central European Summer Time .
The conference call details will be sent out later this week .
About Scorpio Tankers Inc .
Scorpio Tankers Inc. is a provider of marine transportation of petroleum products worldwide . Scorpio Tankers Inc. currently owns 80 product tankers ( 23 LR2 , 14 Handymax , and 43 MR tankers ) with an average age of 2.3 years and time or bareboat charters-in 19 product tankers ( one LR2 , one LR1 , eight MR and nine Handymax tankers ) . The Company also has contracted for seven newbuilding MR product tankers which are expected to be delivered throughout the remainder of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018 . Additional information about the Company is available at the Company 's website www.scorpiotankers.com , which is not a part of this press release .
Forward-Looking Statements
Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements . The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business . Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans , objectives , goals , strategies , future events or performance , and underlying assumptions and other statements , which are other than statements of historical facts . The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation . The words `` believe , '' `` expect , '' `` anticipate , '' `` estimate , '' `` intend , '' `` plan , '' `` target , '' `` project , '' `` likely , '' `` may , '' `` will , '' `` would , '' `` could '' and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements .
The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions , many of which are based , in turn , upon further assumptions , including without limitation , our management 's examination of historical operating trends , data contained in our records and other data available from third parties . Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made , because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control , we can not assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations , beliefs or projections . We undertake no obligation , and specifically decline any obligation , except as required by law , to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
In addition to these important factors , other important factors that , in our view , could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us , the strength of world economies and currencies , general market conditions , including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values , changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity , changes in our operating expenses , including bunker prices , drydocking and insurance costs , the market for our vessels , availability of financing and refinancing , charter counterparty performance , ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements , changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities , potential liability from pending or future litigation , general domestic and international political conditions , potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events , vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors . Please see our filings with the SEC for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) – Officials in northern Minnesota said they 're in contact Wednesday with the National Weather Service because of a possible tornado touchdown .
Beltrami County Emergency Management says weather officials are being called to investigate a possible twister in Bemidji overnight .
Emergency officials say Bemidji residents should avoid the area west of Bemidji State University to Irvine Avenue due to downed power lines and trees .
Residents in the area posted images of damage to buildings on social media . The pictures show trampolines stuck in trees and collapsed buildings .
The severe storms rolled through northern Minnesota early Wednesday morning . More storms are expected Wednesday night .
Las Vegas Metro police said they are looking for a man who was captured on camera shooting a homeless man .
Police said on Friday at 4:16 a.m. , video surveillance captured a dark-colored sport utility vehicle drive up and park near where the victim was found off North 14th Street and U.S. 95 . The man was seen walking up to the victim , who was sleeping at the time and shooting him . The suspect then ran back to the vehicle and drove away .
`` It was basically an execution , '' according to @ LVMPD — Eric Hilt FOX5 ( @ ericmhilt ) February 3 , 2018
Officers found the homeless man deceased under the bridge just after 10 a.m .
The identity of the victim will later be released by the Clark County Coroner 's Office .
. @ LVMPD : 'it 's important the community knows police care about the homeless . ' Say there have been three homicides involving homeless individuals in the last week . pic.twitter.com/hqReYrWgNt — Eric Hilt FOX5 ( @ ericmhilt ) February 3 , 2018
Anyone with information is urged to contact Metro 's Homicide Section at 702-8285-3521 . To remain anonymous , call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Businessmen leaders enjoy their moment in South America
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Different areas of the hippocampus are activated when recalling different types of memories , a new study that used virtual reality shows .
The findings could give neuroscientists new insight into how different brain areas assemble memories in context .
It 's well known that one memory can trigger related memories . We remember specific events with context—when and where it happened , who was there . Different memories can have specific context , as well as information that is the same between memories—for example , events that occurred in the same location .
Graduate student Halle Dimsdale-Zucker and Charan Ranganath at the University of California , Davis , Center for Neuroscience and psychology department are interested in how the brain assembles all the pieces of these memories . They use functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fMRI , to look for brain areas that are activated as memories are recalled , especially in the hippocampus , a small structure in the center of the brain .
Dimsdale-Zucker used architectural sketching software to build houses in a 3D virtual environment . The subjects watched a series of videos in which they went into one house then another . In each video , different objects were positioned within the houses . The subjects therefore memorized the objects in two contexts : which video ( episodic memory ) and which house ( spatial memory ) .
In the second phase of the study , researchers asked the subjects to try to remember the objects while they were scanned by fMRI .
Asking participants about the objects spontaneously reactivated contextual information , Dimsdale-Zucker says . Different regions of the hippocampus activated for different kinds of information : One area , CA1 , was associated with representing shared information about contexts ( for examplle , objects that were in the same video ) ; another , distinct area was linked to representing differences in context .
“ What 's exciting is that it is intuitive that you can remember a unique experience , but the hippocampus is also involved in linking similar experiences , ” Dimsdale-Zucker says . “ You need both to be able to remember . ”
Another interesting finding was that in this study , the hippocampus was involved in episodic memories linking both time and space , she says . Conventional thinking has been that the hippocampus codes primarily for spatial memories , for example those involved in navigation .
Virtual reality makes it possible to carry out controlled laboratory experiments with episodic memory , Dimsdale-Zucker says . A better understanding of how memories are formed , stored , and recalled could eventually lead to better diagnosis and treatment for memory problems in aging or degenerative disorders such as Alzheimer 's disease .
The researchers report their findings in the journal Nature Communications .
Additional authors on the paper are from UC Davis and Boston College . Dimsdale-Zucker was supported by a National Science Foundation graduate research fellowship .
Source : UC Davis
A competitive global marketplace demands an understanding of diverse regions and cultures , hence your workforce needs to reflect the diversity of your market . While “ think outside the box ” has become cliché , it has become cliché for a reason . If your hires are mirror images of yourself , you will be trapped in a narrow tunnel of ideas , an echo chamber of limited thought . Although you may actively seek to build a diverse workforce , subconscious biases may influence your hiring decisions . You want dynamic and talented employees , however , your internalized beliefs about gender , race and ethnicity , beliefs you may not realize you hold , can cause you to overlook excellent candidates .
Numerous studies have looked at how biases affect hiring decisions . A 2014 Columbia Business School study found that men were twice as likely as women to be hired for positions requiring math skills even though women performed as well as men on an arithmetic task . Study authors site implicit stereotyping as the reason . In a classic study conducted by the National Bureau of Economic Research , fake resumes were sent in response to help wanted ads in Chicago and Boston newspapers . Some resumes had names that sounded African American , while others had white-sounding names . The resumes from apparent white applicants received 50 percent more callbacks than the ones that appeared to be from African American applicants . A Canadian study found applicants with non-English last names received fewer callbacks for interviews . Are subconscious biases causing you to deselect applicants who may have excellent qualifications ?
Review the language in your job postings
Building a diverse workforce begins with the language you use in your job postings . As an employer , you are aware that the Civil Rights Act prohibits job ads from showing preference in gender , religion , age or national origin . You may even add the “ We are an equal opportunity employer ” tag to your listings . However , how you describe the job and criteria could attract or drive away well-qualified applicants . Help wanted ads should list desired behaviors , not personality types . For example , rather than state you are seeking an ambitious go-getter for the position — this language may put off applicants whose culture emphasizes modesty — think in terms of behaviors , such as “ ability to take initiative . ”
Remove names from resumes
If possible , have your HR people remove names from resumes before sending them on to you . This will help you to review qualifications unhindered by bias . If you do not have an HR department and handle the selection process yourself , review the resumes you have set in the “ no ” pile . What were your reasons for deselecting ? Was it qualifications or something else ?
Offer applicants a challenge
If an open position requires a specific skill set , require applicants to complete a quiz or challenge to demonstrate their skills before you collect any other information . This could be the first step in identifying talent and weeding out the unqualified .
You will eventually need to meet job candidates in person , but by applying rigorous methods to compare qualifications and purposefully setting aside non-relevant information such as race and gender , you will have a more diverse slate of applicants to interview . If you come away from an interview with the feeling the applicant is not a good fit for your company or the position , do not ignore your gut instincts . The sense that something is n't right comes from your years of experiences . You do want to analyze that feeling though to ensure a prejudice is not the source of the unease , which may cause you to overlook the perfect candidate for the job .
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for CBS Small Business Pulse .
ORLANDO ( CBS Local ) – Disney World is opening up their theme parks , and their wallet , in a search for thousands of summer workers this year . The Florida resort is looking to fill around 3,500 positions and is reportedly offering signing bonuses of up to $ 3,000 in order to entice part-time employees .
Disney 's annual hiring blitz is in preparation for the summer vacation season and the company is looking to staff a wide variety of jobs including culinary chefs , lifeguards , bus drivers , and housekeepers . Disney began hosting a series of job fairs for these openings on April 23 at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex , which focused on staffing the resort 's cooking positions .
A lifeguard job fair is scheduled for May 2 at Disney 's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista . According to the Orlando Sentinel , full-time and part-time lifeguards can get a $ 1,000 signing bonus in 2018 , double the amount from last year .
Disney 's housekeeping job fair is being held on May 9 at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center . The company is also accepting applications for these openings Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Eastern Time through May . Housekeepers are receiving bonuses of $ 1,250 and an hourly wage of $ 10.50 according to the Sentinel .
Disney World 's neighbor , Universal Studios , is also stocking up on employees for the summer rush . The theme park and resort also announced that they 'll be hiring 3,000 new workers . The resort said in a press release it will be offering workers “ competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages ” as well as other perks like free admission to their park .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK ( CBSMiami ) – Heat advisories and heat warnings are in effect for much of the Midwest as well as portions of the Northeast as the ongoing heat wave continues .
People fanned themselves at Fourth of July festivities in Washington , D.C. as dangerous temperatures sweep across the united states . Extra cooling stations were set up at the National Mall where hundreds of thousands will watch the nighttime celebration .
In Minneapolis , the “ Red , White and Boom ” half marathon Wednesday had to be shortened because of the extreme weather .
“ That 's because of the dew point , the humidity , and the heat . Certainly , there are people who are disappointed , and we understand that . I mean , no one is more disappointed than us in having to make that hard call , ” said organizer Mike Logan .
Many cities are experiencing temperatures in the 90 's with the humidity making it feel like 100 degrees or more in some places . Friends Julie Wasserman and Liran Weizman said they were n't going to let the heat in NYC get them down .
“ There 's this culture here like everyone is hot and you are all in it together like sweating on the subway , I do n't know , you just embrace it , ” said Wasserman .
“ We 're sweating , it 's New York City we love it !
Beachgoers along the Jersey shore hit the water to stay cool . The excessive heat is expected to weaken in the east in time for the weekend as the system moves west .
At least three deaths , two in New York and one in Pennsylvania are being blamed on the extreme heat .
An arrest has been made at a Mansfield hospital , where an incident took place earlier today ( Wednesday , May 30 ) .
Emergency services were called to St Andrew 's Hospital , in Sherwood Avenue - which provides specialist medium and low secure services - at just after 11am .
A spokeswoman for St Andrew 's said : “ We support exceptionally vulnerable people and have a duty of care which we take very seriously . Due to the acute nature of some of our patients ' illnesses , incidents while rare do sometimes occur . “ Occasionally we do require support from outside services . There was a minor incident earlier today at our Nottinghamshire site , which the emergency services robustly responded to . Following this , we can confirm that an arrest was subsequently made ”
A Notts police spokesman said earlier today that they were responding to a concern for safety in Sherwood Avenue , and were first called at 11.15am .
An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said its specialist Hazard Area Response Team ( HART ) , which responds to major or unusual incidents , had been sent out .
She said : “ We received a call at 11.40am on May , 30 from our colleagues in the police force requesting medical assistance at an incident at St Andrew 's Healthcare in Sherwood Avenue . We sent a crewed ambulance and our hazardous area response team ”
Read the breaking story here : https : //www.chad.co.uk/news/crime/breaking-news-five-police-vans-and-two-ambulances-attending-mansfield-hospital-after-concern-for-safety-1-9186129
When he was refused entry to a taxi office a drunken 35-year-old man damaged the door handle , Banbridge Magistrates Court heard last Thursday .
Stephen Mulligan , Moorefield , Banbridge , admitted criminal damage to the handle belonging to Q Cabs on February 3 of this year .
The case had been adjourned from a previous court .
The court heard that at 10.55pm an operator in the taxi office noticed the defendant who was drunk .
They had previous dealings with him and the door was locked .
Mulligan began banging on the door trying to get in but when he walked away they found that the door handle was broken .
When interviewed Mulligan said he had no recollection of the events and apologised .
His solicitor said that the damage had amounted to £30 and that had been paid to the taxi firm through his office .
He pointed out that Mulligan had a suspended sentence for assault but that was due to expire in June of this year .
District Judge Liam McNally said that as an alternative to custody he would impose 140 hours community service .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Everything you need to know about who 's on the court at this year 's Championships
The world 's best tennis players are taking to the courts at Wimbledon from Monday 2nd to Sunday 15th July for the 2018 tournament .
Advertisement
The Championships , held at the England Tennis Club , will attract all the top talent , from Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal to Simona Halep and Roger Federer .
Who is playing on Day 3 ?
The bottom half of the men 's and women 's draws will be playing on Day 3 – get a preview of all the second round matches here . See below for the full Order of Play , including matches , court times and more .
Live coverage is on both BBC1 and BBC2 , with highlights programme Today at Wimbledon on TV every evening and radio coverage on BBC Radio 5 Live and Sports Extra ( switching depending on World Cup coverage ) .
Order of play Day 3 ( Wednesday 4th July )
CENTRE COURT – play begins at 1pm
Ka . Pliskova ( 7 ) v V. Azarenka
R. Federer ( 1 ) v L. Lacko
V. Tomova v S. Williams ( 25 )
COURT ONE – play begins at 1pm
A. Dulgheru v V. Williams ( 9 )
E. Makarova v C. Wozniacki ( 2 )
M. Cilic ( 3 ) v G. Pella
NO 2 COURT – play begins at 11.30am
J. Millman v M. Raonic ( 13 )
A. Radwanska ( 32 ) v L. Safarova
A. Seppi v K. Anderson ( 8 )
L. Tsurenko v B. Strycova ( 23 )
NO 3 COURT – play begins at 11.30am
K. Swan v M. Buzarnescu ( 29 )
P. Lorenzi v G. Monfils
T. Fabbiano v S. Wawrinka
T. Maria v K. Mladenovic
COURT 12 – play begins at 11.30am
L. Kumkhum v M. Keys ( 10 )
S. Querrey ( 11 ) v S. Stakhovsky
J. Isner ( 9 ) v R. Bemelmans
K. Siniakova v O. Jabeur
COURT 18 – play begins at 11.30am
L. Pouille ( 17 ) v D. Novak
K. Bertens ( 20 ) v A. Blinkova
S. Tsitsipas ( 31 ) v J. Donaldson
COURT 5 – play begins at 11.30am
A. Bogdan & K. Christian v Y. Duan & A. Sasnovich
T. Daniel & Y. Nishioka v A. Sancic & A. Vailevski
D. Inglot & F. Skugor ( 15 ( v M. Fucsovics & M. Zverev
COURT 6 – play begins at 11.30am
M. Basic & D. Lajovic v F. Martin & P. Raja
S. Aoyama & J. Brady v D. Jurak & Q. Wang
P. Herbert & N. Mahut ( 4 ) v R. Carballes Baena & M. Cecchinato
G. Dabrowski & Y. Xu ( 6 ) v A. Riske & O. Savchuk
COURT 7 – play begins at 11.30am
A. Kontaveit & M. Puig v N. Melichar & K. Peschke ( 12 )
M. Berrettini & M. Marterer v R. Jebavy & A. Molteni
M. Irigoyen & C. Witthoeft v K. Kanepi & A. Petkovic
A. Quereshi & J. Rojer ( 9 ) v D. Ferrer & M. Lopez
COURT 8 – play begins at 11.30am
R. Peterson v D. Vekic
M. McDonald v N. Jarry
P. Kohlschreiber ( 25 ) v G. Muller
COURT 9 – play begins at 11.30am
A. Begemann & Y. Uchiyama v P. Cuevas & M. Granollers ( 11 )
C. McHale & J. Ostapenko v N. Broady & A. Muhammad
K. Boulter & K. Swan v L. Hradecka & S-W. Hsieh ( 14 )
E. Mertens & D. Schuurs ( 8 ) v S. Cirstea & S. Sorribes Tormo
COURT 10 – play begins at 11:30am
R. Haase v R. Lindstedt v I. Dodig & R. Ram ( 10 )
S. Kenin & S. Vickery v N. Geuer & V. Golubic
Y. Putinseva & A. Tomlijanovic v K. Flipkens & M. Niculescu ( 13 )
M. Mirnyi & P. Oswald ( 16 ) v J. Peralta & H. Zeballos
COURT 11 – play begins at 11.30am
A. Pavlyuchenkova & S. Stosur v N. Kichenok & A. Rodionova
L. Broady & S. Clayton v F. Tiafoe & J. Withrow
M. Ebden & T. Fritz v P. Gojowczyk & B. Paire
M. Sakkari & D. Vekic v X. Han & L. Kumkhum
COURT 14 – play begins at 11.30am
S. Cirstea v E. Rodina
A. Mannarino ( 22 ) v R. Harrison
J. Goerges ( 13 ) v V. Lapko
J. Clarke & C. Norrie v M. Arevalo & H. Podipnik-Castillo
COURT 15 – play begins at 11.30am
J. Erlich & M. Matkowski v J. Eysseric & H. Nys
I. Karlovic v J. Struff
V. Kudermetova & A. Sabalenka v D. Collins & J. Moore
COURT 16 – play begins at 11.30am
K. Skupski & N. Skupski v I. Bozolijac & D. Dzumhur
A. Bedene v R. Albot
B. Bencic & K. Kozlova v L. Arruabarrena & A. Parra Santonja
COURT 17 – play begins at 11.30am
A. Petkovic v Y. Wickmayer
G. Garcia-Lopez v D. Medvedev
M. Brengle v C. Giorgi
A. Bolt & L. Hewitt v R. Klaasen & M. Venus ( 13 )
TBC ( not before 5pm )
R. Atawo & A-L. Groenefeld ( 11 ) v X. Knoll & A. Smith
L. Bambridge & J. O'Mara v L. Kubot & M. Melo
Y. Bonaventure & B. Schoofs v H. Chan & Z. Yang ( 7 )
Who are the top players ?
Roger Federer is the top seed for the men 's tournament , with Rafael Nadal in number two and Marin Cilic in third . Andy Murray is not seeded after his injury saw his world ranking drop to 156 .
French Open champion Simona Halep tops the women 's seedings and is followed by Caroline Wozniacki in second and defending champion Garbine Muguruza in third . Wimbledon has seeded Serena Williams at 25th as the seven-time champion is currently ranked 183rd after an absence from the tour to give birth to her first child .
See the full Wimbledon seedings here .
No . It has n't been an easy journey to Wimbledon for Andy Murray . He has been off the court for nearly a year , eventually undergoing hip surgery in January . He returned to compete at Queen 's Club in June , bowing out to Nick Kyrgios , and was beaten by Kyle Edmund at Eastbourne . He was due to take part in Wimbledon , but pulled out of a first round match against Frenchman Benoit Paire on the eve of the tournament , instead focusing his comeback on the hardcourt season and US Open .
Advertisement
How can I watch Wimbledon on TV ?
As is tradition , the BBC will air coverage of the tournament with Sue Barker fronting the presenting team . Find out more here .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
It 's hard not to laugh when you hear the way some wines are described . A wine can be briary , burnt , blunt , brawny or backward . It can be fat , fleshy or flinty . And it can be described to have a finish you hope will never , well , finish . But a recent report shows those highfalutin adjectives translate into big money for winemakers .
In a recent experiment , participants were presented with the same wine — once with no information about it and once with an elaborate description — and formed very different opinions of them . Consumers typically see wine descriptions on bottle labels and on websites that sell the wine .
In the study 's first session , participants were given a blind taste test . In the second , held over a week later , they were given descriptions of the wines and told they were of very high quality . The results ? “ The elaborate information level evoked higher expectations before tasting the wines , plus resulted in higher liking ratings , ” according to the study , conducted by the University of Adelaide 's School of Agriculture , Food and Wine , Waite Research Institute , in Australia .
And the upshot ? Participants said they were willing to pay more for the wines with the fancy descriptions . The wine varietals that participants tasted were Chardonnay , Riesling and Sauvignon Blanc .
The people “ fooled ” by the descriptions should n't feel bad , though . Even wine experts have been shown on several occasions to not be able to distinguish expensive wine from inexpensive . Or “ good ” from “ bad. ” Or , in one now-famous study , red from white .
In 2001 , a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Bordeaux in France dyed a white wine red and gave it to over 50 oenology ( wine science ) students . The experts described the wine as if it were a red .
Maggie Benson , a member at the church , helped start the luncheon after she spoke to some representatives from the Senior Citizen 's Awareness Network .
“ When we first organized , I went and talked to SCAN , and I asked them what was the greatest need for the senior citizens in the community , and she said transportation and food , ” said Benson .
Benson said the luncheon is n't just for senior citizens though . Pretty much anyone is invited .
“ Even if we have the people that are just hungry , they do n't have to be a senior citizen , ” said Benson . “ The main thing is feeding . ”
Tuesday 's luncheon featured more than just food . Everyone who walked in the door received a clothespin to wear on their shirt . Anyone who was seen crossing their arms or legs got their clothespin stolen , and the person with the most clothespins at the end of the day won a prize .
The group also made time for prayer , a Bible quiz , singing and bingo , in which the winners had to call out “ Jesus ” instead of bingo or they would n't win a prize . Pastor Raymond Burns helped keep the event organized .
The Community Fellowship Luncheon meets every two weeks at the Baird Grove Missionary Baptist Church at 19138 Central Pike in Lebanon . For more information , contact Benson at 615-559-2684 .
SAN JOSE — A man is suing San Jose State University in federal court over a dust up with campus police two years ago in which he claims he was slammed face first into the sidewalk and later hooded to keep him from bleeding on the backseat of a squad car .
Related Articles San Jose cat killer gets new pre-sentencing date
Oakland man linked to cigarette thefts from South Bay stores
San Jose : Police arrest 3 suspects in January homicide
Cupertino pursuit ends in arrest of 3 East Bay men , recovery of high-end electronics
San Jose : Suspects arrested in robbery of woman at VTA station Filed last week , Alan Chen 's lawsuit alleges excessive force and other constitutional violations on the part of officers Sean Farrell , Johnathon Silva , Munir Edais , Scott Buckovic and Lee Tassio .
The incident took place the night of April 17 , 2015 , when Chen and a group of friends went to attend an event on campus . One of Chen 's friends got into an argument with security staff while standing in line and the entire group was asked to leave . Chen complained but did not otherwise resist when he was escorted away , according to the suit .
Chen then decided to return to his apartment , which was in the same direction as the end of the line . The suit says he stopped at the end of the line to explain to some friends what had happened .
That 's when Edais , along with Silva , walked up to Chen , whistled and reportedly told him , “ Sup bro … did n't they tell you to go ? ” Within seconds , Chen was hurled face first into the sidewalk , according to the suit . Despite being knocked unconscious by the impact , Chen was told to stop resisting , and Farrell reportedly stepped on Chen and held him down .
The suit says Chen was dragged by his handcuffs and placed in a squad car , where he started to spit up blood . Edais , Buckovic and Tassio reportedly made fun of Chen , saying “ look at the job you did to his face and teeth ” and “ stop bleeding all over my car . ”
The same three officers then placed a hood over Chen 's head to keep him from bleeding on the backseat , according to the suit .
Chen was reportedly taken to Valley Medical Center to be treated for his injuries , but he was left to wait in the parking lot . He was eventually allowed to leave without being seen .
The suit says Chen sought emergency treatment the following day for two broken teeth . The procedure was costly and caused Chen to suffer financial loss , according to the suit .
Reached by email Monday , San Jose State spokeswoman Patricia Harris said the matter was under review .
“ Although we 've just become aware of this legal complaint , the allegations appear to vary materially from our understanding of the facts and/or department policies , ” Harris said . “ We are continuing to review the matter and will respond appropriately in court . ”
The Santa Clara County District Attorney 's Office charged Chen with public drunkenness and resisting arrest . The case was resolved in September , according to the suit .
Chen 's attorney , Steven Berki , could not be immediately reached for comment late Monday afternoon .
THEY ARE BACK : Oakes Oval will host Nitro Circus Live LATER IN April .
TO SUPPORT Lismore residents affected by the recent floods , Nitro Circus will auction off an autographed jersey signed by Travis Pastrana and his teammates with proceeds to go towards supporting the community .
Nitro Circus is an 'action sport collective ' led by Travis Pastrana , featuring him and his friends travelling around the world riding dirtbikes , base jumping , and performing stunts .
Nitro Circus Live has completed a thorough inspection of the Oakes Oval grounds and , after consulting with local officials , the event has been confirmed for Tuesday , April 25 .
Lismore City Council Tourism and Events Manager Mitch Lowe confirmed the venue is ready to host Nitro Circus .
`` The event is sure to bring much delight to audiences in Lismore , ” he said .
Nitro Circus wants to help the area recover from the natural disaster .
The global action sports collective will auction off an autographed riding jersey , `` with all proceeds benefiting Cyclone Debbie relief efforts ” .
To get the word out nationwide , Travis will also post a special message to Nitro Circus Live 's more than 600,000 Australian fans on Facebook , encouraging them to bid on the jersey and support Debbie victims .
Mike Porra , Executive Chairman & Global Head of Creative for Nitro Circus , said people across the country have witnessed the devastation brought to the Northern Rivers by the weather event .
`` We 've all been following news coverage of Debbie and can not believe its impact , ” he said .
`` While we definitely wanted to ride for our Lismore fans and put on a massive show for them , we needed to make sure it would be safe first .
`` The grounds are in much better shape than expected and we are 100 % go .
`` It 's very important to us to give back to Lismore recovery efforts and help the area get back on its feet , ” Mr Porra said .
Nitro Circus Live showcases an all-star international line up of world-class action sports athletes , plus riders in freestyle motocross ( FMX ) , BMX , scooter and inline - including multiple X Games medalists .
Nitro Circus Live 's daredevils also ride a host of outrageous contraptions off the tour 's famous 40-foot Giganta Ramp , such as tricycles , a wheeled recliner and more .
With an exciting set geared for an outdoor stadium experience , Nitro Circus Live is a spectacular and entertaining event that is fun for fans of all ages .
For Nitro Circus Live ticketsgo to nitrocircus.live .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
•When UNN honoured Adeboye , Okwuosa , Chukwu , seven others at 46th convocation
From Chidi Nnadi , Enugu
When on that Monday afternoon , January 23 , 2017 , the Vice Chancellor of the University of Nigeria , Nsukka ( UNN ) , Prof Benjamin Ozumba , flagged off the 46th convocation of the institution with a press conference , the students and the academics who gathered at the Enugu Campus main hall were excited as his administration was given a clean bill .
For the journalists , Prof Ozumba has done very well in the last two years he has piloted the affairs of the university .
Ozumba was accompanied by principal officers of the university , including the Deputy Vice Chancellor , Administration , Prof Charles Igwe ; Deputy Vice Chancellor , Academics , Prof James Ogbonna ; Deputy Vice Chancellor , UNEC , Prof Smart Uchegbo ; Librarian , Prof Chinwe Ezeani ; Registrar , Chris Igbokwe ; Provost , College of Medicine , Prof. Ernest Amasigwe ; Chairman , Senate Ceremonials , Prof Ken Ofokansi , other professors , deans of faculties and HoDs .
That was the beginning of the ceremonies lined up for the convocation , where 12,448 graduands received various degrees . The convocation also attracted dignitaries from different parts of the country , with some of them coming to felicitate with their children , wards , friends , or as special guests of the university .
Ozumba disclosed that the university consolidated on its position in the latest Webometrics rankings , which still ranked it number one among all universities in Nigeria , saying that UNN had over 4,000 differences in citation between it and the University of Ibadan that came second :
“ Having retained that enviable position consecutively for three rankings , we now consider it a privilege to remain at the top and we are not ready to abdicate that position anytime soon . ”
The next day was the special convocation for the conferment of honorary degree on the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God , Pastor Enoch E. Adeboye . Pastor Adeboye had gained admission into the University of Nigeria in 1963 , but left in 1966 because of the civil war , making the university to find him worthy to be conferred with a Doctorate Degree in Divinity ( Honoris Causa ) .
Excited Adeboye said : “ My joy knew no bounds when it became clear to me that 50 years later , I will still go with a degree of this university , I am grateful to God and to the authorities of the University of Nigeria . ”
Then on Friday , January 27 , it was time for the conferment of first degrees , certificates and diplomas . The Margaret Ekpo Convocation Arena came alive as 10,425 graduaates filed out to receive first degrees , diplomas and certificates with 94 of them bagging First Class Honours Degree .
Mr . Eke Ifeanyichukwu Emmanuel of the Department of Microbiology who emerged the best graduating student said : “ As a student , I had no shoes ; I did menial jobs , including photography , to survive . I thank God who crowned my efforts with good success . ”
The climax of the convocation was on Saturday , January 28 , which was the day for the conferment of postgraduate diplomas , higher degrees , title of professor emeritus and award of honorary degrees .
At the Postgraduate level , the university graduated 2,023 with 365 of receiving Doctor of Philosophy Degrees ( PhD ) ; 1,419 , Masters Degree while 239 were awarded Postgraduate Diplomas .
On the honorary degree level , Emeka Obiora Okwuosa , chairman and CEO of Oilserv Limited , and a seasoned administrator , John Obinna Chukwu , were conferred with Doctor of Business Administration ( Hon . DBA ) and Doctor of Public Administration ( Hon . DPA ) respectively .
Besides Okwuosa and Chukwu , the seven professors who received the title of Professor Emeritus were also from the Faculty of Engineering . They included : Prof. Anthony Okey Odukwe , Prof Samuel Onuorah Onyegegbu , Prof Francis Igboji Idike and Prof Emmanuel Uchecukwu Odigbo . Others are , Prof. W. I. Beniah Onuigbo , Prof. Benson Omeniha Oluikpe and Prof. Samuel Nnagbo Chiejina .
The Visitor to the university , President Muhammadu Buhari , represented by the Minister of State for Education , Prof. Anthony Anwuka , said :
“ I have noted with joy that the present Vice Chancellor , Professor Benjamin Chukwuma Ozumba , clearly understands the pedigree of the founding fathers and did not rest until the university became the first in Nigeria , the 14 in Africa , and presently enjoys an enviable and distinguishing ranking in the world .
“ The special thanks are also due to the hardworking chancellor as well as the pro-chancellor and chairman of the Governing Council , members of the Governing Council , the Senate , staff and students of this university for respecting the product of visible work rather than clinging to the absurdity of invisible thoughts . ”
The Chancellor of the university , Oba Adeyeye Enitan Babatunde Ogunwusi , the Ooni of Ife , charged the graduates and honorary awardees to be good ambassadors of the university , stressing that the UNN would continue to uphold its tradition of delivering quality education .
Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of the Governing Council , Mr Emmanuel Chukwuka Ukala ( SAN ) said : “ Make excellence your watchword and remember always to be the stellar star in whatever environment you find yourself. ” He said the economic recession in the country has presented opportunities for universities to excel in researches and innovations .
On Sunday , January 29 , the curtain for the convocation was drawn with a thanksgiving service held at St. Peter 's Chaplaincy , University of Nigeria . Ozumba thanked God for the successful hosting of the convocation , expressing gratitude to members of staff and students for their cooperation .
Share
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day . After all , it has been 6 - 8 hours ( or more ) since your last meal . But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday , or you do n't have time to prepare breakfast ? The answer may be just down the block . Fast food is okay , but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up ; not to mention the calories . Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice , healthy , down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Reading will be one of the fastest growing towns in the country over the next three years , business experts say .
The town has been deemed as a south-east powerhouse which will grow faster than London and the rest of the area until 2020 , according to EY 's UK Region and City Economic Forecast .
The global leader in assurance , tax , transaction and advisory services , says Reading can expect to see 2.4 per cent Gross Value Added ( GVA ) added every year up until 2020 .
The rest of the Thames Valley , including Bracknell and Wokingham , has predicted growth of 2.3 per cent .
The forecasts say towns and cities in the south are expected to outperform areas in the rest of the country .
Towns like Luton , Bristol and Exeter are all predicted to perform at around 2.3 per cent GVA , much higher than the national average of 1.8 per cent .
Reading sits alongside Manchester as the predicted top performers over the next three years .
Top towns and cities for growth
This is despite EY predicting the gap between the south and north will get bigger and that London and the South-East will continue to outperform the rest of the country .
Richard Baker , managing partner at EY in the Thames Valley & South , says : `` The pace of economic and employment growth in Reading and the Thames Valley is already out-pacing London and the wider south east and will continue to do so over the next three years .
`` The growth we 're seeing in both Reading and the Thames Valley reflects the strengths of the region in terms of its highly skilled workforce ; the employer base ranging from world-leading corporates through to fast-growth entrepreneurs ; and the region 's sectoral composition . ''
EY 's report shows the performances of towns like Reading and Cambridge show the importance of strong sectors in how towns grow economically .
The company 's forecast predicts the information and communications sectors will grow by 3.5 per cent and 3.4 per cent every year .
This is compared to manufacturing , which is only expected to grow by one per cent .
Mr Baker said this is good news for Reading .
He added : “ In Reading , the information and communications sector accounts for more than twice as large a share of GVA as the national average .
`` These conditions mean Reading and the Thames Valley is able to continue growing faster than much of the rest of the UK . ”
Gene Michael was much more than man who saved the Yankees would become the team of the 1990s , and so it is easy to forget just what a bubbling mess of chaos and ineptitude the 1990 squad was . They ...
Bernie Williams ' ode to Derek Jeter , who 's never changed Derek Jeter was a great teammate and one of my closest friends on the team in my tenure with the Yankees . He took his role of captain of the team ...
Yankees still give 'very mature ' Jorge Mateo a big demotion LAKELAND , Fla. — Jorge Mateo , perhaps the Yankees ' most heralded prospect a year ago , has been overshadowed much of this spring by other young players such as Gleyber Torres and James ...
Yankees know the 'lucky ' line between dynasty and disaster TAMPA – It 's not going to go how you expect . That is hardly the cheery , pie-eyed optimism associated with pitchers and catchers reporting and the first day of spring training ....
When superstar athletes take the time to interact with fans This was the spring of 2007 , and David Wright already had been signing autographs for 45 minutes in the hot Port St. Lucie , Fla. , sunshine . His workday was over . The ...
1996 Yankees back in spotlight : 'You never forget your first ' The pinstripes had lost some of their luster . Eighteen years had passed since the Yankees won a World Series , the longest drought since Babe Ruth led the team to its ...
Subway Series turns 20 : The 20 best in Yankees-Mets rivalry This is the 20th season in which the Mets and Yankees have played each other . In the years since the Subway Series began , plenty of players have stood out — ...
How Bernie Williams blended in for 4 years of music school Bernie Williams had it made . Or so the rest of us thought . The superb baseball career with the industry 's most famous team ? Check . A second life as a professional musician , ...
Joe Torre relives 1996 , and the Jeter trade that could 've ruined it all They were n't anyone 's Boys of Spring , much fewer Boys of Summer , and on the 20th anniversary of the birth of the last Yankees dynasty , Joe Torre remembers it all , remembers ...
'Baywatch ' co-creator puts Malibu house on the market for $ 8.9M Gregory J. Bonann , co-creator of the TV series about L.A. lifeguards , lived on the property in the 1970s—when it was just a shack and he was just a lifeguard .
Carmen Electra and Zac Efron are too hot to be real It looks as if Madame Tussauds got two wax figures for the price of one . On Wednesday , Carmen Electra helped unveil a Zac Efron figurine at the famed Hollywood emporium ....
Kelly Rohrbach 's diva attitude is ruining her acting career A studio source tells us that her behavior on the recent film “ Baywatch ” was to blame .
'Baywatch ' flop shows how Hollywood has failed us For all the rhapsodizing about Peak TV , our so-called Golden Age of Television , not nearly enough criticism is leveled at its underbelly : the endless onslaught of reboots . It 's a phenomenon ...
'Baywatch ' reboot is good for celeb-ogling , but not much else On the bright side , it 'll probably do killer business in Germany . “ Baywatch ” is the latest in a burgeoning Hollywood genre — the meta sendup of a TV series — setting ...
'Baywatch ' babe Kelly Rohrbach loves beating dudes at sports Kelly Rohrbach has one very big advantage when it comes to conquering Hollywood : her backswing . It turns out the 5-foot-9 model and actress , who is stepping into Pamela Anderson 's red ...
NLVPD released surveillance stills of two suspects who are wanted for questioning in the homicide investigation of an 18-year-old woman ( NLVPD / FOX5 ) .
North Las Vegas Police are piecing together an overnight crime scene where a woman was shot and killed .
Officers were called to University Medical Center shortly after 10 p.m. with reports of an 18-year-old woman , identified by the Clark County Coroner 's Office as Abigail Fischl , suffering from a gunshot wound . She was later pronounced deceased . Police said a 24-year-old man took her to the hospital .
An official release said officers were then dispatched to a convenience store near Ann Road and Tropical Parkway where the shooting took place . Citing the investigation , police said Fischl was a passenger in a white Jeep when she was shot .
Police said prior to the shooting , Fischl , and the 24-year-old man came into contact with two unidentified men in the store . Due to this incident , police said they believe this is not a random act of violence .
The NLVPD released surveillance stills of the two suspects who are now wanted for questioning in connection with the shooting .
Police described the suspects as thin men in their early 20 's . One suspect had dreadlocks who was last seen wearing khaki pants , a dark sweatshirt , and black shoes . The second suspect wore a dark sweatshirt with gray sweatpants at the time of the incident .
Anyone with information regarding the identity of the suspects is urged to contact the NLVPD at 702-633-9111 .
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this developing story .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
According to TMZ , Meek Mill is a free man and will be released from prison today , April , 24th . The Pennsylvania Supreme Court overruled Judge Genece Brinkley 's poor decision to keep Meek Mill behind bars . The unfair judge was holding a personal grudge against Meek Mill . Prosecutors asked that his conviction be overturned because of a dirty cop . Meek Mill thanked God , Jay-Z , his family , his friends , his attorneys , and more in a statement to TMZ .
“ I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z , Desiree Perez , my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans , The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time . ”
“ While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . ”
Meek adds , “ To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case , but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct . Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . ”
Cheer for a Cure has been going on for fourteen years .
It started at Genoa High School but the event is so big now it 's had to be moved to the SeaGate Centre in Downtown Toledo .
Cheer for a Cure is a cancer fundraiser attracting over a thousand cheerleaders .
Events are held across the country every year but it all started in Genoa .
Eight hundred thousand dollars has been raised over the years to help cancer families through difficult times .
“ We give them some funds so they can get services they need , get to appointments , have meals , things like that . Or if its ' a terminal situation do something special with family we fund , ” said Maria Maluchnick .
She and her sister Valerie Widmer formed Cheer for a Cure as a tribute to their mother Stella Bertz , the former cheerleading coach at Genoa High School .
She died of lung cancer in 2003 .
“ She was kind , loving and energetic . Always had a smile on her face . Key person in the community of Genoa when I grew up , ” said Ms. Widmer .
In Toledo , seventy cheerleading teams competed in ninety events .
For the girls , this is serious fun .
“ Other families are in danger of this life-taking disease . So you want to raise money to give them back their family , ” said Camryn Miller .
Layla Cathers agreed .
“ I love being kind . I like helping other people and giving that , '' said Layla .
And helping cancer patients and their families one flip at a time .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Image copyright AFP
US President Donald Trump has repeatedly called the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers the `` worst ever '' and threatened to abandon it .
The accord - negotiated by his predecessor , Barack Obama - saw Iran limit its sensitive nuclear activities in exchange for relief from international sections .
Why does Mr Trump oppose it ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A timeline of what Trump 's said about the Iran deal
Mr Trump has twice refused to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the agreement , but so far declined to reimpose nuclear-related sanctions .
However , he warned in January that the US would `` withdraw '' from the deal on 12 May - the next deadline for waiving sanctions - unless Congress and European powers fixed its `` disastrous flaws '' .
He complained that the deal only limited Iran 's nuclear activities for a fixed period ; had failed to stop the development of ballistic missiles ; and had handed Iran a $ 100bn ( £72bn ) windfall that it used `` as a slush fund for weapons , terror , and oppression '' across the Middle East .
What was agreed under the deal ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Iran limited its sensitive nuclear activities in exchange for sanctions relief
The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) was agreed by Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council - the US , UK , France , China and Russia - plus Germany ( the P5+1 ) .
The accord saw Iran agree to limit the size of its stockpile of enriched uranium - which is used to make reactor fuel , but also nuclear weapons - for 15 years and the number of centrifuges installed to enrich uranium for 10 years . Iran also agreed to modify a heavy water facility so it could not produce plutonium suitable for a nuclear bomb .
The accord was endorsed by Security Council resolution 2231 and its implementation began on January 2016 , after the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) certified that Iran had fulfilled its key commitments .
What does Mr Trump want 'fixed ' ?
The president declared in January that he would no longer waive sanctions unless Congress approved an amendment to legislation covering the nuclear deal that :
Demands Iran allow immediate inspections at all sites requested by the IAEA
Ensures Iran `` never even comes close to possessing a nuclear weapon '' . US officials say that means keeping the so-called `` break-out time '' - the time it would take Iran to make a bomb if it decided to do so - at a year or more
Includes provisions limiting Iran 's nuclear activities that have no expiration dates , and allowing sanctions to `` snap back '' if the new criteria are breached
Explicitly states for the first time that Iran 's long-range missile and nuclear weapons programmes are inseparable , and that the development and testing of missiles should be subject to severe sanctions
What do Iran and the other P5+1 nations say ?
Image copyright EPA Image caption President Hassan Rouhani says Iran 's nuclear programme could be restarted `` within hours ''
Iran , which insists its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful , considers the JCPOA `` not renegotiable '' .
President Hassan Rouhani has said there would be `` severe consequences '' if the US reimposes sanctions . He did not give any details , but Iranian officials have said uranium enrichment could be stepped up within days and that the country could withdraw from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
The European powers have said they are committed to upholding the accord .
Image copyright AFP Image caption French President Emmanuel Macron told Mr Trump he was willing to `` work on a new deal ''
But French President Emmanuel Macron said during a visit to Washington on Tuesday that it was `` not sufficient '' and that he was willing to `` work on a new deal '' . Mr Macron said it would need to make sure there was no Iranian nuclear activity `` in the long run '' ; end Iranian ballistic missile activity ; and finding `` a political solution to contain '' Iran in the Middle East , where it is involved in several conflicts .
Russia and China have expressed their `` unwavering support '' for the JCPOA , while IAEA chief Yukiya Amano has said its failure would be `` a great loss '' .
Will deal collapse if the US reimposes sanctions ?
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has said such a move would `` amount to basically killing the deal '' and that it was `` most likely '' that Iran would abandon it as well . However , in theory the deal could survive if Iran and the other parties continue to honour their commitments .
The European powers and other concerned countries could refuse to comply with the US sanctions - international co-operation was key to the previous sanctions regime that brought Iran to the negotiating table .
There are also questions about whether the US could actually `` withdraw '' from the JCPOA , as Mr Trump has suggested .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Iran was implementing the deal
The Obama administration argued that the JCPOA was `` not a treaty '' , but rather a reflection of `` political commitments '' made by Iran and the P5+1 .
However , the EU 's foreign policy chief , Federica Mogherini , said in October 2017 that no party could pull out . `` It is not a bilateral agreement . It does not belong to any single country and it is not up to any single country to terminate it , '' she said . `` It is a multilateral agreement that was unanimously endorsed by United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 . ''
Some have suggested the US might seek to counter accusations that it is violating the resolution by citing the JCPOA 's preamble , which says all parties must refrain from `` any action inconsistent with the letter , spirit and intent '' of the deal .
Has Iran complied with the deal ?
Image copyright AFP Image caption IAEA inspectors have certified that Iran is fulfilling its nuclear-related commitments
The IAEA has said it has the `` world 's most robust verification regime in place in Iran '' , and its inspectors have certified 11 times since 2016 that Iran is fulfilling its nuclear-related commitments under the JCPOA .
However , the watchdog has recorded several technical violations . For instance , Iran has twice exceeded its heavy-water production cap .
The IAEA has also said its inspectors were granted access to all locations that they needed to visit in 2017 . However , they did not seek to enter any military sites , which Iranian officials had declared off-limits - a move the US said raised doubts over Iranian compliance .
The US and European powers also say Iran has carried out ballistic missile tests in violation of Security Council resolution 2231 . It `` calls upon '' Iran not to `` undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using such ballistic missile technology '' . Iran says the missiles are not designed to carry nuclear warheads .
Has US kept its side of the deal ?
Iran has accused the US of breaching the JCPOA by imposing new sanctions not directly related to its nuclear activities . They have targeted entities associated with Iran 's ballistic missile programme and the Revolutionary Guards , as well as alleged human rights abusers .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Iran 's currency has slumped against the dollar amid concerns that US sanctions will resume
Iranian officials have also expressed frustration that the US has kept in place a ban on direct trade with Iran and regulations barring Iran from access to the US financial system . The restrictions were already deterring foreign companies from doing business in Iran before Mr Trump threatened to abandon the nuclear deal .
Public discontent with the slow pace of Iran 's economic recovery helped spark anti-government protests across Iran at the end of 2017 .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Want More News Like This ?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site , along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Divorce is linked to a wide range of poor health outcomes , including early death . A new study suggests two reasons why : a greater likelihood of smoking and lower levels of physical activity .
“ We were trying to fill in the gap of evidence linking marital status and early mortality , ” says Kyle Bourassa , a psychology doctoral student at the University of Arizona and lead author of the study , which appears in Annals of Behavioral Medicine .
“ We know marital status is associated with both psychological and physical health , and one route from divorce to health risk is through health behaviors , like smoking and exercise . We also know that health behaviors are often linked to psychological variables , like life satisfaction . ”
Life satisfaction
Researchers based their findings on data from the English Longitudinal Study of Aging , a long-term health study of adults older than 50 living in Britain . The study includes seven waves of data , collected from participants every two years beginning in 2002 .
The researchers analyzed data from 5,786 study participants , 926 of whom were divorced or separated and had not remarried , and the rest of whom were married . They looked at participants ' self-reported life satisfaction , exercise frequency , and smoking status , as well as measurements of their lung function and levels of inflammation .
“ …if we know someone who is divorced , maybe we should ask , ‘ Are you smoking ? Are you getting enough physical activity ? ' ”
They also kept track of who passed away during the study period , finding that participants who were divorced or separated had a 46 percent greater risk of dying during the study than their still-married counterparts .
As to why that might be , the findings show that that divorced or separated participants , especially women , report lower life satisfaction than married participants . Lower life satisfaction , in turn , predicted lower levels of physical activity , which is linked to greater risk for early death .
Divorced participants also were more likely than married participants to smoke and , as a result , had poorer lung function , which predicted early mortality .
Partner control
While the study , which controlled for variables such as gender , self-reported health , age , and socioeconomic status , did n't explicitly examine why divorce seems to be associated with greater likelihood of smoking and lower levels of exercise , one possible explanation , supported by existing research , is that divorced individuals no longer have spouses holding them accountable for their health behaviors , Bourassa says .
“ Partner control of health might play a role . If you imagine a husband or wife who does n't smoke and their partner does , one might try to influence the other 's behavior . In many ways , when relationships end , we lose that important social control of our health behaviors . ”
Future research should consider the roles of other health behaviors , such as diet and alcohol consumption , as well as other marital statuses , such as widowed or remarried adults , Bourassa says .
Further , studies might look at the effects of changes in behavior—for example , quitting smoking or starting smoking for the first time—which is something the current study did n't consider . More work also could also determine if the findings regarding smoking and exercise for aging adults after divorce are generalizable to younger divorced populations , too .
It 's important to note that divorce does n't always lead to negative health outcomes . Quality of life , for example , can significantly improve for individuals who have ended unhealthy relationships .
Still , since divorce overall continues to be linked to poorer health , knowing that smoking and exercise may be part of the explanation could help inform interventions for those who have gone through a separation , Bourassa says .
“ This is a subgroup of people that are at greater risk for these poorer health behaviors , so the goal might be to target them for interventions to hopefully improve their long-term health .
“ We have interventions for people who smoke , and we have interventions for people who do n't get enough exercise , so if we know someone who is divorced , maybe we should ask , ‘ Are you smoking ? Are you getting enough physical activity ? ' ” he says .
“ Finding that life satisfaction seems to link divorce to physical activity levels also suggests that interventions to improve people 's life satisfaction and psychological well-being could translate downstream to physical health improvements . ”
Source : University of Arizona
MONTREAL — A Catholic group says it is bringing the right forearm of a 16th-century Jesuit missionary on a cross-Canada tour to celebrate the country 's 150th birthday .
A spokesperson for Catholic Christian Outreach says the relic of Saint-Francois-Xavier will visit 14 Canadian cities during a month-long tour that kicks off on Jan. 3 .
Debra Proulx says the saint 's right forearm is considered an important religious relic that is rarely allowed to leave Rome .
She says the relic is well-preserved since it never fully decomposed after the Spanish-born saint died in 1552 .
She said that while the arm may be a curiosity for some Canadians , venerating the physical remains of saints is an important aspect of some Christians ' faith .
The tour 's organizers , which include the Ottawa archdiocese and the Jesuits of Canada , say they expect over 100,000 visitors once the tour begins in Quebec City .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
One of the most renowned and talented singers from Karnataka , a proud Kannadiga , Raghu Dixit is disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood .
The multi-faceted artist who rose to fame with his Kannada songs and his band , The Raghu Dixit Project , is now a successful music director in Sandalwood .
He was one of the people who was responsible for highlighting Karnataka and Kannada 's importance . He has shown the world the importance of Kannada janapada songs .
This gem of a person is now extremely sad and disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood . He has been blamed for staying in foreign countries for too long . This baseless blame has made him lose some of the best offers of directing music in KFI , which had upset the artist .
Raghu Dixit expressed his disappointment on the Super Talk Time show , which airs on Colors Super channel , and addressed those people who falsely blamed him and spoke a few words which everyone ought to know .
Read more ..
Sonam To Ditch Big Fat Wedding
While speaking to The National , Sonam commented on her wedding preparations and said , `` I think the whole idea of a marriage is more appealing to me than a wedding.I think there is too much money spent ; it 's all very crass , and I would rather give that money away . ''
Sonam Kapoor Anand Ahuja Wedding : Mehendi , Sangeet & Marriage VENUE & DATE FINALISED ! | FilmiBeat
Sonam Finds It 'Disgusting '
`` I 'd rather have a wedding at home than anywhere else . I think it 's important to do all the rituals , but I do n't believe in spending all that money , I find it disgusting and very wasteful , and I 'm not okay with that at all . ''
Have A Look At These Grand Weddings Of B-town
On that note , we bring to you the top Bollywood weddings which had left the film industry awe-struck !
Shilpa Shetty 's wedding is one of the most talked-about wedding ceremonies of the B-town . Their royal wedding took place in Khandala and Shilpa 's heavy outfit was designed by Tarun Tahiliani . Did you know that their wedding cake at the reception in Mumbai was of 9 tiers and weighed 80 kgs ?
Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan
Though it was a close-knit affair , but Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan 's wedding was nothing less than expensive . From the costly cards to designer outfits to grabd decorations , Aishwarya & Abhishek 's wedding became the talk of the town in 2007 .
Shahid Kapoor-Mira Rajput
Shahid Kapoor & Mira Rajput also went a grand way , The couple tied-knot infront of their family members and close friend but later threw a grand reception and it was attended by who 's who of the B-town .
Asin Thottumkal & Rahul Sharma
Asin Thottumkal got married to Micromax founder Rahul Sharma in a Christian wedding ceremony followed by Hindu rituals in New Delhi in January 2016 . The Hindu ceremony was attended by 200 guests and the mandap for the wedding had been constructed on top of a body of water .
Anushka Sharma-Virat Kohli
From the sangeet ceremony , the mehendi ceremony , haldi , wedding to reception , everything looked like a fairy tale . Virat & Anushka are one of the rare couples of the B-town , who tied the knot outside India . The duo later threw reception in Delhi as well as Mumbai and needless to mention , PM Narendra Modi also was in attendance ! Could it get any bigger ?
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
Singer/songwriter Kara DioGuardi — who wrote honestly in her book , “ A Helluva High Note , ” about the difficulties she encountered during her stint as an “ American Idol ” judge — has listed her three-story townhouse-style condo at the Dillon , 425 W. 53rd St. , for $ 4.79 million .
It was first listed in September 2015 for $ 5.19 million . DioGuardi has written and collaborated with artists including Britney Spears , Gwen Stefani , Kelly Clarkson and Christina Aguilera .
Her four-bedroom home comes with its own entrance at street level , as well as another entryway via a subterranean parking space . Inside , there are 12-foot ceilings , floor-to-ceiling windows and sliding glass doors that lead to a 695-square-foot private landscaped backyard .
There 's also a large living room , an open chef 's kitchen with a wine refrigerator , a home office/nanny 's suite and central air conditioning .
The master bedroom alone has five south-facing windows , its own home office alcove and a spa-like bathroom .
The listing brokers are Douglas Elliman 's John Gomes , Fredrik Eklund and Hunie Kwon .
By Kelly Terez
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — After white nationalists were seen holding tiki torches while marching through the University of Virginia on Friday night , TIKI Brand Products came out with a statement denouncing the extremists .
“ TIKI Brand is not associated in any way with the events that took place in Charlottesville and are deeply saddened and disappointed , ” the tiki torch-maker said . “ We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way . Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard . ”
The white supremacists chanted “ white lives matter , ” “ you will not replace us , ” and “ blood and soil ” — a phrase associated with Nazis — ahead of Saturday 's far-right “ Unite the Right ” rally to protest the removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Violence erupted on Saturday when the rally-goers clashed with counter-protesters , and one 32-year-old woman died when a car crashed into a group of demonstrators protesting against the white nationalists . Two Virginia State Police officers were also killed when the helicopter they were in to monitor the protests crashed nearby .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Business News
Nigeria 's Consul-General in Guangzhou , China , Mr Wale Oloko , says no fewer than 36 Nigerian Small and Medium Enterprises would be participating in the forthcoming China International Small and Medium Enterprise , Fair .
Oloko made the announcement in an e-mail sent to newsmen in Lagos .
He said that the consulate and the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Agency of Nigeria ( SMEDAN ) were collaborating to showcase Nigerian products at the fair .
“ Thirty six small and medium enterprises from Nigeria are to participate at the 14th China International Small and Medium Enterprises Fair in Guangzhou from October 9 to October 13 .
“ We are to ensure that Nigerian entrepreneurs showcase their products to visitors and investors from all over the world and explore export opportunities .
“ The SMEs of the Federal Republic of Nigeria will exhibit food , clothing , handicraft and manufactured agricultural products . ”
According to him , the Nigerian SMEs will also be participating at the Canton International Trade scheduled to commence on October 15th in Guangzhou .
The envoy said the fair would also provide an opportunity for the consulate and SMEDAN to inform Chinese investors of Nigeria 's ongoing economic diversification and recovery efforts .
Oloko said it was imperative to make the Chinese know of the Nigerian Government 's commitment to improving its infrastructure and transforming Nigeria to a producing nation .
“ Nigerian Government takes the issue of economic revitalisation seriously and will grant incentives to encourage investments in the priority sectors listed in the recently released Economic Recovery and Growth Plan .
“ The plan is focused on achieving macro-economic stability , transforming agriculture , driving sufficiency in energy , improving transportation infrastructure and growing industrialisation with attention on small and medium scale enterprises . ”
We know that Ajay Devgn and Kajol are doting parents to Nysa and Yug . While most of the star kids are expected to choose the same profession their parents are in , one wonders if Nysa too would end up following her parent 's footsteps .
Unlike Sridevi who in one of her previous interviews , revealed how she was a little apprehensive about her daughter Jhanvi joining the showbiz , Kajol has a different take on her daughter taking a plunge in Bollywood .
When quizzed if she and her husband Ajay would be comfortable if Nysa plans to take up acting as a career , here 's what the 'VIP 2 ' actress had to say ...
'Ajay Is A Very Understanding Father ' Kajol was quoted as saying to a leading daily , `` Ajay is a very understanding and accepting father . We wo n't force our kids to take the profession we are in , but if they want it themselves , we will support them . ''
' I Hope My Relationship With My Children Keeps Changing With Time , Age And Maturity ' Earlier while talking to Pinkvilla , Kajol had said , `` As for my relationship with my children , I hope it keeps changing with time , age and maturity for one reason that at one point of time I felt they were quite helpless . They grew into being individuals and hopefully I have brought them up well enough that I know a good mother and god willing I will turn into a great friend eventually . ''
Nysa Thinks Her Mother Is Too Sentimental About Things In the same interview Kajol had mentioned , `` She thinks I am too sentimental about things . She thinks I get touched , upset very easily . She thinks I am a little OTT . But I guess , it is okay . Children are bound to think that of their parents . ''
'Nysa Has A Good Head On Her Shoulders ' Kajol was quoted as saying , `` Honestly , she does n't have that many ( mood-swings ) . She is quite stable that way , I have to say considering all the other children I see of her age . She has a good head on her shoulders . I talk to her a lot about random stuff . I know when I hear her opinions about certain things that she is very intelligent and a balanced girl and that gives me a hope for the future . ''
'Yug Has Grown Up With Our Stardom ' `` I think he has grown up with our stardom . I do n't know if they went through a period of getting used to it . As far as stardom is concerned , we keep it at the gate , no further . We try to keep them balanced and normal . So , they are very very normal children . ''
Well , it 's quite refreshing to hear Kajol talking so candidly about her kids !
BBC The Women 's Football Show
The latest highlights and talking points from the women 's game . series 5 .
The Secretary of Joint Council of Seaport Truckers ( JCOST ) , Mr Godwin Ikeji has called for quick completion of the ongoing rehabilitation of the Apapa ports access roads to facilitate trade .
Ikeji , who expressed satisfaction with the quality of work on the road in an interview with newsmen in Lagos , described poor maintenance as the cause of the country 's moribund infrastructure .
He said that the maritime stakeholders were excited about the repair works on the ports access roads .
“ The quick completion of the roads will bring relief to the maritime sector as many have closed shop because of the dwindling fortune caused by traffic .
“ The monitoring authorities should be at alert to ensure that the construction firms do not cut corners both in the quality of the work done and the time frame .
“ It is disturbing that the truck holding bay at the Liverpool area in Apapa , that is near completion for two years now is still lying fallow while truck drivers use the major roads as parks . ''
“ The provision of truck bay is very essential if we must check traffic congestion on the roads . ''
He called for regular maintenance of the nation 's economic infrastructure as a way to encourage foreign direct investment in the non-oil sector .
Ikeji decried the lack of trained truck drivers in the sector , noting that most of them only learned on the job , therefore , lacking skills .
He also called for the establishment of the truck drivers school to enable drivers and the truck operators to update their skills for efficiency .
Ikeji identified the imposition of payment for stickers by the Nigeria Ports Authority ( NPA ) and the high fines imposed by the Federal Road Safety Corps ( FRSC ) as impediments to ports operations .
He noted that with the concession policy , operators expected improved services , adding that the bad roads linking the ports had become a source of concern to operators at the ports .
You probably ca n't do what Wesley Bryan does with your golf swing . But if you copy Cristie Kerr 's top of the backswing move , you can get more power and consistency in your tee shots by tomorrow .
Kerr won for the first time since 2015 with a remarkable finishing weekend -- shooting a course-record 62 in the third round and following it with a closing 66 to beat Lydia Ko by three at the Lotte Championship in Hawaii . Kerr made 16 birdies and no bogies over the weekend , and missed only three greens while averaging 257 yards off the tee .
`` Everybody wants to swing faster , but most of the things amateur players do to try to get that speed actually makes them swing the clubhead slower , '' says Golf Digest Best Young Teacher Michael Jacobs , who is based at Rock Hill Country Club in Manorville , NY . `` Cristie Kerr does an important thing that lets you transmit real swing speed into the ball , and it happens during her transition . ''
When Kerr gets to the top , her body stays quiet while she then pulls the handle wide , away from her and away from the target , Jacobs says . `` Most amateurs are moving their hands hard down toward the ball and moving their bodies toward the target . The key move is to avoid letting your right hip rotate toward the target too early as you move your hands and the club away . ''
This outward pulling motion is what creates `` lag , '' not any active hand or wrist action .
`` She 's played great golf for a long time with that move , and it 's one anybody can copy right away , '' says Jacobs .
WATCH : GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
According to reports late last year , Google is working on a new operating system called Andromeda . Much about it is still unknown , but according to the documentations Google has provided on its website , it 's clear that the Fuchsia is the actual name of the operating system , and the kernel is called Magenta . A tech enthusiast dug around the documentations to share the followings
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — If you 're still cleaning up from the holidays , there 's still time to recycle that Christmas tree .
Indy Parks is once again teaming up with the Indianapolis Department of Public Works to offer several tree disposal sites .
The trees will be recycled for landscaping resources like mulch and soil blends .
All ornaments , tinsel , light and tree stands must be removed before you drop it off .
The program runs through the end of January . Click here for a list of locations .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
According to reports by the New York Times and the Observer , the research firm Cambridge Analytica procured personal data from as many as 50 million Facebook users , and used that data as part of its work on President Trump 's 2016 campaign . Though Facebook claims Cambridge Analytica and its associates broke the rules in retaining and using this data , this was n't a breach as we typically think of them : The Times reported that 270,000 of those users willingly gave over their info when they signed up for a personality quiz app .
Developers can request to see your relationship status , education history , and religious and political beliefs , among many other data points , but only if you allow them . For example , I had unknowingly shared all of my Facebook photos and photos tagged of me with TripAdvisor . A hiking app called AllTrails could see all of the timeline posts , while Waze had access to my custom friend lists ( including one named “ Frenemies ” ) . In any case , now would be a good time to revisit the third-party apps you 've granted permission to access your Facebook data and review — and maybe revoke — some of the info you 're sharing .
Go to Facebook 's App Settings page .
Strangely , you wo n't find Facebook 's third-party app permissions in privacy settings . You 'll need to go to the App Settings page ( which can be accessed directly here ) .
Alternatively , on the desktop interface , click the downward arrow in the top-right corner and select Settings . Then select Apps from the menu . On the apps page , you 'll see all the apps where you 've logged into Facebook . On mobile , tap the menu bar ( bottom-right for iOS , top-right for Android ) , and select Settings > Account Settings > Apps > Logged in with Facebook .
BETHEL TWP . — On Monday night , the Bethel school board approved several budgetary items , including the establishment of a capital project fund and the approval of appropriations , as well as the 2019 budget .
The board voted to establish a capital project fund that will accumulate resources for the new and existing school facilities .
The board approved the following appropriations : $ 22,250 in the general fund , $ 78,350 in the permanent improvement fund , $ 15,000 for food services , $ 12,800 for uniform and school fees , $ 52,000 for the student activity fund , and $ 26,925 in other local funds .
The board also approved two certificates of availability for construction projects that were approved earlier in the year .
According to Treasurer Tammy Emrick , the district 's budget is in good shape at the end of the year .
“ All told , the budget is doing quite well , ” she said .
Analysis : Trump 's slow walk to condemning white supremacists
hello
Protesters listen during a `` Peace and Sanity '' rally Sunday Aug. 13 , 2017 , in New York , as speakers address white supremacy violence in Charlottesville , Va. , yesterday .
President Donald Trump arrives in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , to speak about the deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Va. , and other topics .
President Donald Trump pauses as he speaks about the deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Va. , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington .
WASHINGTON -- It took President Donald Trump three days to do what should have come fast and easy .
In his carefully worded statement Monday , Trump condemned members of the Ku Klux Klan , neo-Nazis and white supremacists as `` repugnant . '' He vowed that his administration would crack down on those who perpetrate `` racist violence . '' He called for national unity .
It was the type of statement Americans have come to expect from their presidents after racially charged incidents , like the deadly violence that erupted Saturday in Charlottesville , Virginia . But Trump struggled mightily to meet the moment , glaringly omitting any direct condemnation of white supremacists in his initial comments on the incident and decrying bigotry `` on many sides . ''
As the most unconventional president in modern American history , Trump has at times thrived off low expectations . He is often cheered by Republicans and some political moments when he fulfills basic functions of the office . And GOP lawmakers in particular have often tried to explain away his missteps as a function of his lack of experience in Washington and politics .
But he has found himself with few allies after his botched handling of the Charlottesville violence . Several Republicans challenged Trump directly to be more strident in calling out white nationalists and neo-Nazis . Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner said the president needed to `` step up '' and call the groups `` evil . ''
The president got to that place on Monday , declaring that `` racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs . ''
It 's unclear whether his cleanup efforts will ease the political pressure he has faced in recent days . In addition to the disapproval from his own party , a member of a White House advisory council -- Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier -- announced that he was resigning from the panel in protest .
The trouble for Trump is that his struggle in responding to the Charlottesville violence seems to fit a pattern of uncharacteristic caution when it comes to handling racial tensions and condemning the fringe groups that have rallied around his candidacy .
Indeed , it was striking that one of the few signs of support for Trump after his comments Saturday came from the white supremacist website Daily Stormer . The website noted that Trump avoided reporters ' questions about whether he condemned the groups leading the protests . `` Really , really good . God bless him , '' the website wrote .
Trump denies that he 's racist or sympathetic to such groups . Son-in-law Jared Kushner , the grandson of Holocaust survivors , and daughter Ivanka , who converted to Judaism , are among those who have defended the president against those charges .
Still , he has a history of engaging in high-profile , racially fraught battles .
Early in his career as a developer , Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at his family-owned apartment complexes . He long promoted the lie that the nation 's first black president , Barack Obama , was not born in the United States . As a candidate , he proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States . He retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups . And he was slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke .
Some of the president 's friends and advisers have argued that Trump is simply refusing to bend to liberals ' desire for political correctness . A boastful , proudly disruptive politician , Trump often has been rewarded for saying impolite and impolitic things . Some supporters cheer him for being someone who says what they can not .
Democrats frequently assert that Trump sees a political advantage in courting the support of the far right . Indeed , he has benefited politically from the backing of media outlets such as Breitbart or InfoWars . They have consistently promoted Trump and torn down his opponents , sometimes with biased or inaccurate reports .
Charlottesville 's mayor , Democrat Mike Signer , said Sunday that Trump made a choice during his campaign to `` go right to the gutter , to play on our worst prejudices . ''
`` I think you are seeing a direct line from what happened here this weekend to those choices , '' Signer said on CBS ' `` Face the Nation . ''
White House senior adviser Steve Bannon ran Breitbart before joining Trump 's campaign , and several of the president 's other aides believe Bannon continues to have influence over the website . In `` Devil 's Bargain , '' a new book about his role in the Trump campaign , Bannon is quoted as saying that attempts by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to tie Trump to the alt-right and nationalists did not move voters .
`` We polled the race stuff and it does n't matter , '' Bannon said , according to the book .
EDITOR 'S NOTE -- Washington Bureau Chief Julie Pace has covered the White House and politics for The Associated Press since 2007 . Follow her at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC
An elderly man suffered serious injuries and three pet dogs were killed after a fire broke out in a northwest Las Vegas home on Wednesday .
Las Vegas Fire and Rescue crews responded to the blaze at 5:37 p.m in the 3200 block of Hill Valley Street , near the 215 beltway and Cheyenne Avenue . Fire investigators said heavy flames and smoke were visible on arrival and took 15 minutes to extinguish .
According to a release , the cause of the fire was attributed to food cooking on the stove without supervision .
Officials located an elderly man at the scene whose face was covered in soot and with signed hair . He was transported to University Medical Center 's Trauma Unit to be treated for smoke inhalation .
Two additional residents of the home were also displaced . LVFR officials said the kitchen and living room of the home were completely gutted .
UPDATE : Fire is OUT , heavy fire damage on rear of house , one elderly occupant enroute Code 3 to UMC -Trauma for smoke inhalation , serious . Possible cooking fire . Crews picking up , several units being released # PIO1News pic.twitter.com/pZ5QIcpFmM — Las Vegas FireRescue ( @ LasVegasFD ) May 3 , 2018
Damage was estimated at $ 150,000 . Cooking fires are the leading cause of fires in Las Vegas and the leading cause of fire related injuries , a LVFR release said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Keeping KC warm this winter -- that 's the mission of the `` Coats for the Kingdom '' campaign .
Chiefs wide receiver Chris Conley and the Community Services League partnered Monday evening at Mark 's Rugs in Leawood to collect coats for folks who might otherwise go without one this season .
The president and CEO of CSL said many Kansas Citians are without coats , not just the homeless .
“ The number of kids that have to walk to the bus , they stand at the cold bus , the number of people that walk to work , and we just think about how very important coats are , ” said Doug Cowan , president and CEO of CSL .
To make a monetary donation or to see where to drop gently used or new coats off , visit Community Services League 's website .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone 's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community .
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide , and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals , Abu Bakarr Tarawallie , the head of communications for Sierra Leone 's Red Cross Society , tells The Two-Way .
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies , Tarawallie said .
`` It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble , '' Sierra Leone 's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide . `` This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken . ... We 're trying to cordon the area . Evacuate the people . ''
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges . `` We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide , '' Tarawallie says . `` We 're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose . ''
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong , churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses . `` It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area , '' NPR 's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported .
The damage is extreme , says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir : `` In places , entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud , '' he said .
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes , Tarawallie says . `` It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected , and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud . ''
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been `` a little bit chaotic , '' he says . `` No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them . '' He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide .
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura , who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning . `` We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down . By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded , '' she said .
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours . He adds : `` The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives . ''
According to the wire service , deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season .
`` There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society , '' Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian . `` The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society . There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [ it ] comes into the spotlight . ''
Watford Manager Walter Mazzarri Goes Defensive Over His Team 's Struggles
Watford manager Walter Mazzarri has dismissed uncertainty surrounding his future by claiming the Hornets are on course to avoid relegation in a harder Premier League than last year .
The Watford manager was responding to questions about his own position after the fifth defeat in seven games for his side , who crumbled badly against Spurs in a 4-1 home defeat .
He lost Juan Zuniga to an injury to his ankle in the warm-up having already been without eight players in the run-up to the game .
Mazzarri conceded that defeat to Spurs had been his “ lowest moment ” as manager of the club but said that the extensive injuries to his squad , including the attacker Robert Pereyra , had been decisive .
“ From the first day I arrived I spoke with the club and the president , ” Mazzarri said .
“ When we have spoken about the first objective , which has always been the same , it was to avoid relegation . In this moment if we look at the table we are doing even better than the starting objective .
“ We could have been where Crystal Palace are or other teams are but we are n't . This has always been the first objective and we 're doing okay . ”
The post Watford Manager Walter Mazzarri Goes Defensive Over His Team 's Struggles appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:46 Why the Heat could draft North Carolina 's Justin Jackson Pause 2:05 Whiteside talks about buying his mom a house , super teams and hunting for free agents 3:05 Udonis Haslem talks Chris Bosh and free agency 2:58 Justise Winslow says he 's still a month away from a full return from shoulder surgery 4:44 Heat 's Hassan Whiteside surprises mother with keys to six-bedroom home 0:26 Pat Riley talks about plans for free agency 1:20 Pat Riley addresses the Chris Bosh situation 46:37 Pat Riley addresses the media after the 2016-17 season 2:18 Heat 's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season ' 1:07 James Johnson talks about his time with the Heat and his future plans Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Miami welcomes the three kings of the Miami Heat as Lebron James , Dwyane Wade , and Chris Bosh join the NBA team in a spectacular show at AmericanAirlines Arena on Friday July 9 , 2010 .
Miami welcomes the three kings of the Miami Heat as Lebron James , Dwyane Wade , and Chris Bosh join the NBA team in a spectacular show at AmericanAirlines Arena on Friday July 9 , 2010 .
Governors Nyesom Wike of Rivers State and his Ekiti State counterpart , Ayo Fayose have been acussed of imposing Secondus on the party .
A ‘ unity list ' ( which contained the names of favoured candidates for the 21 positions available for election yesterday )
” The PDP governors and some of our respected elders did their homework and we all agreed to adopt the Unity List which is fair to all .
“ We reached a consensus on Secondus and all those on the list as the next members of the National Working Committee .
“ The election was a walkover for Secondus and 20 others .
“ In fact , some of those who stepped down earlier also adopted the Unity List and mobilized their state delegates to vote along the list . ”
Adeniran and some of his supporters walked out of the Eagle Square , Abuja at about 9.11pm in protest against the adoption of the Unity List and compelling of delegates to vote for those on the list .
PDP 2017 Convention Unity List
S/N POSITION NAME STATE ZONE
1 NATIONAL CHAIRMAN PRINCE UCHE SECONDUS RIVERS SOUTH-SOUTH
2 DEPUTY NAT . CHAIR . SOUTH ELDER YEMI AKINWONMI OGUN SOUTH-WEST
3 DEP . NAT . CHAIRMAN NORTH SEN. GAMAWA BABAWA GARBA BAUCHI NORTH EAST
4 NATIONAL SECRETARY SENATOR IBRAHIM TSAURI KATSINA NORTH-WEST
5 DEPUTY NAT . SECRETARY DR. AGBO EMMANUEL BENUE NORTH-CENTRAL
6 NATIONAL Treasurers HON . ARIBISALA ADEWALE EKITI SOUTH-WEST
7 DEP . NATIONAL TREASURER ALH . WADA MASU KANO NORTH-WEST
8 FINANCIAL SECRETARY ABDULLHAI HUSSEINI MAIBASARA NIGER NORTH-CENTRAL
9 DEP . FIN . SEC HON . IRONA ALPHONSUS GERALD IMO SOUTH-EAST
10 NAT . ORG . SECRETARY COL. AUSTIN AKOBUNDU ( RTD ) ABIA SOUTH-EAST
11 DEP . NAT . ORG . SECRETARY BARR . HASSAN YAKUBU NASARAWA NORTH-EAST
12 PUBLICITY SECRETARY KOLA OLOGBONDIYAN KOGI NORTH-CENTRAL
13 DEP . NAT . PUB . SECRETARY HON . DIRAN ODEYEMI OSUN SOUTH-WEST
14 NATIONAL LEGAL ADVISER BAR . EMMANUEL ENOIDEM AKWA IBOM SOUTH-SOUTH
15 DEP . NAT . LEGAL ADVISER BAR . AHMED BELLO LIMAN SOKOTO NORTH-WEST
16 NATIONAL AUDITOR MAI ADAMU MUSTAFA YOBE NORTH-EAST
17 DEP . NAT . AUDITOR MISS DIVINE AMINA ARONG CROSS RIVER SOUTH SOUTH
18 NATIONAL WOMEN LEADER HAJ . MARIYA WAZIRI KEBBI NORTH-WEST
19 DEP . NAT . WOMEN LEADER UMORU ADIZET AUDREY HADIZAT EDO SOUTH-SOUTH
20 NAT . YOUTH LEADER RT . HON . UDEH OKOYE ENUGU SOUTH-EAST
21 DEP . NAT . YOUTH LEADER UMAR BABANGIDA MAINA ADAMAWA NORTH-EAST .
Upgraded Sewerage plant paves the way for more houses
Upgraded Sewerage plant paves the way for more houses
Upgraded Sewerage plant paves the way for more houses
The 85 million upgrade of the Kruisfontein waste water treatment works at Humansdorp is nearing completion .
Kouga Mayor Elza van Lingen said the practical completion date for the upgrade was set for 15 December 2017 .
“ Thanks to the upgrade , the plant will now be able to handle up to 4Ml of sewerage per day .
This is sufficient to cater for the existing needs of the Kruisfontein community and will also enable government to build further RDP houses in the area , ” she said .
Meanwhile , work has been progressing well on the 391 RDP houses currently being built at Kruisfontein .
It is anticipated that at least 200 of the houses will be completed by the end of December .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Beyoncé may have slayed the ubiquitous tabloid baby announcement once and for all . Or at least inflicted the fatal wound .
After avoiding the spotlight for eight weeks , Beyoncé sent shockwaves around the world last week when she announced that she is expecting twins . And she did it the way more and more celebrities are choosing to do so : on Instagram .
Gone are the bids for exclusive publishing rights to baby bump photos on magazine covers or TV . Social media has given stars the power to control their own brands , and they 're not looking back .
And it 's not just pregnancy announcements . Kim Kardashian West revealed the first photos of Saint West — which in the past could have commanded a hefty payout — not in a publication , but on her social media accounts .
Queen B 's announcement generated more than 10 million Instagram likes and a half million comments , in addition to being the lead story on every major entertainment outlet that day .
This boy is getting a little sister . A human sister . ☺️ She 'll make her first appearance tomorrow at # Confirmation . — Erika Christensen ( @ ERIKAjaneC ) ID : 10532287
“ In the past , it would be this competition about who is going to get it — People , Us , a TV outlet — but this way they do n't have to answer to anyone , they can just do it themselves , ” Ian Drew , entertainment director at Us Weekly , told BuzzFeed News . “ They get all the news out there and then we are able to further repost and share their announcement on our social media and our website , which gives them an even bigger platform , and everyone picks it up . ”
And that , experts say , can be far more lucrative than a one-time contract with a magazine or network , because the bigger their social reach , the more money they can command for sponsored or paid posts . For someone like Kardashian , that price tag can be well over seven figures .
The talent does n't care that a million people are going to be reading this article . ID : 10532290
“ Instead of them doing a deal with a magazine and saying , ‘ We will give you exclusive rights for $ 100,000 , ' they would rather do it on their own social media platform…they are bringing people into their life so they will continue as an audience for when they have a career announcement to make , ” said Michael Heller , CEO of Talent Resources , who cut his teeth in the industry brokering multimillion-dollar deals for everything from baby pictures to exclusive interviews .
“ The talent does n't care that a million people are going to be reading this article , ” he added . “ What they care about is that a million people are following their social media…they are bypassing the mainstream media . ”
Loading View on Instagram Actor Rosie Huntington-Whiteley announces her pregnancy on Instagram . Instagram : @ rosiehw ID : 10532267
Exclusively posting a big life moment — a pregnancy , wedding , or engagement — brings new people into a celebrity 's social media sphere . And the prevalence of Facebook , Twitter , Snapchat , and Instagram has created more avenues for them to reach a wider audience .
It also eliminates having to deal with highly competitive media organizations , said Rob Silverstein , executive producer of Access Hollywood .
Merry Christmas from my family to yours ! — Jessica Simpson ( @ JessicaSimpson ) ID : 10532284
“ If you have a big announcement or pictures , and you just give it to one outlet , you can upset other outlets — ‘ Why did you pick them ? ' and that kind of nonsense , ” he said .
Public attitudes on profiting directly off of children , who are now seen far less in paparazzi photos , have also changed .
Silverstein said he does n't see first-baby exclusive photo deals much anymore , unless the money is being donated to charity . “ To me , it feels like you are making money off your kid , and that is distasteful to me , ” he said .
Armie Hammer and Elizabeth Chambers in 2016 . Mike Windle / Getty Images ID : 10532539
Elizabeth Chambers , who has two children with her actor husband Armie Hammer , agreed .
“ You are bringing a human into this world , ” Chambers told BuzzFeed News . “ I do n't think you can put a price on that . It is so personal that it would be weird to shop around details about the most sacred thing — this child 's birth . ”
Social media has also become the dominant space for baby news as media outlets become more reluctant to break personal news involving a child . While it was widely speculated behind closed doors that Amal and George Clooney were expecting , entertainment outlets kept off the news until Julie Chen confirmed it on CBS 's The Talk .
“ We as a show have a policy , even if we know someone is pregnant , we do n't out them until they want it announced , ” Silverstein said .
It all adds up to more control for celebrities .
“ It is here now , ” he said , “ and it is going to continue to grow . ”
A new horror film in Sandalwood is ready to haunt your thoughts and dreams . Get ready for the horror-thriller , Aake . This film is currently making a lot of noise in the Kannada film industry . Aake is directed by K. M. Chaitanya and stars Chiranjeevi Sarja and Sharmila Mandre in the lead roles .
The film team has now released its poster and promo trailer , invoking curiosity in the audience and followers . By the way , Challenging Star Darshan was recently shown the promo trailer , which he has praised and applauded .
Read on to find out what Darshan had to say about the movie ..
Artistically Made Movie
When asked Darshan about the experience of watching the promo trailer , he said , `` Chiranjeevi Sarja 's new film Aake directed by K. M. Chaitanya has turned out to be a fantastic piece of marvel . The promo has been made in the international standards . ''
English Movie Feels
`` I felt like watching an English horror movie . The trailer itself is so marvellously crafted . Be it the scenes , making of the movie or the script , everything is excellent . This film is going to be one of its kind in Sandalwood '' said Darshan , feeling thrilled .
Keep Your Eyes Open
`` This horror movie has been crafter in a fantastic manner . I know this movie will be enjoyed by all and loved by horror movie fans . Try closing your ears and just watch the movie , I am sure you will all feel it is an English movie . Only when you open your ears and listen to it , will you realise that it is a Kannada movie . Please do watch the movie and support the team '' remarked Darshan .
Release Date
Actor Darshan seemed exuberant and elevated , after watching the promo trailer . This movie is bound to keep you on the edge of your seats .
Aake is a mystery , suspense and horror movie starring Chiru and Sharmila Mandre . It will be released on June 30 , 2017 . Go watch it in theatres and let us know how you felt !
Velaikkaran , the upcoming Sivakarthikeyan starrer , is one of the most anticipated Tamil projects of the year . The much-awaited first teaser of the movie , which is produced by 24AM Studios , will be released at 6 PM , today ( 14th August ) .
The movie , which marks the first collaboration of Thani Oruvan director Mohan Raja with 24AM Studios , will feature Nayanthara in the female lead . Popular Malayalam actor Fahadh Faasil will make his Kollywood debut , as the lead antagonist of the movie .
The recently released official posters of Velaikkaran was widely accepted by the Tamil audiences . Expectations are riding high on the project , which deals with social issues . The movie , which is written by Mohan Raja himself , is the second production outing of 24AM Studios , after Remo .
Sivakarthikeyan essays the central character Arivu , while Fahadh Faasil appears in the role of Aadhi . Nayanthara will essay the role of Mrinalini , Arivu 's lady love in the movie , which also features popular actress Sneha appears in a pivotal role .
Ballparks are famously changing up the food items offered in honor of the postseason , and they concocted some crazy options . But nothing beats the Max Scherzer-inspired M & M 's .
The Washington Nationals pitcher 's left eye is brown and his right eye is blue – it 's called heterochromia iridum – so the team created bags of only brown and blue M & Ms to match . They also have K 's printed on them , obviously , with # eyecandy on the bag .
The Nats made playoff M & Ms inspired by Max Scherzer 's eyes pic.twitter.com/ypa8O7NYQ0 — Dan Steinberg ( @ dcsportsbog ) October 6 , 2017
The Nationals partnered with Mars Inc. , the company which produces M & M 's , early this summer , SportsBusiness Daily reported .
These M & M 's are awesome , but there 's a catch . As The Washington Post ‘ s Dan Steinberg explained , they are not for sale , “ but they might surface inside the stadium before a game , or during a game , or even after a game . ”
That sounds like Nats fans will just have to be in the right place at the right time when they 're given away – or when they mysteriously materialize at the ballpark .
Washington opens its postseason play against the Chicago Cubs in the NLDS on Friday at Nationals Park .
REDONDO BEACH , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - SECFilings.com , a leading financial news and information portal offering free real time public filing alerts , recently published an article discussing Golden Arrow Resources ' ( TSX VENTURE : GRG ) recent joint venture deal and the impact on the company as it makes the major transition to becoming a producer .
Golden Arrow Resources recently announced a joint venture with Silver Standard Resources -- a $ 1.3 billion major -- that marks a milestone move from explorer to producer status . In addition to a $ 15 million payment by May 30 , representing its share of profits from the mine since October 2015 , the company will receive a 25 % equity stake in Silver Standard 's Pirquitas mine in Argentina and have a clear pathway for its Chinchillas project .
Under the terms of the deal , Silver Standard gains access to Golden Arrow 's Chinchillas project that sits about 42 kilometers away from its open pit Pirquitas mine and is rapidly running out of ore . The Chinchillas project will have easy access to the mill , processing plant , and other equipment as a way to keep production costs exceptionally low . Golden Arrow will benefit from ongoing revenue sharing without the full cost of developing the mine on its own .
The move will also make Golden Arrow one of the little silver pure-plays in the market with its share of output equivalent to roughly two million silver equivalent ounces . This could become an important feature for investors interested in the silver market without necessarily having exposure to other precious metals , as is common among producers .
Golden Arrow and Silver Standard estimate that the Chinchillas project could be developed into an open pit mine capable of producing the silver equivalent of 8.4 million ounces per year over an eight year period at a cash cost of $ 7.40 per ounce . After tax , the mine could yield a 29 % internal rate of return and a $ 178 million net present value using a 5 % discount rate and metal prices of $ 19.50 per ounce of silver , $ 0.95 per ounce of lead , and $ 1.00 per ounce of zinc .
In terms of a timeline , Silver Standard believes that it could begin construction during the third quarter of this year and have the Chinchillas project shipping ore by the second half of next year . Total capital expenditures should be limited to $ 81 million , which would include a $ 16 million contingency . This means that the company 's shareholders could begin seeing some initial revenue come in as early as next year from the project with a limited cash outlay .
The long-term potential impact on revenue is determined largely by silver prices . In light of the study , the project has excellent leverage to silver prices and really excels with prices of more than US $ 20 per ounce . The company will face around $ 20 million for its share of capital expenditures , although that 's offset by its $ 15 million payment as part of its JV and its existing cash and equivalents of C $ 8.8 million , as of September 30 , 2016 .
Finally , it 's worth noting that the political risk of operating in Argentina has decreased with the new business-friendly regime under President Mauricio Macri . Management 's experience in working within Argentina also bodes well for the success of the project .
Golden Arrow CEO Joseph Grosso has been actively involved in Argentina 's mining sector since 1993 and was named the country 's Mining Man of the Year in 2005 . Over the years , Mr. Grosso and his team discovered the Gualcamayo project that 's now controlled by Yamana Gold Inc. -- a $ 2.7 billion major -- and became involved in a legal battle over who rightly discovered the Navidad silver deposit owned by Pan American Silver .
Chinchillas are originally acquired back in 2011 for the equivalent of roughly $ 1.9 million in cash . In the years afterwards , the company 's management team established an indicated resource that amounted to 104 million ounces of silver equivalent . Silver Standard came along in 2015 and began working through a more than $ 13 million work program to prove up the resources , advance permitting , and move the project to a pre-feasibility stage .
Grosso 's management group also runs two other Argentinian businesses -- Blue Sky Uranium Corp. and Argentina Lithium & Energy Corp. -- which have made tremendous progress in their own industries .
Please follow the link to read the full article : http : //analysis.secfilings.com/articles/161-golden-arrow-makes-a-big-jump-from-junior-to-producer
About SECFilings.com
Founded in 2004 , SECFilings.com provides free real time filing alerts to over 600,000 registered members and offers services to help public companies grow their audience of interested investors .
Disclaimer :
Except for the historical information presented herein , matters discussed in this release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements . Emerging Growth LLC , which owns SECFilings.com , is not registered with any financial or securities regulatory authority , and does not provide nor claims to provide investment advice or recommendations to readers of this release . Emerging Growth LLC may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice . For making specific investment decisions , readers should seek their own advice . Emerging Growth LLC may be compensated for its services in the form of cash-based compensation or equity securities in the companies it writes about , or a combination of the two . For full disclosure please visit : http : //secfilings.com/Disclaimer.aspx .
Asian stock markets mostly finished with losses Wednesday , as the region 's technology stocks tracked weakness in U.S. markets that was triggered by ongoing trade tensions .
The Shanghai Composite SHCOMP , -1.00 % closed down 1 % , while the tech-heavy China Shenzhen ChiNext Composite 399106 , -1.96 % tumbled 2.6 % . Those move came after tech stocks helped drive a selloff for Wall Street on Tuesday , led by Micron Technology Inc. MU , -5.51 % tumbling 5.5 % on news it was temporarily blocked from selling some of its memory chips in China . U.S. markets will be closed in observance of the Independence Day holiday on Wednesday .
The Micron block by China came a day after the U.S. cited national security concerns in moving to prevent China Mobile CHL , -0.70 % 0941 , +0.51 % —the world 's biggest mobile operator in terms of subscribers—from entering its telecom market .
Trade tensions show no signs of easing this week , with the Trump administration 's plan to impose tariffs on up to $ 50 billion worth of Chinese products due to kick on Friday . China has said its own tariffs on $ 34 billion of U.S. goods will take effect on Friday as well , though several hours earlier due to time-zone differences , according to a Reuters report Wednesday .
In other market action on Wednesday , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng Index HSI , -1.06 % fell 1.1 % , while Japan 's Nikkei NIK , -0.31 % and Korea 's Kospi SEU , -0.32 % each eased 0.3 % . Taiwan stocks Y9999 , +0.06 % finished roughly flat .
The Chinese yuan CNYUSD , +0.1508 % was trading higher against the dollar on Wednesday , continuing a recovery that began the previous afternoon after China 's central bank chief pledged to keep the exchange rate “ basically stable. ” The buck USDCNY , -0.1506 % was recently buying 6.6321 yuan , down from 6.6420 late Tuesday in New York .
New Zealand 's NZX 50 NZ50GR , -0.31 % closed down 0.3 % , while Australia 's XJO , -0.43 % main index shed 0.4 % .
— Lucy Craymer and Joanne Chiu contributed to this article .
Want More News Like This ?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site , along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets .
Danielle Jennings
Days later and fans of Beyoncé are still discussing her losing Album of the Year at the 59th annual Grammy Awards , including her sister . Solange Knowles took to her Twitter account to voice her displeasure with her older sister losing AOTY and with the Grammys in general , despite winning her first Grammy during Sunday night 's show for her album A Seat at the Table .
Many notable artists have been very vocal throughout the years about the racism , discrimination and out-of-touch ideals that seem to plague the Grammys , with the most vocal being the 21-time Grammy-winning Kanye West . West let his opinion be known numerous times , but this year other artists publicly echoed his sentiments , including Frank Ocean , who wrote a scathing post on Tumblr , and most recently Solange Knowles .
After Adele decided to use her AOTY acceptance speech as a chance praise Beyoncé , complete with breaking her award in half as a gesture to share it , many Beyoncé fans voiced their disappointment on social media , Solange included .
In a series of tweets that have since been deleted , Solange took the time to not only acknowledge her sister 's loss , but also offer an awards alternative :
“ There have only been two black winners in the last 20 years for Album of the Year . There have been over 200 black artists who have performed . Create your own committees , build your own institutions , give your friends awards , award yourself , and be the gold you wan na hold my g 's . ”
You can check out a screen shot of Solange 's deleted tweets BELOW :
sad Solange deleted her apt Grammys criticism but here it is again : `` create your own commitees… award yourself . '' pic.twitter.com/Dqm3cu6D83 — Jill Krajewski ( @ JillKrajewski ) February 13 , 2017
Check out today 's Top Stories here :
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926932/black-love-valentines-day/
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926917/kel-mitchell-wife-pregnant/
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
In appreciation of Mike Trout 's consistent greatness , Mike Trout Monday is For The Win 's weekly roundup of stuff Mike Trout did .
You might think your peasant lungs unworthy of his name , but Mike Trout is for the people , and you should shout it from your nearest mountaintop :
Mike Trout ! Mike Trout ! Mike Trout !
Work-related travel and ensuing complications forced this author to skip the celebration of Mike Trout Monday last week ( on Trout 's 26th birthday , no less ) , but the best player in baseball continued his dominance of the sport in my absence : Trout posted a 1.481 OPS over the week ending Aug. 6 , then followed it up with a 1.062 mark over his most recent seven games .
Updating a chart presented here in May showcases Trout 's ridiculous consistency . Outside of the three-game week he played immediately after returning from his DL stint in late July , Trout 's worst week of the season produced an .867 OPS . Struggling , by Mike Trout 's standards , means performing like one of the Top 20 hitters in the American League . And he almost never struggles :
Mike Trout 's worst full week ( Mon.-Sun . ) this season was an .867 OPS , one of only two full weeks in which he OPS 'd under 1.000. pic.twitter.com/aESSfavg2Z — Ted Berg ( @ OGTedBerg ) August 14 , 2017
Trout 's Angels , meanwhile , will enter play Tuesday riding a six-game winning streak that has moved them into an AL Wild Card spot . So with the club in contention and Trout remaining Trout , a new debate arises : Is Mike Trout good enough to earn the MVP award even after missing more than a quarter of the season with injury ?
Heck yeah he is .
Despite missing 45 games this season — six with a hamstring issue , 39 due to wrist surgery — Trout ranks fourth among AL position players in baseball-reference 's version of WAR and third in Fangraphs ' ranking . If he can stay healthy and maintain that pace for the remainder of the season , there 's some chance he 'll catch MLB leader Jose Altuve on one or both of those lists . Whether or not you put any stock in that stat , understand that it 's totally nuts for a player to miss nearly 28 % of his team 's games and still lead the Majors in practically any counting stat .
Even if Trout does get there , it does n't necessarily mean he 'll take home the hardware : WAR , though likely the best holistic stat baseball has right now for comparing players , hardly dictates award voting , and it will be understandably difficult for voters to reward a player who missed so much time when Altuve 's also having an MVP-caliber season .
But that Trout will likely wind up in that conversation speaks to his insane value — not to mention the Angels ' surprise turn as a postseason contender . It may turn out that the only way to have a viable MVP race in any league in which Mike Trout 's playing is to have him sit out for a quarter of the season . And that 's not a knock on Altuve , or any of the American League 's other great players . Trout is just way better than everyone else in the game right now .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Markets outlook : the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Fifteen seconds into his first shift and 1:50 into his first NHL game , here came 18-year-old Filip Chytil across the line on left side with the puck on his stick , Mats Zuccarello on his right , and one Avalanche defenseman back … and going down .
“ Fifty-fifty to pass or shoot , ” Chytil told The Post after Friday 's practice and before the flight to Toronto in advance of Saturday 's match against the Maple Leafs . “ On my first shift , maybe I should have tried a shot , I wanted to score a goal on my first shift , that would have been the best feeling , but Mats was open and I made the pass . ”
The pass , though , was tipped into the crowd by a kneeling Chris Bigras , and with it went Chytil 's best and only opportunity of the Blueshirts ' 4-2 opening defeat to the Avalanche in which the youngest player to skate for the Rangers since the end of World War II got 11 shifts worth 7:40 of ice time .
see also Improvement from two young Rangers could be vital PHILADELPHIA — It 's the intrigue of the unknown that makes ...
“ I think if he makes that first play and it clicks , the rest of the game flows a little better , ” coach Alain Vigneault said . “ Before the game we had shown the team that exact same clip where on two-on-ones they like to go down and slide , so there was an opportunity for an early saucer pass or take it to the net .
“ One or the other , shoot or make the play . It 's certainly easier in retrospect . ”
Vigneault said he 's considering mixing Chytil into the penalty-killing unit after some more practice work in order to take advantage of his skating and to increase his ice time .
“ Playing that first game was a big experience and a good experience , ” Chytil said . “ It would have been better to win , I would have enjoyed it more , but playing in the NHL was the dream of my childhood .
“ I expected the game to be fast but maybe it was faster than I expected . I was watching our centers to try and see what I could learn about playing in the best league and against the best players in the world .
“ I 'm going to be ready the next game and I 'm going to be better , ” he said . “ I want to get better with every game . ”
Vigneault was generally pleased with the performance of the Marc-Staal-Anthony DeAngelo third pair that got the assignment as the second penalty-kill tandem .
I thought they were good , ” the coach said . “ I thought Marc Staal , in his role on this team , he was physical , his gap was good and he used his partner when available .
Anthony , I saw some real positive things , but I also saw some areas . Saw some other areas to work on . He needs to be tighter when we do n't have the puck , but I also need him to be confident in his instincts and to jump up when it 's time and not back off in those situations .
see also Where revamped Rangers failed in opener Maybe the preseason schedule , in which the Rangers packed six ...
“ It was his first game with his new team and I 'm sure he had some [ butterflies ] . He 'll be better . ”
DeAngelo , who played 16:22 , said he thought he played , “ well for the most part but I know I can be better in certain situations defending in our end and when we do n't have the puck . ”
Staal , who played primarily with Nick Holden a year ago after spending the previous two seasons with Dan Boyle and Kevin Klein after having previously partnered with Anton Stralman and before that , Dan Girardi , said that he and DeAngelo are developing “ pretty good chemistry . ”
“ He 's very talented , ” Staal said . “ He 's smart , he 's eyes-up , we 're talking a lot during practice and between shifts , and I 'm looking to be physical and strong on my one-on-ones , so we 'll keep working on it .
The Blueshirts , who face the Canadiens at home on Sunday , have not opened 0-2 since 2012-13 , have not lost first three since an 0-4 getaway in 1998-99 and have not gone winless in their first three since 2011-12 ( 0-1-2 ) .
Stay Tuned ...
Stay up to date with the latest political news and commentary from Oregon Catalyst through daily email updates :
Enter your email address :
Prefer another subscription option ? Subscribe to our RSS Feed , become a fan on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter .
No Thanks ( close this box )
The saga involving Nigeria Immigration , Nigeria Police Force and the Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District , Sen. Dino Melaye have taken a bad turn this week and it has ended up with the hospitalization of the senator . The senate has been trending in recent time since the Mace was carted away by hoodlums believed to be loyal to Sen. Omo-Agege .
It was gathered and confirmed by TVC News platform , Journalist Hangout that Melaye jumped out of police hilux vehicle conveying him to Kogi State to answer for the crimes which he has been alleged to have committed .
However , the former Aviation Minister , Mr. Femi Fani-Kayode has finally spoken on the incessant molestation of Sen. Dino via a tweet on his handle and accused President Buhari of witch-hunting his friends ( Dino Melaye ) who opposes him .
See what he wrote below and people 's reactions .
Neighbors heard gunfire along this normally quiet Sherman street on Sunday night . ( KTEN )
SHERMAN , Texas -- The sound of gunfire pierced the serenity of a Sherman neighborhood on Sunday evening .
`` I was reading a Christmas story to my kids and I heard six shots go off , '' Brandi McLain said , adding that the gunfire in the 400 block of North Woods Street sounded like it was right outside her front door .
`` My kids were scared .. they were hiding under their covers and stuff , '' she said .
Sherman police said they have identified a possible suspect , but so far have made no arrests .
`` The individual did flee from our officers , '' Assistant Chief Lt. Bob Fair said . `` When they tried to talk to him to see what was going on , he ran from them . We were unable to get him into custody to see exactly what took place . ''
Growing up in Sherman , McLain said this kind of thing never happens in her neighborhood .
`` We did n't have this going on when I was a kid , so it 's kind of saddening , '' she said . `` Around here we do n't have to lock down the house , we do n't worry about that . ''
Sherman police said they are continuing to investigate the incident .
`` At this time , we have no reports of anyone being shot or any property damage , '' Fair said .
McLain said she is just thankful the police department showed up as quickly as they did .
`` They were here within a couple of minutes , and I 'm more thankful for them than I have been in a long time , '' she said .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — A Minnesota business is under fire for its advertising from a nonprofit watchdog group .
The Better Business Bureau ( BBB ) of Minnesota and North Dakota is lowering the rating for Chaska-based MyPillow from a BBB rating to an F. The organization says the company violated its code of advertising after receiving complaints from consumers .
First , the BBB says MyPillow 's “ buy one , get one free ” discount has to be extended for a limited time , and could otherwise be construed as using the sale to mask the product 's regular price . The BBB says a “ substantial number ” of the 232 complaints filed against the company are regarding this confusion .
The group says it contacted MyPillow owner Mike Lindell about the confusion , who told them he would n't be able to stop the company 's “ buy one , get one free ” offer , but would look at making changes in 2017 . When pressed for more , the BBB says Lindell was not specific .
The BBB also says the “ as seen on TV ” claims are sometimes listed on MyPillow boxes when the content is n't the same as what 's seen on the ads . Furthermore , the BBB disputes MyPillow 's claim of offering a “ full warranty ” — customers need to pay a fee to return the pillow .
“ American Animals ” takes an appropriately wild approach to its subject , biting off a little more than it can chew , but nevertheless coming up with a truly novel entry in the overcrowded heist genre .
In his feature debut , director/writer Bart Layton chronicles the odd but true story of four young men who hatched an elaborate scheme to steal rare books from a Kentucky university in 2004 , the grand prize being John James Audubon 's enormous tome “ Birds of America . ”
Layton mixes truth and fiction with abandon , enlisting the real four men to chime in alongside the actors playing their younger selves . As ringleader Warren , the charismatic Evan Peters ( “ X-Men Apocalypse ” ) convinces his stoner artist buddy Spencer ( Barry Keoghan ) that a grand , no-one-gets-hurt robbery is just what they need to shake off the yoke of life 's encroaching normalcy .
Early on , the film 's tone is light , with the real Warren and Spencer questioning each other 's renditions of how it all went down . As they enlist more humorless pals Eric ( Jared Abrahamson ) and Chas ( Blake Jenner ) , though , the proceedings get increasingly dark .
By the time Warren 's squaring his shoulders to tase the rare-books librarian ( Ann Dowd , always a treat ) , “ American Animals ” has veered from sorta-true-crime quasi-comedy into a Scorsese-inflected look at the realities of attempting a theft of this magnitude .
Sweat , tears , vomit and rage replace the usual smooth stylings of a cinematic heist , and although this might not all tonally flow , it 's clear you 're watching a dazzling new directorial career taking flight .
Voters in Omaha , Nebraska , will pick a new mayor Tuesday in a local election that has become the epicenter of a divisive national Democratic fight over abortion .
The flareup started almost by accident , but has escalated through a series of heated comments and attempts at clarifying statements from Democratic leaders until it snowballed into an inquiry about whether the party should accommodate those who oppose abortion .
The issue was a hot topic among attendees at a fundraising gala last week in Washington , D.C. , for Emily 's List , which supports Democratic women who favor abortion rights . Some attendees felt passionately about the issue , while others said privately they felt the party had needlessly plunged into a tiff for no reason .
“ Republicans want us fighting amongst ourselves instead of organizing to beat them , ” Stephanie Schriock , the group 's president , said in her speech at the gala . “ And , from what I can tell , a lot of people in the Democratic party are happy to have that argument . ”
While it 's unclear if the row will have any long-term consequences , it underscores the difficulty the Democratic party has in speaking with one voice right now , despite its professed unity in battling the common enemy of President Donald Trump .
`` I think there is [ room ] for Democrats who do n't support abortion rights ] , but I think they would have to be very nuanced in how they talk about these issues , '' Illinois Sen. Tammy Duckworth said . `` The Democratic Party is a far bigger tent than the Republican Party is . And you will be given a fair choice to make your opinions heard . We have a full range of folks . But at the end of the day , it 's about respecting each individual 's rights , and that means you have to respect woman 's rights . ''
RELATED : The Democrats vs. Trump : Full coverage
The abortion debate touched on many of the party 's most sensitive spots , from the hard-fought 2016 presidential primary , to which kind of voters it should prioritize , and tradeoffs between focusing on economic or social issues .
Division over abortion , usually largely under the surface in the Democratic party , reared its head because of what amounts to a miscommunication .
Sanders speaks at a rally for Omaha Democratic mayoral candidate Heath Mello on April 20 in Omaha , Neb . Charlie Neibergall / AP file
It began when Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders wanted to add a stop to the Democratic National Committee 's recent unity tour with DNC chairman Tom Perez to support Omaha mayoral candidate Heath Mello . Sanders ' goal was to show Democrats can win in conservative states like Nebraska , and the state party chairwoman had asked for the help .
Aides looking into Mello were under the impression that he had a 100 % rating from the local chapter of Planned Parenthood , which his campaign publicly affirmed . The co-chair of Mello 's finance committee , Andy Holland , is a past chair of Planned Parenthood in Nebraska . And House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi contributed $ 1,000 to Mello 's campaign .
But it turned out , as Planned Parenthood later said in a statement , that impression was `` an inaccurate representation '' of Planned Parenthood 's rating . When Mello was in the state Legislature years earlier , he had voted for legislation favored by anti-abortion rights activists ( though the details of the key bill in question , regarding ultrasounds , were later disputed by Mello 's campaign ) .
Pro-abortion rights groups were furious that the DNC and Sanders backed Mello .
Omaha Democratic candidate for Mayor Heath Mello canvasses for votes on May 2 in Omaha , Neb . Charlie Neibergall / AP
“ The actions today by the DNC to embrace and support a candidate for office who will strip women — one of the most critical constituencies for the party — of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing , it is politically stupid , ” Illyse Hogue , the president of NARAL Pro-Choice America , said at the time .
The split was further inflamed by earlier interviews Sanders had given in which he seemed to brush aside concerns about Mello 's abortion record . And Sanders had been cooler on Jon Ossoff , the Democratic candidate in the high-profile special congressional election in Georgia , who supports abortion rights .
That led to accusations that Sanders had a blind spot on gender and that the DNC was willing to negotiate away abortion rights .
Sanders and the DNC scrambled to clean up the damage .
The Vermont senator put out a statement a few days later declaring his support for Ossoff .
Then Perez issued a statement that inadvertently ended up escalating the controversy .
“ Every Democrat , like every American , should support a woman 's right to make her own choices about her body and her health , ” the DNC chairman said . “ That is not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state ... we must speak up for this principle as loudly as ever and with one voice . ”
Many read Perez ' comments as an eviction notice to Democrats who oppose abortion rights .
Leah Gregory , of Lincoln , Neb. , right , waits for Sanders to arrive at a rally for Mello on April 20 in Omaha , Neb . Charlie Neibergall / AP file
Former Michigan Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak , who held up congressional action on the Affordable Care Act under President Barack Obama over concerns that it would fund abortions , told a conservative news outlet that Perez should “ take a hike ” and resign .
When NBC 's Chuck Todd asked Pelosi about Perez 's statement on “ Meet the Press '' last month , she said “ of course ” there was room in the party for Democrats who do n't support abortion rights — a statement seen as a rebuke of her party 's leader .
Then last week , Pelosi gave the controversy new life when she told the Washington Post that the abortion issue had faded in importance and suggested the party should n't enforce ideological purity on the issue . “ This is not a rubber-stamp party , ” Pelosi said .
That prompted a new rebuke from Hogue , the head of NARAL .
“ This absolutely has to stop . Democratic leadership is sending bad messages that will lead to poor outcomes both in policy and politics . There 's no excuse . Do much , much better Leader Pelosi , ” the NARAL president said .
It was n't over . A clarification came from Pelosi 's spokesperson .
`` In her conversation with the Washington Post today , Leader Pelosi discussed how the issue of abortion has 'faded ' as an issue that divides Democrats given that the vast majority of Democrats in Congress are staunchly pro-choice . House Democrats recognize , while there are differences in the closest of families about deeply held personal beliefs , legislating those beliefs onto others is a complete non-starter , ” said spokesperson Drew Hammill .
Plenty of leading Democrats , like former Vice President Joe Biden and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine , are personally opposed to abortion , but rarely got any blowback . That 's because they have vowed not to support government action to meaningfully restrict abortion rights .
“ Of course the Democratic Party has room for those who identify as personally opposed to abortion . It always has and always will , ” NARAL 's Hogue said .
“ However , the real question , ” she continued , “ and where we draw the line , is when candidates and elected leaders force their own ideology and religious values on their constituents and the women of this country . ”
Lise-Lotte Lublin was in her classroom at Walter Johnson Middle School in northwest Las Vegas when she got a call from her husband , telling her a jury in Pennsylvania found comedian Bill Cosby guilty of three counts of aggravated indecent assault . ( FOX5 )
Lise-Lotte Lublin was in her classroom at Walter Johnson Middle School in northwest Las Vegas when she got a call from her husband , telling her a jury in Pennsylvania found comedian Bill Cosby guilty of three counts of aggravated indecent assault .
`` I got the phone call from him , and he said 'it 's guilty , it 's guilty , ' and my first response is , 'are you kidding me ? '' Lublin explained . `` I just started shaking , my stomach was turning in knots . You 're elated , excited , scared . ''
Lublin experienced that mix of emotions , because she is one of the many women who have accused Cosby of sexual assault .
Lublin was a model in Las Vegas in 1989 when he agency called her , asking if she wanted to meet Cosby .
`` [ They ] said , 'Bill Cosby wants to meet you , ' and I said , 'Great ! That 's awesome ! '' Lublin recalled .
The then-23-year-old met with Cosby twice , and he offered to give her acting lessons . The second time he asked that she meet him in his suite at the Las Vegas Hilton , which is now the Westgate .
`` He walked over to the bar and fixed a shot of liquid . Brown liquid , '' Lublin recalled , saying Cosby wanted to do a improvisation exercise . `` He brought it to me and said , 'have this drink , it will help to relax you . ' And I had told him ' I do n't drink , ' and he said , 'this is just a little bit . ' ''
`` I took the drink and he went back to the bar and made a second one , '' Lublin continued . `` Within a few minutes , I remember starting to feel dizzy , I started getting woozy and I could hear him talking to me , explaining things , but I could n't understand the words he was saying . ''
Lublin said one of the last things she remembers is Cosby touching her hair and putting his legs near her arms . She woke up the next day back at her home , and said she thought she had a bad reaction to alcohol , since she was not a frequent drinker .
It was n't until 2014 , 25 years after her encounter with Cosby , that she said she realized what happened .
Her husband , Benjamin Lublin , had seen an interview with another Cosby accuser , model Janice Dickinson . In the interview , Dickinson said Cosby drugged her and sexually assaulted her .
`` When it started to sink in , I got so disgusted , '' Lublin said .
Lublin decided to go to the police , but officers told her there was nothing they could do . The statute of limitations for sexual assault was four years , meaning Cosby could n't be charged .
`` I was crushed . It felt like a ton of bricks fell onto my chest , '' Lublin recalled .
But Lublin was still able to get a day in court with Cosby . She was called as a witness in this case against the comedian and took the stand earlier this month .
`` Walking into the courtroom and knowing he was in there , I had no intimidation , '' she said . `` He had no more power , no control over me , no more power over me . ''
Lublin said Cosby 's conviction is a win for her and other accusers , but her and her husband 's work is n't done .
`` We accomplished a goal , and now there 's a new light at the end of the tunnel , '' she said with a smile .
Her and Benjamin were hoping to change the laws that kept her from bringing her own case against Cosby . During the 2019 legislative session , they are lobbying to extend the statute of limitations to bring civil charges for sexual assault from two years to 20 years .
`` No one should ever ever have to suffer what we had to hear and say that there is n't anything you can do about it , '' Lublin said .
Lise and Benjamin Lublin helped push laws through the legislature in 2015 to extend the statute of limitations for criminal sexual assault charges from four years to 20 years .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
LAKE CHARLES , LA ( CBS Local ) – A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer 's receipt .
The wing chain in Lake Charles is under fire after an employee reportedly wrote “ For Homeless F— ! Let sit and get gross , ” on a homeless man 's order on Memorial Day . Multiple workers were allegedly involved in the cruel act , with another person writing “ I love you ” under the server 's message .
Buffalo Wild Wings is giving a customer free wings for a year , a gift card , and donating a `` couple hundred wings '' to a local homeless shelter after a derogatory remark was found on a customer 's receipt . > > https : //t.co/J2nAquU1mc pic.twitter.com/QYastyj2ns — WAFB ( @ WAFB ) May 29 , 2018
When the homeless man saw his order ticket he shared his outrage with other customers in the restaurant , sparking one woman to confront the chain 's management . “ I was just really upset about it , like why would you do that , especially , and he said , ‘ You all know that I 'm homeless , I do n't have anywhere to live , ' and it just really upset me , ” Kailynn Weston said , via WAFB .
“ And I was like , ‘ That 's not okay , one , for someone to treat a customer like that , let alone a customer in his condition , ” the 26-year-old added .
Customers reportedly demanded that the employees involved face discipline . This was a request that Buffalo Wild Wings agreed with . “ It 's embarrassing for this gentleman and it 's very inhumane on the part of the employees , ” regional manager Ray Rhodes told reporters after announcing that the workers were fired . “ It 's not our culture and it 's not who we are . ”
Buffalo Wild Wings is also giving the homeless customer a year of free wings at their restaurants and presented him with a gift card to buy some new clothes with .
The restaurant chain also stepped up by donating several hundred wings to a local homeless outreach center . “ In 7 years that I 've been doing this we have never given out Wings . I think this is their new favorite ! ! ” Kelli Tidwell Stawecki of Water 's Edge Gathering Church wrote on Facebook .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
SUNRISE ( CBSMiami ) – Over two dozen people gathered with Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her second roundtable on gun safety since the Parkland school shooting .
The discussion was held at the Sunrise Police Department and included community activists , victims , and survivors of gun violence .
One of the most visible voices on the issue was there as well – Fred Guttenberg – whose daughter Jaime was killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on February 14th .
He says guns have to be part of the discussion if there is to be any meaningful change .
“ This for me is not partisan . This is life or death and if anybody wants to test that theory , all you need to do is invite me to any conversation on either side of this issue as long as you agree we will talk about guns because that 's the problem , ” said Guttenberg . “ The only discussion about guns and how to limit the casualties seems to involve me going to meetings on one side of the political aisle but I am desperate to go wherever I can to have this conversation to bring about rational , sane , common sense gun safety measures . ”
Guttenberg says he is leaving Friday to attend the March For Our Lives rally being held this weekend in Washington , D.C .
This past weekend there was a gun buy-back program where over 100 weapons were turned in . It 's seen as a start .
Congresswoman Wasserman Shultz says there are three big pieces of federal legislation she has continued to champion including a ban on assault weapons , high-capacity magazines , and closing background check loopholes .
There were a lot of arguments online after the “ Fearless Girl ” statue was erected in front of the Wall Street Bull . Many people thought it was a perfect representation of standing up to the male-dominated culture of the financial industry , while others felt like it was just another commercial effort to cash in on the popularity of public companies suddenly growing a conscience and adopting policies that appease “ social justice warriors ” ( also known as decent human beings ) .
Unfortunately , one of those arguments has been proven right .
According to the New York Post , the firm behind the statue that went up ostensibly to “ promote gender equality , ” State Street Corp , was caught underpaying 300 female employees , along with 15 more who were black .
After the company was audited by the Department of Labor 's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs , they promised they would come up with the money , but in the meantime , it just looks bad . The company settled for $ 5 million , an astounding amount , considering the relatively small number of affected employees .
How far will this faux-minism set women back ? None . Real feminists do n't require icons or court confirmation of oppression .
Twitter was similarly unimpressed :
Modern feminism sometimes suffers from a lack of explicit examples of sexism . Not today : Harvey Weinstein Fearless Girl birth control — Lauren Duca ( @ laurenduca ) October 6 , 2017
Reminder that the only thing `` Fearless Girl '' represents are the corporate interests of State Street Corp , a multi billion dollar firm https : //t.co/ADeiehQacB — TJ Welch ( @ tjwelchofficial ) October 6 , 2017
The fact that @ StateStreet who made the “ Fearless Girl ” statue is being sued for pay discrimination is so ironic it 's hard to believe — Bud Fox ( @ bbardi14 ) October 6 , 2017
It seems systematic abuse of women can be overlooked so long as you posture an enlightened liberal feminist . https : //t.co/aRuSJZwukG — Noah Rothman ( @ NoahCRothman ) October 6 , 2017
Unfortunately , the garbage people who lurk around Twitter specifically to harangue feminists and “ social justice warriors ” ( also known as decent human beings ) went crazy with the news , painting all feminism with the same broad strokes that can now be applied to this multi-billion-dollar company . Noted misogynist and all-around piece of shit James Woods chimed in , of course , although to pick up his subtle dig at feminism requires reading the replies to his tweet — which he was fishing for . A full complement of alt-right Trump trolls joined the party , and anti-feminists everywhere saw the hypocrisy and cynicism of this one company as emblematic of the whole :
The Fearless Girl statue is utterly moronic , but it exemplifies the feminist movement . A petulant child standing in the way of the market . — Ian Miles Cheong ( @ stillgray ) October 6 , 2017
Yet another example of the culture that brought you Donald Trump and the brazen theft of women 's labor by corporate oligarchs .
Feminism will be just fine without “ Fearless Girl , ” and the company that made her would be nothing without women .
Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images
The Rivers State Government has called on the Progressives Congress ( APC ) to stop its planned solidarity march for the Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad ( FSARS ) in the state .
A statement , yesterday , in Port Harcourt by the Rivers State Commissioner for Information and Communications , Barrister Emma Okah noted that some politicians were importing hostile politics and divisiveness into crime fighting and prevention , aimed at weakening efforts of the state government to ensure that the state was safe for all .
The commissioner said the media space was full of bitter stories , adding that the state government has continuously raised alarm over the criminal atrocities of some SARS operatives in Rivers State without the police high command taking concrete actions .
According to Okah , “ While these problems remain painfully unresolved , it will amount to extreme wickedness for anyone to applaud the same SARS through solidarity march , as if we have lost our humanity as a people ” .
“ Crime has no border and knows no political party , sex or religion and as often as there is harm to a society , the stakeholders should stand together and in one voice , confront the challenge ” , Okah added .
He stressed that while the growing allegations of killings , kidnappings , armed robberies and extortions made against SARS remain uninvestigated , it would be disheartening for anybody , including the APC to fraternise with SARS .
“ To do so will be the shame of Rivers State , and a demonstration of a diminished brotherhood among Rivers people ” , the statement noted .
While the state government will continue to support security agencies in the discharge of their duties in Rivers State , Okah said , “ It would be in the collective interest of the people of the state to stop politicising crime and deep-seated political hatred as the duty to protect the state rests on all . ”
Remarking that “ while government will come and go , the state will remain for all of us and future generations ” , the commissioner implored SARS to be friendly and inspire public trust in the police instead of being a source of fear , agony , pain and anguish for the people .
“ SARS should be our friends , inspire public trust in the police and not be our enemies or a source of fear , agony , pain and anguish in Rivers State , and as often as they torment Rivers people , nobody should play Pontius Pilate ” , Okah added .
Chris Oluoh
Sierra Leone Telegraph : 29 May 2018 :
MPs have yesterday Monday , 28th May 2018 , began debating the New Direction Plan put forward to parliamentarians by president Julius Maada Bio in his speech at the state opening of parliament on the 10th of May 2018 .
The president 's five-year plan for the development of Sierra Leone contains a plethora of initiatives and programmes , ranging from education , health , the economy , access to water and electricity , to anti-corruption and public sector reforms .
According to report from parliamentary press office , yesterday in parliament was an opportunity for the opposition parties , led by the People 's Congress ( APC ) to assess and comment on the president 's five-year plan . And the debate was lively and good spirited .
Speaker of Parliament – Dr. Abass Chernor Bundu clarified what he said is in the interest of national cohesion and development – that “ the APC established the Treasury Single Account ( TSA ) , and the SLPP Government is responsible for its vigorous implementation under the watch of President Bio ” .
He called on MPs to be factually accurate in debating the issues , especially as international development partners have great interest in the effective implementation of the TSA .
The leader of the opposition APC – Chernor R. M Bah informed the Speaker that he and the leader of government business – Mohamed Sidie Tunis , will keep a register of ministers and deputies that are witnessing the presidential debate , so as to gain first-hand knowledge of the issues raised by MPs during the course of the debate . Ministers and deputies , including professional heads and senior administrative staff of the public sector , were therefore encouraged to attend and on time .
MP Francis Amara Kai-Samba of the SLPP , thanked President Bio for what he described as the Speech he graciously delivered in Parliament as constitutionally required , explaining his policies and programmes as contained in the “ New Direction ” .
Speaking on what he referred to as the bleak economy inherited by the government of President Bio , Francis Amara Kai-Samba referred to corrective measures that have so far been initiated by the Bio led government to tackle the economic malaise , such as the operationalization of the Treasury Single Account , the ban on timber exports and tax exemptions , and the payment of salaries , without recourse to bank overdrafts .
He applauded President Bio for breaking up the Education Ministry into various ministries and criticised the APC regime for failing to recruit qualified teachers and following “ ghost teachers ” throughout . He also applauded President Bio for boosting the morale of teachers who had taught for ten years and above , in respect of enabling their siblings to access free university education , opening access to Government 's Grants-in-Aid and Student 's Loan Scheme .
On health , Francis Amara Kai-Samba called for an inquiry into the handling of Ambulances purchased during the Ebola epidemic , and decried the poor management of the FHCI , resulting in a lot of maternal deaths .
He criticized the APC 's much trumpeted road construction projects , which he referred to as bloated contracts without quality and value for money . He also reminded the government of President Bio to construct the roads in Kenema , which were neglected by APC because they are in the stronghold of SLPP .
He spoke about the need for improved and sustainable energy supply , coupled with strengthening the decentralization and devolution process , and the need for tackling water crisis , through an integrated management system .
APC MP – Abdul Kargbo said that the APC is committed to promoting the ideals of Sierra Leone and promised that they would bounce back to power after five years , whilst speaking on partnership in governance .
Kargbo referred to president Bio 's speech as an attempt to demoralize former President Koroma and the reputation of the APC . Speaking about debts distress and sustainability , from the perspective of the IMF , he also said that “ the debts incurred by the past regime were widely used for development , citing the construction of the Matotoka-Sefadu Road ” .
On revenue mobilization , he praised “ former President Koroma for setting the infrastructure that has seen the operation of the Treasury Single Account ” , and denied the APC using bank overdrafts to pay salaries , in spite of Ebola and the drop in Iron Ore prices in 2014 .
He criticised the “ New Direction ” which he said aims “ to promote primary and secondary education , with the view of strangulating tertiary education ” , that is critically important for the development of the country .
MP Abdul Karim Kamara of the APC decried the president 's speech for “ not capturing the atrocious activities after the conduct of the general elections , saying that our democracy is under attack ” . Speaking about education , he called for SSS4 to be retained as a means of compensating for a lost term and other activities in the academic calendar , whilst speaking on youth empowerment .
On economic diversification , he called on government to “ provide energy and food for ordinary Sierra Leoneans ” .
MP Charles Osman Abdulai of SLPP criticised the inflated costs and quality of roads constructed by the former APC government . Speaking about the iron ore boom of 2013 , he blamed the APC “ for not making hay when the sun shines ” , but instead engaged in excessive overseas travelling .
He described President Bio as a “ realist ” who inherited a bad economy characterized by huge internal and external debts , whilst referencing corrective measures such as discipline , professionalism and delivery .
On economic diversification , Charles Osman Abdulai spoke on the need for improving agricultural productivity , which according to him was hugely neglected by the APC , through ineffective tractorisation .
Adding his voice to the debate , MP Saa Paul Sam of the C4C , commended President Bio for his initiatives under the “ New Direction ” and promised to work with him , with the aim of achieving his objectives .
In the area of agriculture , he lauded the past government for creating good policies but which he said , did not yield good dividends for the people of Kono ; instead mining was the main livelihood of the people .
He called on the new Ministers of Education to recruit qualified teachers for the successful implementation of President Bio 's free education initiative .
After several other MPs had contributed to the debate the session was brought to a close and adjourned to today , Tuesday , 29 May 2018 .
Share this : Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
In March , Audible Inc. moved from the aural space into the physical New York theater world when it sponsored a run of “ Harry Clarke ” at the Minetta Lane Theater . Now , the audiobook company is formalizing its relationship with the theater : It struck a deal to produce plays , comedic shows , panel discussions and more there , starting with a solo show from Carey Mulligan in June .
The deal represents the next step in Audible 's move toward live performance . The company resurrected David Cale 's “ Harry Clarke , ” which closed at the Vineyard Theater in December and received a New York Times Critic 's Pick , for a secondary run . And last month , Audible announced a production of Dennis Kelly 's “ Girls & Boys , ” which will star Ms. Mulligan and arrive at the Minetta in previews on June 12 .
Now , a new collection of performances will be staged across various genres . The first announced event is on June 25 , when Lance Bass and Nikki Levy will host “ The Path to Pride , ” a storytelling event with personal readings from members of the L.G.B.T . community . The performance is inspired by an audiobook special from Mr. Bass and Ms. Levy that will arrive on Audible on June 1 .
Audible hopes the deal with the theater will not only sell tickets but also boost its audio subscriber base . Billy Crudup 's performance of “ Harry Clarke ” at the Minetta is now an audiobook , and future performances — including Ms. Mulligan 's — will also be turned into downloadable presentations . And subscribers will receive exclusive access to discounted tickets and additional audio content .
Bally 's Las Vegas , located in the heart of the world-renowned Las Vegas Strip , announced the completion of a $ 125 million renovation project in the resort 's new tower .
A total of 2,052 rooms were upgraded within the past four years . The rooms and suites feature neutral , dark wood tones and striking pops of red throughout decorative accents and fashionable wall coverings , with various geometric patterns that create a contemporary feel . Additional highlights of the new rooms include USB charging stations , chic lounge furniture and bathrooms with spacious glass-enclosed showers , according to a Caesars Entertainment media release .
“ Conveniently located at the center of the Las Vegas Strip , Bally 's welcomes a wide variety of guests from business to leisure travelers , ” says David Hoenemeyer , regional president of Bally 's Las Vegas . “ We are committed to providing the best experience for our guests , and design-savvy rooms are a key component of elevating their stay . ”
The majority of the former furnishings of the rooms were donated to Habitat for Humanity Las Vegas , hurricane relief efforts in Houston , Texas , and other non-profit agencies as a part of Caesars Entertainment 's Code Green Initiative , a release said . The donation was valued at more than $ 1.1 million .
Design highlights of the renovated guest rooms and suites include the following :
Resort Room : Measuring more than 440 square feet , the new Resort Room offers one king or two queen pillowtop beds , chocolate brown lounge furniture and a 55-inch flat-screen TV . Additional amenities include an upgraded bathroom with a backlit mirror and rain shower .
Resort Studio Suite : The new 590-square-foot Resort Studio Suite features one king or two queen pillowtop beds , a wet bar and an additional sitting area . Guests can also enjoy a 55-inch flat-screen TV and an upgraded bathroom .
Resort Executive Suite : Measuring 650 square feet , the new Resort Executive suite includes one king pillowtop bed , a comfortable living area and a 65-inch flat-screen TV . Guests can relax in this suite 's unique soaking tub located in the middle of the room , just a few steps away from the bed . The redesigned bathroom also features a free-standing shower and two vanities with sinks .
Resort Premium Suite : The new one-bedroom , 1,500-square-foot Resort Premium Suite features one king pillowtop bed , a unique soaking tub in the room , an upgraded bathroom and a 65-inch flat-screen TV . Perfect for entertaining , the separate living room offers a second 65-inch flat-screen TV , ample lounge seating , a six-seat dining table and a large wet bar with seating around an additional 55-inch flat-screen TV .
Resort Presidential Suite : The focal points of the new two-story Resort Presidential Suite are the towering staircase leading to a balcony and secluded bedroom and the floor-to-ceiling windows . The 890-square-foot , one-bedroom suite includes a wet bar , a dining area and a living room on the first floor , along with the option to upgrade to up to four bedrooms .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Out-of-favour defender Coll Donaldson is set to quit Dundee United for Polish football .
A report from Eastern Europe today has the 21-year-old on the verge of joining fairytale outfit Bruk-Bet Termalica Nieciecza in a deal that could net the Tangerines £50,000 .
Nieciecza are currently riding high in Poland 's top flight .
Donaldson has been training with them for the past two days .
The former Livingston kid was signed from QPR by Jackie McNamara during the 2015 pre-season and went on to make 22 appearances as the Tangerines were relegated .
This term he 's been picked on 18 occasions but has largely been back-up to the central defensive pair William Edjenguele and Mark Durnan .
Notably , when Edjenguele was suspended for last Saturday 's defeat at Falkirk , Lewis Toshney took over from him and Donaldson did not even make the bench .
Now it looks like the defender has played his last game for United and , with the transfer window in Poland still open , he can move there .
If he does , he will be joining the surprise packages of the Polish game .
From a village with a population of well under 1,000 , they are the smallest club in any of the world 's major top leagues .
But backed by a construction company , they have spent big money in recent years and been in the Ekstraklasa for the past two seasons . They are sitting comfortably in the top half of the table .
Looking to strengthen their squad , they 've also been linked with Mladen Bartulovic , a 30-year-old Croatian defender who was previously with Ukranians Dnipro .
The report suggests both players will be in Poland this week .
Marie Osmond is taking her axed talk show , “ Marie , ” to Reelz Channel . “ Marie , ” which premiered in October 2012 , lasted just one season on Hallmark Channel after failing to lure viewers ....
Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus has infected 10 southeastern Manitoba hog operations since April 29 and producers of the estimated 45 other operations within five kilometres of those barns are on high alert .
Dr. Glen Duizer of the Manitoba chief veterinary office said June 2 that six infected farms , two of them farrow operations and four that are finishers , are in the area that had a PED outbreak last year .
Three other infected operations comprising two farrows and one finisher , are in a second area that experienced outbreaks in both 2014 and 2016 .
The 10th case is outside both those areas but had contact via animal movement with the second infected area , he said .
“ All of the infected sites are under biocontainment and control procedures . They are at various stages of cleanup and moving forward with taking infected animals off those sites , ” said Duizer .
“ In the cases of the finisher operations , the vast majority of those animals are being moved to the U.S. for slaughter to avoid contaminating our packing plants here in Manitoba . ”
Cull sows from farrowing operations are also being moved directly to U.S. packing plants and are not going through Manitoba assembly yards .
Investigations on how the virus arrived or reoccurred and how it was spread from farm to farm are ongoing . Duizer said staff movement , animal transport and load out facilities are all risk areas , as are service providers that visit various farms .
Provincial veterinary officials met with producers from the first affected area about two weeks ago , he added , and talked about maintaining animal movement and commerce while limiting contact between hog operations and continuing weekly surveillance measures .
ADVERTISMENT
Duizer said it will be weeks or months before affected barns can be cleaned and rid of the virus , which is usually fatal to young piglets and reduces productivity among older animals .
The virus is shed in manure and can travel on various surfaces such as clothing , vehicle tires and livestock trailers . It is easily spread and difficult to contain .
The latest cases bring the total number of PED infected farms this year in Manitoba to 18 . Last year the province had five affected premises .
Saskatchewan , Alberta and British Columbia have so far remained free of PED but it has affected Ont-ario and Quebec operations as well as one farm in Prince Edward Island . Ontario has had three cases of PED-infected barns so far this year .
Mark Fynn , Manitoba Pork 's manager of quality assurance and animal care , emphasized the need for strict biosecurity on hog operations to minimize PED spread .
He suggested that producers think of everything outside their operations as being covered in red paint , a metaphor for the PED virus .
“ If you picture everything covered in red paint , your objective is to keep as little of that red paint from coming into your controlled access zone , your driveway and yard , and you especially do n't want any of that red paint getting into your barn , ” said Fynn , during a conference call organized by Alberta Pork .
The biggest risk of spread is live pig movement , so insistence on trailers being degreased , disinfected and dried is vital .
ADVERTISMENT
Fynn also suggested that farms control access to their yards , with separate and more stringent controls for access to barns .
“ We 've seen a lot of scary practices or have heard of a lot of scary practices happening on our negative farms that have been in diseased areas , ” he said .
Employees should maintain shower-in and shower-out protocols between barns , keep separate clothing and footwear for barn use and be strict about the Danish entry system of entering and exiting .
“ You really have to focus on further enhancing those biosecurity practices . ”
Trailers should be cleaned and dried between every load , even if they are going from farm to processor and back to the same farm .
Manitoba Pork has suggested that hydrated lime be applied to tires at farm access points . Though many farms now have disinfectant pumps at their entrances , Fynn said even the best disinfectant requires five minutes of contact to be effective and usually that time is not allowed by people driving in and out .
Lime is thus an option although it must be handled with care .
He also suggested separate entries for dead stock removal and manure collection and spreading .
ADVERTISMENT
“ No one 's ever said that biosecurity is convenient , and I 've even heard that it 's not biosecurity unless it 's inconvenient . But these are important things because what 's more inconvenient is having a bunch of your pigs break with diarrhea and having to cleanup a site and deal with all the repercussions of that , ” said Fynn .
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:57 CMPD video : Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:36 Former Gov . McCrory chased down D.C. alley by people shouting 'Shame ! ''
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
SAN DIEGO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - Premier Documents has announced their intentions to begin providing clients with assistance in filing their United States citizenship applications . The applications can be an arduous and complicated process ; Premier Documents is looking to remove the pain from the process by taking the technical aspects of the application out of their client 's hands .
CEO and founder Ryan McAweeney released a statement shortly after the announcement , `` Here at Premier Documents we are always looking for ways to help our existing and future clients . We have noticed increased demand for help in filing citizenship applications , and have decided to expand our expertise into this highly specialized area . Citizenship applications can be extremely tedious and complicated , especially for those whose first language is not English . Our staff will ensure that you application goes smoothly and does not suffer any lengthy delays due to incorrect filing '' .
The company , which was founded in 2016 , has been assisting their clients with a range of different documentation preparation needs since its inception . It currently provides services for visa applications , green card applications , wills , testimonies , divorces , as well as a host of other document requirements . The company provides for both personal and business clientele .
The firm 's CEO , Ryan McAweeney is the same entrepreneur that started Vertical Direct Marketing Group ( VDMG ) back in 2007 . His success as an executive saw the company turned into a multi-million dollar enterprise by 2013 . McAweeney spoke earlier on his desire to bring that same success to his new venture , `` At VDMG we had a long-standing policy of excellence that resulted in extremely high customer satisfaction records . Premier Documents is attempting to bring that same attitude to the document preparation industry ; it is pertinent in an industry like this to provide perfect outcomes as the consequences of poor performance can delay a client 's paperwork process . We feel if we continue to provide customers with excellent outcomes , we will become the most trusted name in the industry '' .
Premier Documents : Success in Unlikely Places
When Ryan McAweeney founded Premier Documents in early 2016 he was stepping into unchartered territory ; the San Diego based marketing executive had little experience in the complex world of the United States document preparation . But almost a year later , the firm has expanded into a major player in the world of document preparation , and McAweeney places the credit on one thing : ' a culture of excellence ' .
McAweeney recently commented on the matter , `` One of the lessons I learned from running a multi-million dollar advertising agency was that the most effective thing you can do is promote a culture of excellence within your firm . Doing so pushes individuals working for you to understand the real benefits of striving to do their best for their clients . This workplace culture could n't be more important in the world of document preparation ; a small mistake can lead to lengthy setbacks for our clients and could result in potentially damaging effects . Because of this , I knew that striving for excellence and perfection in everything we do would be the most vital part of being successful in this industry . ''
Maintaining a 'culture of excellence ' in a large firm is no easy feat , but McAweeney is correct in saying that it is necessary in the documentation preparation industry . Many clients are non-native speakers who are completely reliant on Premier Document 's ability to avoid delays . Services that Premier Documents handles are often time sensitive and therefore require the utmost care .
At present , the firm offers services for both personal and business clientele . Premier documents can assist you with documents ranging from green card applications and divorces , to business incorporation . The firm is committed to aiding clients with as many document preparation services as possible . This commitment to covering a broad range of documentation was initiated when the firm started , `` Premier Documents is aiming to provide its clients with easily accessible assistance on as many government document processes as possible . We understand the stress that can come with having to file an application or document with the United States Government ; we 're here to alleviate some of that stress . We are committed to covering as many different types of documentation as we possibly can in order to ensure we are your one-stop-shop for document preparation , '' stated McAweeney at the time of the company 's launch .
Ryan McAweeney is the same entrepreneur that founded Vertical Direct Marketing Group ( VDMG ) back in 2007 . The firm would proceed to grow into a multi-million dollar company over the next six years ; INC. reported its annual revenue to be over $ 3m in 2013 . Although McAweeney did not have previous experience with documentation companies , he decided to take a back seat at VDMG in 2016 in order to pursue his new project .
If you or anyone you know would like additional information on how Premier Documents may be able to help you with your citizenship application , please head to their URL at : https : //premierdocprep.com/
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads , investigators confessed Friday they still do n't know what drove him to mass murder , and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public 's help .
In their effort to find any hint of his motive , investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting , scrutinizing cruises he took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room , a federal official said .
So far , examinations of Paddock 's politics , finances , any possible radicalization and his social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little .
“ We still do not have a clear motive or reason why , ” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said . “ We have looked at literally everything . ”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI .
“ If you know something , say something , ” said Aaron Rouse , agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office . “ We will not stop until we have the truth . ”
Paddock , a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler , rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite , killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life .
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and do n't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting , but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand .
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information , a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said . The official was n't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity .
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years , most of them with his girlfriend , Marilou Danley . At least one sailed to the Middle East .
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting . In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks , killers left notes , social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police .
“ The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional , ” said Erroll Southers , director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California . “ We 're so used to , in the first 24 to 48 hours , being able to review social media posts . If they do n't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind , and we 're not seeing that , that 's what 's making this longer . ”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously .
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival , stockpiled 23 guns , a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon , and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers .
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites , he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September , according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter 's firing accuracy in the dark , a law enforcement official told AP . It was n't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre .
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show , a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity .
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night . But they can also give away the shooter 's position .
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort , but bullets were n't visible in the night sky .
Investigators are looking into Paddock 's mental health and any medications he was on , McMahill said .
His girlfriend , Danley , told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent , the federal official said .
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack , and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas , she said in a statement .
Associated Press writers Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas ; Brian Melley in Los Angeles ; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix ; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations , students said Monday .
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday , sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland , Florida .
“ It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we 're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter , ” Alex Wind , a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , told The Associated Press .
“ We 're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting , ” he added .
Since the massacre , Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools .
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida 's capital , Tallahassee . Last Wednesday , tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety . Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York , including NBC 's “ Today ” show and “ CBS This Morning . ”
The National Rifle Association did n't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches . The group has said any effort to prevent future school shootings needs to “ keep guns out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves or others , while protecting the rights of law-abiding Americans . ”
Amid the wave of activism , Florida passed a law curbing young peoples ' access to rifles ; the NRA has sued to try to block it . Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21 .
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations . President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off , citing a lack of political support .
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers , while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study .
A petition associated with Saturday 's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines , as well as tightening background checks .
The suspect in the Parkland shooting , 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz , used an AR-15 assault-style rifle , according to authorities . His lawyer has said he will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence , rather than possibly facing the death penalty .
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation , though the recommendation was never acted upon . Such a commitment would have made it more difficult , if not impossible , for Cruz to get a gun legally .
Beyond making a statement , Saturday 's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote .
But the students insist their aim is n't partisan : “ We 're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country , ” Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP .
As soon-to-be voters , the students say they 're here to stay in the public debate .
“ We are not just a presence on Twitter . We are not just some social media fad . We 're not like Tide Pods , ” Deitsch said , referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them .
“ We 're trying to push this idea that we have a voice , that people can speak out , and that that voice should be heard , ” Deitsch said .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This video of two HGVs getting stuck in Melbury Abbas was filmed on 13 April 2017
A parish council has withdrawn its legal bid to stop lorries using a narrow road through a Dorset village .
Melbury Abbas and Cann Parish Council had raised funds to challenge a one-way route for HGVs through Melbury Abbas .
Dorset County Council agreed the advisory one-way system in response to problems on the C13 road including landslips and lorries becoming wedged .
The parish council said it had withdrawn its application for a judicial review due to legal costs .
It had initially hoped the High Court action would force the county council to introduce a 7.5-tonne weight limit for the road .
Chairman William Kenealy said : `` Due to constraints on the parish council 's budget , the parish council has decided that the most prudent course is not to pursue the matter further through the courts . ''
Sign solution
The county council 's advisory route for HGVs encourages lorry drivers to use the A350 northbound and the C13 southbound at Melbury Abbas .
The C13 runs parallel with the A350 between Shaftesbury and Blandford and is used by lorries travelling between the M4 and Poole port .
Vehicle-activated signs will be installed in the village , advising HGV drivers to wait at a pull-in point when there is another lorry in the narrow section .
County councillor Daryl Turner said : `` Our decision on the routing options along the A350 and C13 was sound .
`` We will now continue with our traffic management proposals through Melbury Abbas . ''
Dorset County Council is campaigning alongside Wiltshire Council and Bath and North East Somerset Council for a long-term route between the M4 and Poole .
The four-page letter , which was written under the direction of Republican Rep. Devin Nunes , states that top officials of the FBI and the Justice Department approved measures to surveil Carter Page , a former foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign , while relying on information from British MI6 intelligence official Christopher Steele — the man behind the Trump-Russia dossier .
Although The Memo was heavily anticipated among many on the right , Democrats and security officials have long called it a selective and politicized look at intelligence reports that should n't be released .
See one of the most hotly anticipated productions of The Royal Opera 's 2017 Season at The Maltings in Berwick on Wednesday , June 28 .
Internationally renowned tenor Jonas Kaufmann makes his role debut in the Royal Opera 's newest production of Verdi 's final , tragic masterpiece , Otello .
The vision of Olivier Award winning director Keith Warner , the production focuses on the opposition of light and dark , good and evil .
Exploring the mental collapse of Otello - urged on by Iago , Italian baritone Marco Vratogna - we see Otello believe that Desdemona , the Italian soprano Maria Agresta , has betrayed him .
A psychological drama , the characters explore themes of trust and insecurity fuelled by Iago 's lies – enemies become allies and friends become foes is this dark drama .
Musically Verdi draws upon Shakespeare 's harrowing text to create a score that carries heart-thumping intensity and the results are thrilling : from the violent storm that opens the opera to Iago 's blood-chilling Credo and Otello 's increasingly desperate duets with Desdemona .
Sung in Italian with English subtitles . Performance starts at 7.15pm . Tickets £16.75 from www.maltingsberwick.co.uk .
Mohanlal continues to amaze his fans and followers with his young , energetic and charming look , which he attained after a 50-day long intense training . His dedication and hard work have been the key points of discussion , ever since Mohanlal stunned the audiences with his new avatar .
His fans and the entire Malayalam film audiences are indeed happy with the all-new look of Mohanlal and many have even compared it to Mohanlal 's look of the 80s and the 90s , when he played the roles of charming youngster .
Once again , Mohanlal has owned the internet with a fresh set of pictures , which is ruling the social media circuits for all the good reasons . Keep scrolling down to know more ...
Mohanlal – As Young As Ever A fresh set of pictures of Mohanlal have been doing the rounds on social media . Well , we simply ca n't take the eyes off from these pictures , which has our Lalettan sporting one of the best looks of the recent times . Mohanlal In Kannur Mohanlal was recently in Kannur , where he visited the territorial army battalion . Reportedly , Mohanlal also attended the 15 years of celebration of All Kerala Mohanlal Fans Club Welfare Association , organised by the Kannur District Committee . At The Volleyball Match .. Meanwhile , the actor had also attended a friendly Volleyball match held between Territorial Army Team and Press Club Team . Mohanlal did impress one and all with his amazing performance at the match . To Rejoin The Shoot ... Meanwhile , Mohanlal did take a short break from the shoot of his upcoming film with Ajoy Varma , titled as Neerali . The actor will soon rejoin the shoot , which is being held in Mumbai . Kayamkulam Kochunni According to the latest reports that have come in , after the completion of the shoot of Neerali , Mohanlal will next join the filming of Kayamkulam Kochunni , which will have the actor in a special appearance playing the character of Ithikkara Pakki .
Photos Courtesy : Facebook
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment ,
Las Vegas police responded to a shooting in the north Las Vegas Valley before 5 p.m. Saturday afternoon .
The shooting happened at Clifford Street and Geist Avenue , near North Pecos Road and North Las Vegas Boulevard . Police said a man in his late 30s or early 40s was found with a gunshot wound and taken to University Medical Center Trauma .
The victim 's injuries did not appear to be life threatening , Lt. Butler said . Police were still investigating the scene .
The shooting occurred near a fatal stabbing that took place late Friday night .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Thanks to everyone who forwarded copies of Mary Moore 's recipes for lemon squares , as requested by E.I. , Gerald , Sask .
Also thanks to I.C. , Moose Jaw , Sask. , for sending us a copy of The Mary Moore Cookbook , along with newspaper clippings about Moore 's work and death .
These clippings tell of the popularity of her food column , which explains why many of you saved her recipes .
Her writing started in 1928 with a freelance column in the Edmonton Journal where she was asked to submit food stories to accompany a St. Patrick 's Day supplement . It continued until her death 50 years later . At the peak of her career she wrote a weekly food column for 22 daily newspapers , including the Regina Leader Post .
In l978 Moore found time to put her recipes into a book to commemorate her 50 years of newspaper work . There was an overwhelming response to her cookbook .
“ Her modesty led her to underestimate that it would be the best seller , ” wrote a Leader Post writer on June 3 , 1978 .
“ The first 5,000 copies she first had printed were spoken for in a matter of days . Many thousands of orders poured in before publication . Because of the response , the promptness with which she intended the cookbooks to be mailed to her readers will not be possible . ”
She planned to do the mailing herself , with the help of a secretary . However , she died in Hamilton , Ont. , on May 22 , l978 of a stroke at the age of 75 .
Her daughter and son , with an expanded staff , filled the orders . She never retired and her last columns reached the newspapers after her death and were printed until June 30 of that year .
Her cookbook features two recipes for lemon squares that differ in taste , ingredients and method .
Lemon squares
Base :
2 cups unsifted 500 mL
all-purpose flour
1Ú2 cup unsifted icing sugar 125 mL
1Ú2 teaspoon salt 2 mL
1 cup butter or margarine 250 mL
( room temperature )
Filling :
4 large eggs 4
13Ú4 cups granulated sugar 425 mL
1Ú3 cup lemon juice 75 mL
1Ú3 cup all-purpose flour 75 mL
1Ú2 tsp . baking powder 2 mL
ADVERTISMENT
To make the base , stir together flour , icing sugar and salt . Cream in margarine until mixture blends into a pliable dough that looks like shortbread . Pat evenly by hand into the bottom of a buttered 9 x 13 inch ( 22 x 33 cm ) pan . Bake at 350 F ( 180 C ) for 11 minutes .
Meanwhile , prepare filling by beating together all filling ingredients until smooth , scraping downsides of bowl once or twice . Mix well . Pour over hot base . Return to oven immediately and bake at 350 F ( 180 C ) about 25 minutes , until pale gold .
During last five minutes put cookie sheet below baking pan to be sure bottom does not burn . Remove from oven and let cool in pan on cake rack . Cut into squares .
Store in tightly covered container .
Quick lemon squares
Pie fillings today are different than in the 1970s . Many have the sugar already added . I have changed the filling part of the recipe for this reason . I found this square a bit crumbly , so it is best served on a plate .
Filling :
1 lemon pie filling , 1
pie size
Crumb mixture :
13Ú4 cups fine soda 425 mL
cracker crumbs
1Ú2 cup brown sugar 125 mL
3Ú4 cup all-purpose flour 175 mL
11Ú2 cups coconut 375 mL
( desiccated , strip or flake )
1 cup margarine or butter 250 mL
Make filling as directed on the package . Cool , stirring once or twice .
Meanwhile , mix together all crumb ingredients using pastry blender or your fingertips . Pat 2Ú3 of mixture into a 9 x 13 inch ( 22 x 33 cm ) ungreased pan and smoothen . Cover evenly with cold lemon filling . Sprinkle all remaining crumbs over top to cover . Pat them down gently .
Bake at 350 F ( 180 C ) about 20 to 25 minutes or until tinged with gold top and bottom . Chill before cutting into squares .
Mother 's recipes
Dear TEAM : Recently a neighbor gave me a grocery bag full of Western Producers . We 're both old farmers at heart .
In your column there was a request for green tomato conserve . The recipe given to her reminded me of my mother 's , also from the 1930s . My mother called hers green tomato mincemeat . We had apple and crabapple trees , so it was always made with apples . The recipe made a large quantity , but that was no problem because it was so delicious , it disappeared fast . – P. S. , Rosetown , Sask .
Thanks P. S. for your recipe . It is apple and tomato season , so some of you might like to make this mincemeat . In the 1930s , a large-quantity recipe was important to fill the appetites of growing and hungry families . We now have many more food choices and probably a small batch would be more to our liking . Therefore , I have changed this recipe into a smaller size , to meet today 's needs . The recipe sent in by P.S . used two gallons of tomatoes and two gallons of apples .
Green tomato mincemeat
ADVERTISMENT
8 cups chopped green 2 L
tomatoes
8 cups chopped apples 2 L
3 cups packed brown sugar 750 mL
11Ú2 cups each of currants 375 mL
and seedless raisins
1Ú2 tsp . each of cinnamon , 2 mL
cloves and allspice
Clean tomatoes well . Put through a chopper or food processor . Sprinkle with two tablespoons ( 30 mL ) coarse salt . Let stand one hour or longer . Pare apples and chop . Drain tomatoes well . Put all together and let simmer one hour . Pack in sterilized jars . Seal at once . Yield : 10 cups .
It is now recommended that after filling the jars , they be processed in a hot water canner . From looking at other recipes , I would estimate the processing time for mincemeat at 20 minutes for pints and half pints , and 25 minutes for quarts .
A tablespoon ( 15 mL ) of beef suet may be added in each pie before baking .
P.S . says that it is delicious with bread and butter or as a sandwich filling .
Something to think about
If we could shrink the Earth 's population to a village of 100 people , with all existing human ratios remaining the same , it would look like this :
There would be 57 Asians , 21 Europeans , 14 from the western hemisphere and eight Africans .
Half of the village 's wealth would be in the hands of six people and all six would be Americans .
80 would live in substandard
housing .
70 would be unable to read .
One would be near death .
One would be near birth .
* 50 would
50 would
suffer from malnutrition .
Only one would have a college education .
No one would own a computer .
Source : Saskatchewan Women 's Institute May 1999 Brown Envelope .
Connect with kindness
If you connect with kindness during National Family Week , let Family Service Canada know what you did and your name will be entered in a draw .
National Family Week is observed the week before Thanksgiving , Oct. 4-10 , giving Canadians the chance to honor their own families .
During this week , Canadians are challenged to perform a random act of kindness and to register it with Family Service Canada . Tell them what you did , how it was received and how you felt doing it . Mail it to : Family Service Canada , 404-383 Parkdale Ave. , Ottawa , Ont . K1Y 4R4 . Fax : 613-722-8610 , e-mail : fsc @ igs.net .
The phone number is 613-722-9006 and website : www.cfc-efc.ca/fsc/ .
What can you do to make a connection with someone ? The connection does n't have to be elaborate . Here are some examples .
Make a surprise batch of cookies for your children , grandchildren or neighbor .
Get down on the floor and play with a child .
Make a video for a relative or friend .
Organize a family get-together .
Visit a seniors ' residence .
Leave a special message under someone 's pillow .
Reader 's requests
Dear TEAM : I am wondering if you or any of your readers can help me find a Five Roses cookbook , from the 1930s . Where can I write to get this cookbook ?
I also would like to know where I could get the bulbs for golden garlic ( allium moly ) . Also where could I get an apple-scented geranium ? – A. F. , Wolseley , Sask .
Dear A.F . : Hopefully someone has a 1930s Five Roses Cookbook they no longer use . We will keep an eye out for one at flea markets .
Dutch Growers in Saskatoon is one greenhouse that sells golden garlic . They also knew of the apple-scented geraniums so may have them available at times . If the greenhouses near you do not have these items , contact Dutch Growers , 306-249-1222 or by writing 685 Reid Rd. , Saskatoon S7N 3J4 .
You might be interested in becoming a member of Seeds of Diversity Canada . It is an organization made up of gardeners that grow old varieties or heritage seeds , who share seeds with others . You may also list seeds you have available by the deadline of Oct. 15 . That list then becomes a valuable resource for old seed varieties . The cut-off date for ordering was June 1 . In Canada , Seeds of Diversity includes vegetables , flowers and herbs .
ADVERTISMENT
For more information or to become a member write to Seeds of Diversity Canada , Box 36 , Station Q , Toronto , Ont . M4T 2L7 . Membership fee is $ 25 . For an additional $ 8 you can order information on how to save your own seeds .
OAKLAND — Sick of seeing the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers in NBA Finals every year ? Do n't blame the victors , Klay Thompson said .
“ I think the rest of the NBA has to get better , ” the Warriors guard said . “ It 's not our fault . ”
The Warriors and Cavaliers will face off in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday at Oracle Arena . This marks the fourth consecutive season that these teams have met in the Finals , with the Warriors winning in 2015 and '17 and Cleveland winning in '16 .
So media day on Wednesday featured a familiar line of questioning . The shooting of the Splash Brothers … the LeBron James legacy … the Cavs as underdogs … blah , blah , bah . Reporters could simply cut-and-paste stories from any of the three previous showdowns .
# Warriors and # Cavs again ! ? ? ‘ The rest of the NBA has to get better , ' Klay Thompson says . ‘ It 's not our fault . ' — Daniel Brown ( @ mercbrownie ) May 30 , 2018
LeBron James to anyone sick of # Cavs vs # Warriors ‘ If you want to see someone else in the postseason , then you 've got to beat ‘ em . ' ( Question from @ AlSaracevic ) pic.twitter.com/hyoDq0MoG7 — Daniel Brown ( @ mercbrownie ) May 30 , 2018
But Warriors forward Kevin Durant sounded happy to be part of the repetition .
“ I mean , it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be , or as drama-filled , ” he said . “ But that 's what you 've got movies and music for . ”
James , who is appearing in his eighth consecutive Finals ( including four with the Miami Heat ) , did n't seem bored at all Wednesday . He agreed with Thompson : It 's up to the challengers to come and get them .
“ If you want to see somebody else in the postseason , ” James said , “ then you 've got to beat them . ”
LIG Assets , Inc. ( LIGA ) has become a Member of a newly formed business entity , Earth Revival LLC , with famed environmentalist Robert Plarr and other leaders in stem cell therapy , sustainable sciences and medical treatment ; LIGA Now Listed as `` OTC Pink Current Information '' at OTC Markets
DALLAS , TX -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - LIG Assets , Inc. ( OTC PINK : LIGA ) ( also known as the `` Leader in Green Assets '' or `` LIGA '' ) announced today that LIGA has a 20 % interest in a new business entity , Earth Revival , with famed environmentalist and sustainable pioneer Robert Plarr and other leaders in sustainable solutions in the state of Tennessee where LIG Assets , Inc. will relocate the Company 's new corporate headquarters to later this year . While the official formation of the new Limited Liability Company was completed on April 9th , 2017 , the concept of Earth Revival LLC was discussed in detail by several speakers ( who also are Members of the new entity ) at the recent LIGA 2016 - Sustainability Impact Conference hosted by LIG Assets this past November at the Nashville Entrepreneur Center in Downtown Nashville , Tennessee .
LIGA Chairman of the Board , Aric Simons , states , `` Earth Revival is truly composed of some of the greatest minds in sustainability -- from healthy buildings to groundbreaking medical and well-being treatments and innovative , superior building products . LIGA is primarily responsible for real estate development and construction , but each Division of the Company works symbiotically with each other . For example , LIGA is already selling products that are developed and produced by the Health Products Division . Also , while Medical personnel will administer stem cell treatments , LIGA will construct health centers that ensure a safe environment most conducive for recovery and healing . Earth Revival utilizes state-of-the-art technology developed by doctors , scientists and environmentalists who care about more than just profit -- they care about the planet and the people who inhabit it . As proof , a portion of all net profits will be donated to Charitable Organizations dedicated to the promotion of environmental and wellness causes . That said , we expect the venture to be extraordinarily profitable and the early feedback supports this conclusion . LIGA is excited and honored to be associated with Earth Revival and its fellow Members . ''
Although Earth Revival LLC is newly formed , the various components of the Company have been working together and are turnkey ready to produce revenue . Earth Revival LLC will be comprised of five separate , yet directly connected divisions , each working closely with and in support of each other :
[ 1 ] Stem Cell / Health & Wellness Centers ; the development and application of cutting edge , state of the art , stem cell research , therapy and technology `` Wellness Centers '' LIGA in association with Earth Revival plans to build together across the country and eventually around the world . A primary goal of the `` Wellness Centers '' will be to deliver affordable stem cell technologies and applications directly to patients and care giver facilities .
The first facility currently being developed is , `` Annie 's Home '' -- planning to be a state of the art stem cell therapy and technology , `` Health & Wellness Center '' specifically designed by Robert Plarr for the treatment of many degenerative diseases including ALS ( Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis ) / Lou Gehrig 's Disease patients . The concept and purpose of `` Annie 's Home '' was discussed at the recent LIGA 2016 - Sustainability Impact Conference hosted last November in Nashville by LIG Assets , Inc . The facility is the first of its kind in the world and will be the model for all future clinics Plarr and LIGA plan to build together across North America . Robert Plarr and senior members of LIGA management are already in negotiations and working closely with the ALS Association . http : //www.alsa.org/
`` Annie 's Home '' will be a demonstration and model of how the stem cell , medical , construction materials , real estate development and charitable branches will work together by optimizing the Company 's resources and technological capacity to improve the lives of those with ALS , Parkinson 's , MS and other degenerative diseases while helping to grow Earth Revival LLC as a leading Company for transformative medical treatments by creating sustainable `` Health & Wellness Centers '' featuring cutting edge Stem Cell Therapy around the world .
[ 2 ] Health Products ; Including Oxygen Hydration Machines , Hydrogen Inhalers , Medicinal Mushrooms Mixes , Oxygenating Vortexes as well as `` Floating Beds '' -- LIGA through combined sales staff of LIGA and Robert Plarr 's organization .
The Medical Mushrooms , thanks to their numerous science-based benefits , from reducing inflammation to destroying cancer cells and boosting immune response , will be an integral part of the Company 's product line . The potential of just this one product is enormous .
[ 3 ] Building Materials and Products ; Which will include the manufacturing , selling and use in LIGA 's construction projects , geo-polymers which deliver highly sustainable and attractive building material made 100 % from recycled waste product primarily from coal plants , Magnesium Oxide Boards which replace traditional drywall and concrete with superior insulated mold resistant , fire resistant and water resistant pre-fabricated boards and light gauge steel products and materials , which replaces traditional lumber framing that is susceptible to environmental decay and termite destruction .
[ 4 ] `` Science of Sustainable Integration '' ; Known worldwide as the `` Plarr 's Living Green Structure System '' -- Creating unique homes and structures that are fully sustainable , mold and toxic free . Literally everything that goes into Robert 's homes is purified , including the materials , food and water . The plumbing is based on a wetlands system and the homes include horizontal growing towers that produce pure fruit and vegetables . The homes are ideal for living in the healthiest sustainable environment possible and are suited and designed for mass appeal and provides a superior living environment for the young , the elderly , families , the healthy or those recovering from illness .
[ 5 ] Real Estate Acquisition and Development ; Providing the world with the most advanced green and sustainable homes , commercial developments , systems and technology on the planet that are affordable to the masses and 100 % fully sustainable -- utilizing 100 's of technologies capable of providing their own oxygen , medicine , water and food . The developments in conjunction with the products detailed above will create a disruptive and revolutionary paradigm for the future of real estate development .
LIGA is currently upgrading its Corporate website to reflect the new changes occurring with the Company recently ( www.LeaderinGreenAssets.com ) . The revised website should be available next week -- LIGA encourages its investors , potential investors and potential partners to visit our website to view developments related to Earth Revival LLC . LIGA also plans on releasing details in the near future for its second annual LIGA 2017 - Sustainability Impact Conference to be held at the Nashville Entrepreneurial Center where representatives of Earth Revival LLC , several of whom spoke last year , will be presenting information and updates in their area of expertise .
About LIG Assets , Inc. :
LIG Assets , Inc. in association with Robert Plarr is the emerging `` Leader in Green Assets '' -- focused on exclusive green , renewable energy and sustainable homes , living systems , technologies and components to be utilized in the residential and commercial real estate acquisition and development projects currently under way and now individual product sales , as well as rapid expansion into other sectors via acquisitions , mergers and joint venture partnerships . LIG Assets , Inc. trades on the pink sheets under the ticker symbol `` LIGA '' . For additional information about LIG Assets , Inc. , Robert Plarr , and/or more information about and how to purchase Plarr 's exclusive homes , structures , products and technologies or to subscribe online to LIGA 's free Shareholder Newsletter for regular updates and alerts regarding important Company developments , please visit the Company 's website at www.LeaderInGreenAssets.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain forward-looking statements . The words `` believe , '' `` expect , '' `` should , '' `` intend , '' `` estimate , '' `` projects , '' variations of such words and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements , but their absence does not mean that a statement is not a forward-looking statement . These forward-looking statements are based upon the Company 's current expectations and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties , and assumptions . The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events , or otherwise . Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements are risks that are detailed in the Company 's filings on file at www.OTCMarkets.com .
KAPALUA , Hawaii – On the first day of the new year , World No . 1 Jason Day spent nearly an hour on the practice range at the Plantation Course at Kapalua Resort to get the kinks out of his game after a three-month layoff . Too bad he hit less than a dozen balls .
No , the sore back that prompted his competitive sabbatical was n't acting up . But the weather sure was . Day was among 10 or so players who attempted to get some early work in for this week 's SBS Tournament of Champions , but persistent rains hovered over the iconic course in the West Maui Mountains and turned the big ballpark into a water park .
Pinterest Jason Day sports his new Nike gear at Kapalua .
Day still was all smiles , though , as he sported his new Nike golf attire . The back problems that forced him to withdraw from the final two events of the FedEx Cup Playoffs in September and shut down his 2016 season have subsided . He should be fresh , given that he had a club in his hands just twice since the Tour Championship .
“ It was all good . I needed that time [ off ] , ” Day , 29 , said while peering out from underneath an umbrella . “ I got my mind refreshed as well . I was a bit stale . ”
Winner of three events in 2016 , including a wire-to-wire triumph in the Players , Day is one of 32 players in the $ 6.1 million tournament that resumes the PGA Tour 's wrap-around calender year after a brief slumber . Thirty-eight men qualified for this winners-only tournament , but six are taking a pass , all of international heritage : Adam Scott , Danny Willett , Henrik Stenson , Sergio Garcia , Charl Schwartzel and FedEx Cup champion Rory McIlroy .
First-time qualifier William McGirt was among other players stymied by the weather for much of Sunday . But he was on a roll , of sorts . The winner of the Memorial Tournament stopped in Phoenix for four days before heading to Maui , and it rained each day , thwarting his practice plans . Since he arrived at Kapalua last Thursday he 's gotten in only nine holes .
He hardly looked glum , though , as he sat in front of his locker . He was outwardly enamored with his nameplate , which listed the event he captured to punch his ticket to paradise , soaked as it was . McGirt expressed a desire to take the plate with him at week 's end . And why not ? It 's not like they do n't disappear anyways . Locker-room attendants reported that Jordan Spieth 's nameplate disappeared within 30 minutes of his wrapping up his eight-stroke victory last January .
There was n't much more to report during the mostly soggy day ( skies finally cleared in the late afternoon ) , except that Bubba Watson had to use a fairway metal into the green at the long par-4 17th . This was news . He regularly hits 8-iron on the 549-yard hole . The wet turf and the Kona winds—which turn long holes like 1 , 17 and 18 into half-marathons—were certain to make the Plantation Course rather cumbersome when play begins Thursday .
“ They might have to get creative with course setup this week , ” said Watson , the two-time Masters winner .
Creativity is usually a requirement at the quirky layout that Ben Crenshaw and Bill Coore designed . Local knowledge helps , too . But the newbies here early had n't been able to perform much reconnaissance . Brian Stuard was one exception . He refused to let intermittent monsoons derail his appointed rounds . He wore a rainsuit and a smile .
“ I could n't wait to get here , ” he said . “ I 'll dry out later . ”
WATCH : GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Satisfaction with airlines has increased for the seventh straight year , according to an annual travel survey — but passengers are still tough to please when it comes to inflight entertainment .
Cheaper fares , bigger overhead bins , and investments by airlines in newer planes were some of the factors fueling the increase in customer satisfaction , according to the J.D . Power 2018 North America Airline Satisfaction Study , released Wednesday .
“ Operationally , it 's never been a better time to fly , ” said Michael Taylor , travel practice lead at J.D . Power . “ Passengers perceive greater value in ticket prices , checking in has never been easier , passengers are more satisfied with the actual aircraft , and airlines have improved their baggage-handling performance . ”
“ Today 's passengers expect trouble-free connectivity for personal devices . ''
But while the 2018 study found that overall customer satisfaction increased 6 points to 762 ( on a 1,000-point scale ) , airlines lost points in the in-flight services category , which includes food , drinks , and entertainment .
“ Today 's passengers expect trouble-free connectivity for personal devices and airlines are challenged to keep pace with the technology that can achieve that goal , ” said Taylor . “ This is important because passengers are far more likely to have a positive experience with an airline if they are entertained during their flight . ”
In terms of the in-flight experience , the report notes that as compared to airlines offering seatback screens , “ Passengers using their own mobile devices to access in-flight services are less satisfied with the variety of in-flight entertainment available . ''
Traditional and low-cost North American carriers all showed improvement in this year 's study .
Among traditional carriers , Seattle-based Alaska Airlines ranked highest for the 11th consecutive year , with a score of 775 out of 1000 points ( up from 765 last year ) , with much of the improvement coming from investments in bigger overhead bins , notes Taylor .
Delta is once again in second place , with a score of 767 ( up from 758 last year ) , followed by Air Canada ( 734 ) , American Airlines ( 729 ) , and United Airlines ( 708 points ) .
Among the low-cost carriers , Southwest Airlines holds onto the highest ranking for the second consecutive year , with a score of 818 ( up from 807 ) , while JetBlue Airways once again ranks second with 812 points , up from 803 last year .
Among the airlines showing the most improvement in overall customer satisfaction from last year are Allegiant , which increased 58 points to 725 , and Air Canada , which increased 25 points to 734 , according to Taylor .
J.D . Power 's North America Airline Satisfaction Study uses seven ranked factors to evaluate airline performance : cost & fees , in-flight services , aircraft , boarding/deplaning/baggage , flight crew , check-in , and reservation .
This year 's study gathered input from 11,508 business and leisure travelers and was conducted between April 2017 and March 2018 , before the Southwest Airlines incident on April 17 in which one passenger was killed after an engine exploded , before Alaska Airlines issued new , more restrictive rules for passengers traveling with emotional support animals , and before United Airlines released its updated policy for pets transported in cargo , a move that came on the heels of a series of high-profile pet-related incidents .
Friends Brent Bushnell and Eric Gradman are the two innovative minds at the helm of Two Bit Circus , an experiential entertainment company based in downtown Los Angeles . “ We 're basically a big band of nerds , roboticists and electrical engineers , ” says Bushnell . “ We 've been building big toys with lasers , fire , and robots for years . ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This circus reinvents the way people play 5:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The co-founders , who both have backgrounds in engineering , did n't plan on going into business together . Prior to starting Two Bit Circus , Bushnell was involved in a start-up , building high-tech restaurants . Gradman was working for the military , designing robots and self-driving cars .
The night they met , the two of them discovered a shared passion for making interactive art . “ We were looking for something fun to do , combining novel technology with out-of-home entertainment , ” says Bushnell , and their flair for fun had a unique twist .
The two engineers also have backgrounds in big tops . “ Eric and I are both obsessed with circus and carnival , ” says Bushnell . “ From a young age , we were both trained clowns . ”
“ I was an acrobat , aerialist , and fire performer , touring with a local L.A. circus for many years , ” says Gradman .
The pair started making their interactive art installations in their downtime , and sharing with like-minded friends at local gatherings and events . “ There was this sort of passionate band of nerds building weird stuff , ” says Bushnell .
Buzz started to build around their creations , and people started hiring Bushnell and Gradman to bring their games to small corporate events and holiday parties . Then they got a call that changed everything .
“ Microsoft says ‘ Hey we 've got our E3 party coming up , would you guys come and bring all that stuff ? We would love you to do the entertainment , ' ” says Bushnell .
This made the duo think their downtime fun could be more than simply passion play .
They officially launched Two Bit Circus in 2012 , and big name brands were quick to take notice . Pepsi , Intel , and Honda were calling to work with them . “ Our brand partners were really excited about the kind of experiences we were proposing , ” says Gradman . “ Turns out there 's just not a lot of people who were thinking about how to take this technology and make it fun out of home . ”
Despite their company 's early success , its project-to-project nature posed some significant problems the first few years . They hired close knit friends as the company grew rapidly , but found themselves on a fire and re-hire rollercoaster . “ We 've worked with people through big projects , then parted ways , then come back to work together again , ” says Bushnell . “ It 's a long winding road . ”
Transparency became key to getting the revolving group of talented employees to return . “ I think when people feel like you are entrusting them with information , then you have a long-term friend , ” says Bushnell .
Although they were thrilled to have a long list of big name brands as clients , the pair had to adjust to managing payment cycles that severely impacted cash flow at times .
“ We literally did n't know how we were going to pay everybody a week out , ” says Bushnell . “ We should have blown up in a million pieces . ”
Streamlining a creative process among a group of roboticists , inventors , and engineers was another challenge that they faced .
“ We must be prolific with ideas , because we throw most of them away , ” says Gradman . “ We start with hundreds of ideas , prototype fifty , and watch some of them crash and burn . You ca n't fall in love with an idea , because if it does n't resonate with our audience we have to discard . ”
Related : Ray 's MTB Founder Opens Up About Sobriety & Making His Hobby a Business
Soon , the business was gaining even more traction . Bushnell and Gradman were fired up about getting their Two Bit Circus carnivals off the ground , but when they realized what they actually had to do to deliver a world-class experience , they were overcome with concern .
“ All of a sudden we realized we have a lot of people coming , ” says Gradman . “ We 've got to build a lot of new games and they have to be robust . It was quite an undertaking . ”
Although the events were hugely successful , Bushnell and Gradman had to figure out whether this new business model was actually viable . “ We looked at each other and were like ‘ Oh my God . That was a lot of work , ' ” says Bushnell . “ We operated it for three days . We filled 12,000 square feet . We just finished setting up and now we 're leaving . ”
So the pair spent the next 18 months brainstorming some more sustainable concepts , eventually coming up with their most ambitious idea to date — STEAM Carnival .
“ You know the term STEM , plus Art , ” says Bushnell .
The concept blends reimagined carnival and arcade games , with all kinds of virtual reality experiences , in a 50,000 square foot space . Bushnell and Gradman hope to eventually launch their “ micro-amusement park ” concept across the country .
“ It 's a big project and we have an incredible team , ” says Bushnell of the margarita robots , fire dunk tanks , and all around good time that he and his friend created .
“ I never thought for a moment that we would be in a place like this , doing what we do for a living , ” says Gradman . “ Coming to work and building awesome crazy entertainment . ”
Nevada congressman Ruben Kihuen took this photo of a team prayer for Rep. Steve Scalise after he was shot during a baseball practice .
One of the most powerful images coming out of Virginia on Wednesday morning came from a Nevada congressman .
Thirty minutes away from Republican Baseball 's practice field , the Democrats were also getting ready for Thursday 's annual Congressional Baseball Game . Representative Ruben Kihuen said he and the rest of his team kept practicing until they heard what happened to the team representing the other side of the aisle .
`` The coach called us all in to the dugout and we were all surprised because it was about 7:30 a.m. , '' Kihuen said . `` We 're about halfway through the practice . Everybody 's having a great time . We were all complaining about the heat and the humidity . ''
Kihuen said they did n't know who had been shot , but the team wanted to say a prayer . Kihuen caught the moment on camera .
`` I play in the outfield , and I was one of the last people to make it back into the dugout , '' Kihuen said . `` I turned around and I saw that image and I had to take a picture of it . Such a powerful moment where we all came together and prayed for our Republican colleagues . And then once I took the picture , I joined them in the prayer . ''
Kihuen described victim Congressman Steve Scalise as a very nice and personable guy .
President Trump posted on Twitter that Scalise will make a full recovery .
`` The latest information that I got was that he was in critical condition , '' Kihuen said . `` I think we 're seeing some mixed messages here . ''
Since the shooting , several people have come forward to turn the conversation toward politics .
Sheriff Richard Watson of St. Claire County blamed a lack of gun control .
`` We can have differences in opinion , but when we go to guns , that 's the real issue , '' Watson said .
`` It 's very unfortunate that people are already politicizing this , '' Kihuen said . `` At the end of the day , the congressman is a father . He 's a son . He 's a brother ... We 're not republicans or democrats . We 're all Americans , and that 's why we continue to pray for Congressman Scalise and all the victims . ''
The Congressional Baseball Game is a tradition more than 100 years old . The game is for charity , but it 's often competitive . Kihuen said the teams have been practicing for three months .
Moving forward , he said he expects the game will be more about unity than ever before .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out [ … ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of [ … ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For a quarter century , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved [ … ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com . We want to hear [ … ]
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Music News Group
Credit : Myriam SantosFollowing the death of founding singer Glenn Frey in January 2016 , The Eagles expressed doubt that they 'd ever play again . However , after re-forming with Frey 's son Deacon and country star Vince Gill filling in for Glenn to play last month 's Classic West and Classic East festivals and the upcoming Classic Northwest event in September , the band apparently has decided to continue on and has lined up its first official headlining dates with the new lineup .
The newly announced shows , dubbed “ An Evening with The Eagles , ” are scheduled for October 17 in Greensboro , North Carolina ; October 20 in Atlanta ; October 24 in Louisville , Kentucky ; and October 27 in Detroit .
Tickets for the concerts go on sale to the general public this Saturday beginning Saturday , August 19 , at 10 a.m . ET via LiveNation.com . American Express cardholders can purchase pre-sale tickets starting this Tuesday , August 15 , at 10 a.m. A limited number of VIP packages also will be available . Visit Eagles.com for more information .
As previously reported , The Eagles — Don Henley , Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit , along with Deacon Frey and Gill — played alongside Steely Dan and The Doobie Brothers at The Classic West on July 15 in Los Angeles and The Classic East in New York City on July 29 . The upcoming Classic Northwest show , taking place September 30 in Seattle , will just feature The Eagles and The Doobies .
Here are all of The Eagles upcoming concerts :
9/30 — Seattle , WA , Safeco Field – The Classic Northwest *
10/17 — Greensboro , NC , Greensboro Coliseum
10/20 — Atlanta , GA , Philips Arena
10/24 — Louisville , KY , KFC Yum ! Center
10/27 — Detroit , MI , Little Caesars Arena
* = with The Doobie Brothers .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Music News
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:13 Will Trump support black colleges ?
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days ?
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Profit plunges at Crédit Agricole due to weakness at retail unit
Some of you may remember Facebook Marketplace . If you do n't , it 's basically a Craigslist-like service inside Facebook to buy and sell things in your area . It looks and behaves pretty much like every other Craigslist clone , even down to the unrealistic expectations on abused or dated goods . And now 17 more countries across Europe can get in on the badly-priced fun .
Facebook Marketplace showed up on Android back in 2016 , technically just before it had been officially announced . It is n't just for the Facebook app , though . Like most things by the big blue social giant , you can access it via the Facebook site , too .
The countries added to Facebook Marketplace are Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Hungary , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , and Switzerland . For comparison , it was already available in Australia , Canada , Chile , Mexico , New Zealand , and the UK .
Now people in Europe can enjoy seeing all those amazing deals they 've been missing out on . Is that a Core 2 Duo with a 9500 GT for just $ 2,000 ? What a steal . It 's even got 2GB DDR2 RAM , that 's basically future-proof .
To the Editor :
The election for the Republican primary for state representative in the 80th district has become increasingly competitive as the primaries grow near . As a resident in this district , I find that the negativity against some of the candidates has been disappointing . Especially the negativity aimed at candidate Bud O'Brien . I have known candidate O'Brien for several years at this point . He has been an outstanding political mentor and has been someone I have come to respect immensely .
He is an honest conservative and one that I can align myself with . What he issues stands for , such as the Second Amendment , pro-life , and locally controlled schools are ones that I hold near and dear . He is an honest , hard-working family man who I know I can count on when he represents me as a public official .
Bud O'Brien is someone I can trust and value having as a reference on my resume , especially as I applied to law schools .
In conclusion , I know that candidate O'Brien is an honest public servant who will keep his promises to his constituents when he is in Columbus .
— Abby Brinkman
Troy
By Rahul Lal
The NBA Draft , the first big event of the offseason , is Thursday , June 22 . Top prospects are tantalizingly close to realizing their dreams , or at least taking that next step toward NBA relevance . Lesser prospects may find themselves passed over in those 60 picks spread over two rounds .
As basketball fans put themselves in the minds of NBA executives , who better to talk about the upcoming draft than Jon Rothstein , CBS Sports Network college basketball insider ? Jon shared his opinions about what to expect next week in the NBA Draft and going forward into the 2017-18 NBA season .
CBS Sports Network 's NBA Draft coverage continues with re-airings of recent shows this week and three new shows on Tuesday , June 20 .
Some of the most impressive and NBA-ready prospects are coming out of the college game . Is college basketball at an all-time high talent-wise ? What effect are one-and-done prospects having on the game ?
When it 's mandatory that kids have to go to college for at least a year , it galvanizes college basketball . It allows people , when they 're getting ready for the season , to put guys in bold print who can have a major impact . But we 've seen very few teams win national titles with one-and-done players . Kentucky did it in 2012 with Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , and Duke did it in 2015 with Justise Winslow , Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones . But look at some of the other teams that have won national championships : Louisville was a veteran team in 2013 ; [ in ] 2014 , Connecticut was a veteran team and [ in ] ‘ 16 and ‘ 17 , Villanova and North Carolina were veteran teams . So there 's a good balance right now in college basketball .
Is this draft as elite as everybody predicts ?
The one thing that this NBA Draft has is an abundance of guards who can make a major impact at the NBA level . When you look right now at the NBA , it 's being dominated by guys who can have an impact at the lead guard position . You 've seen it throughout the NBA more and more over the past decade .
Since there 's so many of those guys available who have the potential to be stars at the next level , that 's why the buzz is what it is about in the 2017 draft . You 've got the star power at the top and then a couple other guys involved who can be really , really interesting .
Point guards Markelle Fultz , Lonzo Ball , De'Aaron Fox , Dennis Smith Jr. and Frank Ntilikina should all go top 10 this year . After watching them all year , what 's your opinion on their talent ?
One thing you have to look at when discussing the point guards in this draft is that they 're almost like different types of sports cars . How does somebody decide whether they want a Lamborghini instead of a Porsche ? A BMW or Jaguar ?
When you look at Markelle Fultz , he 's a combo guard who can affect the game in a number of ways . He 's a combo scorer , a very good athlete . But a big concern about him is he did n't play well enough to make his team a viable threat in the Pac-12 . The argument is [ that ] that team would 've been an NCAA tournament team if Dejounte Murray and Marquese Chriss went back to school . That altered what Washington could be . But , he 's more of a combo guard who can play both guard spots , similar to Dwyane Wade when he came out of Marquette .
Lonzo Ball is the ultimate table-setter in this draft . He can make everybody around him better at a higher level than anybody else in the draft . The example that I use is Bryce Alford . Alford was a really good player at UCLA during the first three years of his career , but averaged career highs in field-goal percentage and three-point percentage because he played with Ball . He single-handedly transcended that program .
> > MORE : 2017 NBA Draft : Top 5 Prospects
De'Aaron Fox is more of a speed guard , similar in mold to John Wall , except there are some different intricacies on offense . You love his ball security . He only committed two turnovers in the final 64 minutes that he played last season against UCLA and North Carolina . He only made 17 threes last season for Kentucky — that 's a concern . Shooting is the one thing that can be rectified at the NBA level .
When you look at Dennis Smith , you have to look at a guy who can be like a young Steve Francis coming out of Maryland . These four guys all have the ability to go into the NBA and anchor a lead guard position for 10 years .
As far as Frank Ntilikina , I would delay expectations . He 's more of an athlete right now than somebody who is going to blow you away . He can be more steady on offense and effective on defense .
Josh Jackson has received a lot of praise lately , projecting as high as the second pick in the draft . What stands out about his game , and what could he improve on ?
Josh Jackson is an alpha dog who , right now , has the ability to have a great impact on the game by not demanding shots . When you look at it from a coaching perspective , the one thing you think about is shot distribution and whose hands the ball is in . Jackson , because of his intangibles last season , had the ability to impact the game without shooting . Thirteen games with 10 rebounds or more but , for somebody who people were concerned about in terms of his shooting ability , he really did a good job of making shots late in the season . They say he ca n't shoot , but he shot just under 40 percent from three . In the NCAA Tournament alone , when you study the numbers , five of 13 from three ? Not terrible .
Jonathan Isaac , Malik Monk and Jayson Tatum should all be called early . All three of them bring something different to the table , how do they project at the next level ?
Jonathan Isaac had a really good impact defensively because of his speed and how he worked on ball screens . Some of the easy baskets he got in college he wo n't necessarily get in the NBA . But he could evolve into a more consistent outside shooter . His body reminds you a bit of Rashard Lewis who had a good run in the NBA for a long time .
Malik Monk is a shooting guard trapped in a point guard 's body . He 's not a point guard , but he does n't have the size to be a two-guard in the NBA . One thing he can do is shoot the basketball at a high clip . He made over 100 threes last year , had 14 games with four or more made threes . If you 're projecting him at the next level , he has a chance to be a dynamite first guard off the bench .
Jayson Tatum is the guy that most resembles a Carmelo Anthony-caliber scorer in this draft . When you scouted him last year in the ACC , he was probably pound for pound the best player in that conference . He did n't play with a true point guard , [ so ] there was nobody to set the table for him . When you look at Jayson Tatum , if you can put him with somebody who can get him shots , it could open up a whole ‘ nother can of worms .
Front-court players are pretty thin this year . Which players stand out to you ?
I felt all along that Zach Collins was underrated and the epitome of efficiency . If he played at Duke or Kentucky , he would be part of the vernacular of college basketball . Seven-foot , great hands , he had 10 [ points ] , six [ rebounds ] and two [ blocks ] in only 17 minutes a game at 65 percent from the field . We saw what he could be in the final four from a production standpoint . That 's one person who comes to mind , though he 's got a ways to go defensively .
Also , the way Lauri Markkanen can shoot the ball puts him into a different stratosphere , because so much of the NBA right now is based on spacing and shooting . He was was a really good shooter last year ; he made 69 threes . You 're looking at a guy who shot 42 percent from three . He can have a Ryan Anderson-type impact in the NBA .
If you could pick one player who would hit the ground running in the NBA , who would it be ?
When you look at the ability to transcend teams and franchises , you have to look at Lonzo Ball as somebody who 's going to be an NBA star and a multi-year all-star . People forget that UCLA was a 15-17 team . And Lonzo went there and made UCLA the most entertaining team , the highest-scoring team and also the best-distributing team in college basketball . He 's one of the reasons why T.J . Leaf is in position to be a mid-first round pick . He has the ability to do for players what other point guards ca n't .
If you had to name three sleepers for this year 's draft , who would they be ?
One is going to be Terrance Ferguson because of the way he shoots the basketball . He 's somebody who has out-of-the-gym range . He could be in a different gym and make a shot , that 's how special he is in terms of shooting . He 's a straight bucket-getter , and he is a much more willing defender now . [ He has ] good length and has the ability to stretch the defense .
Semi Ojeleye has a major impact because of his physique and his ability to absorb contact . If you 're looking for a small-ball four man in the NBA , that 's Semi Ojeleye . I like that he can play different positions .
I 'm really a fan of Derrick White from Colorado . He has great size , can handle the ball and has a great story . There are still a lot of miles on the tank and a lot of room to grow in terms of his ceiling .
CBS Sports Network is airing six one-hour draft shows leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22 , 2017 . Draft coverage includes more analysis of the top prospects , along with breakdowns of players by position .
New shows will air Tuesday , June 20 , starting at 7 p.m . ET .
Rahul Lal is an LA native stuck in a lifelong , love-hate relationship with the Lakers , Dodgers and Raiders . You can follow him on Twitter here .
ST Senans were crowned Limerick IFC winners this Friday evening with a 4-9 to 2-8 win over Galbally under the floodlights of Mick Neville Park .
Relegated from the senior ranks in 2012 , the Foynes-Shanagolden club had since lost two intermediate finals .
Galbally made the best possible start with a Gary McCarthy goals inside 90-seconds but goals from Ger Hanlon , Conor Mullane and Darren Kavanagh had St Senans in control 3-6 to 1-1 by the 21st minute .
By half time it was 3-7 to 1-4 with the south Limerick men losing both James Ryan and Mike Donovan to injury in that first half .
But St Senans were not to score for the opening 25-minutes of the second half and saw an 11-point lead down to just two points – 3-7 to 2-8 with Kieran Hickey getting a Galbally goal six minutes into the second half .
But St Senans regained composure in the final minutes with two Richard Hayes points from play and deep into injury time Dale Fitzgerald sealed the title with their fourth goal .
Congrats St Senans - Limerick IFC winners . Celebration time in Foynes & Shanagolden # GAA # LLSport pic.twitter.com/XaYJiMcW47 — Jerome O'Connell ( @ JeromeSport ) October 6 , 2017
St Senans will now represent Limerick in the Munster IFC – on October 29 they will travel to Tipperary for a quarter final against Moycarkey-Borris , Kiladangan , Clonoulty-Rossmore or Clonmel Óg .
St Senans champions .... Back in senior football after 5-years . Result in Limerick IFC Final St Senans 4-9 Galbally 2-8 # GAA # LLSport — Jerome O'Connell ( @ JeromeSport ) October 6 , 2017
In the curtain-raiser St Kierans were crowned Limerick minor A football champions with a 1-11 to 0-13 win over Na Piarsaigh .
The city men led 0-10 to 0-4 at half time with Stephen O'Halloran and Ruben McCarthy leading the scoring . But they had a player went off in the 27th minute .
St Kierans had a fourth minute goal in the second half from captain Noel Callanan to kick-start their fight back .
Na Piarsaigh were still ahead ; 0-13 to 1-6 entering the final quarter .
Then five successive points snatched the title for the west Limerick side – Stephen Lyons with the winner in injury time .
* See the print editions of the Limerick Leader newspaper for full match reports , reaction and photographs .
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour , an environmental organization says .
After a review , Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health , and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment .
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break , or as solvents , and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers , children 's toys , detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo .
Muhannad Malas , who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence , said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion .
He said one of the key differences is that in Europe , the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use .
He said Canada 's law needs to be modernized .
Last June , the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act , which governs the use of chemicals .
One of them was to mimic Europe 's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it .
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and she said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018 .
The Canadian Press
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
PEMBROKE PARK ( CBSMiami ) — A car slammed into the Broward Sheriff 's Office substation Monday morning .
The car slammed into the building , located in Pembroke Park at 3201 W Hallandale Beach Blvd. , around 11:30 a.m. and exploded , according to the Broward Sheriff 's Office .
The car went so far into the building that it was hard for Chopper4 to see it .
A man who was painting inside the building rescued the female driver who was , according to BSO , mumbling at the time .
The painter said the woman was engulfed in flames when he jumped in to save her .
She was taken to Memorial Regional Hospital as a trauma alert patient .
A BSO employee twisted her ankle during the incident while she was trying to get away from the car .
The cause of the crash is unknown at this time .
Deputies said they did find an accelerant inside the woman 's car .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. and mixed martial arts star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world .
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday , after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 41 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match .
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules .
“ It 's official , ” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters .
“ THE FIGHT IS ON , ” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier , posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather 's father , Floyd Sr .
He continued to have a little fun on social media at his future opponent 's expense .
Man , much respect to Floyd Senior still getting a few rounds in at the gym . I hope I can still train at that age .
Respect . pic.twitter.com/Q2jv4Lffgd — Conor McGregor ( @ TheNotoriousMMA ) June 13 , 2017
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights , will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena . He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout .
“ This is really an unprecedented event , ” said Stephen Espinoza , who heads Showtime Sports , which will handle the pay-per-view . “ Really we have n't seen anything in modern history that resembles it , it 's impossible to predict how many sales this will do . ”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather 's team pushed for the fight in recent days .
“ All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done , ” he said . “ The sky 's the limit on this . ”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months . It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout .
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite , the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world . It has also intrigued some in boxing , though most dismiss McGregor 's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history .
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup , the run-up to the fight will . Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights , and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts .
“ As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it , ” Espinoza said .
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars . It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys .
( TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
We 'll assume we have your consent to use cookies , for example so you wo n't need to log in each time you visit our site .
Learn more
Agree
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before . Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all .
IT services provider , Unisys Australia , has won a contract with Australia 's Department of Home Affairs worth $ 44.2 million to design and implement a new enterprise biometric identification services ( EBIS ) .
For the past 12 years , Unisys has provided and supported the current system being used by the Federal Government , according to the local arm of the US-headquartered IT services firm .
The new system will be used to match face images and fingerprints of people wishing to travel to Australia against biometric watch lists seeking to identify people of security , law enforcement or immigration interest .
According to the Assistant Minister for Homme Affairs , Alex Hawke , the system will enable a more accurate and effective biometric analysis of 100 per cent of travelers . The EBIS will alert the Australian Borer Force if necessary .
“ The EBIS system will significantly increase our biometric collection and storage capability , giving us an even stronger platform to identify and protect Australia from individuals who might wish to do us harm , '' Hawke said .
This will be made possible by consolidating biometrics collected through visa and detention programs with biometric data collected at the border through SmartGates .
Unisys said the new deal is a multi-year contract and that the EBIS is designed to support anticipated growth in visa applications , border clearance and applications for citizenship over the next 10 years .
“ In the ten years 2006-2016 , the number of Australian border crossings increased from 21.7 million per year to 37.7 million – a growth of almost 74 percent , '' Unisys Asia Pacific vice president and managing director , Tony Windever , said .
`` This places pressure on border clearance staff to verify the identity of travellers and confirm they are who they say they are more quickly and more accurately to prevent delays , avoid queues and improve the experience for travellers arriving in and departing from Australia . ''
Unisys Stealth ( identity ) , the company 's multi-factor identity and management authentication solution , will be the base of the new EBIS .
Stealth ( identity ) supports face , finger , iris and voice recognition , and is designed for high-volume – more than 100,000 transactions daily – and large-scale – more than 100 million records – operations across multiple devices .
EBIS will include analytics that will ingest data feeds from Stealth ( identity ) to support and run simulations , according to Unisys .
Biometric matching algorithms from IDEMIA will be used for the fingerprint and facial biometric matching .
In October , Unisys won a three-year contract extension with the Department of Immigration and Border Protection ( DIBP ) worth $ 77.7 million . As part of the contract , Unisys was to provide managed service desk and end-user computing services for the department staff globally up to June 2021 .
DIBP put a request for the provision of automated processing at Australian ports out to tender in early July .
The DIBP was looking for potential suppliers to provide and implement an automated processing solution to support the concept of “ seamless traveller ” movement through the Australian border protection process .
Unisys has also just been awarded another extension , this time with the Australian Department of Defence .
The $ 45.6 million contract will see Unisys continue its provision of IT support services to approximately 460 Department of Defence sites and military bases around the country .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
…Car snatchers , ATM fraudsters threaten peace
By FRED ITUA and FRED EZEH
In the past , when folks gathered to talk about insecurity in Nigeria , Lagos was often referred to as the hotbedn of crime . A handful of other states were also listed on the ignoble roll and the governors of the states with this dubious title battled to redeem their images .
In the South-East , for instance , kidnapping and armed robbery were recurring decimals . In the South-South , militancy and cultism held sway . The South-West was embroiled in political turmoil . The North Central was relatively peaceful , with pockets of herders/farmers clashes . The North-East was battling with Boko Haram , while the North-West had Islamic extremism to contend with .
In all of these , Abuja , Nigeria 's capital city , was insulated . However , the once-peaceful city lost its innocence on October 1 , 2010 , when suspected Niger Delta militants detonated explosives at the Eagle Square , during the 50th Independence Day celebration of the country .
That attack was soon followed by another major blast . The Police Force Headquarters was bombed and scores of people were killed . The bombing of the United Nations office in Nigeria soon followed . Again , scores of people died , while assets worth billions of dollars were destroyed .
Motor parks , media houses , worship centres , shopping malls and recreational centres soon became targets . Almost seven years after the first bomb went off in Abuja , it has been one misfortune after another . Sadly , there appears not to be an end in sight .
Today , kidnapping , ‘ one chance ' and car snatching are common crimes in Abuja . The reason for this new wave of crime , according to pundits , could be found in the many jobless , criminally-minded youths in the city .
Abuja houses some of the richest and most sophisticated buildings in Africa , which are unoccupied . It also houses Nigeria 's richest men and women . Almost every rich Nigerian has a safe haven in Abuja where he or she cools off .
The National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) recently released a unemployment figures in Nigeria , with youths mostly affected . Observers have described the admixture as a time bomb waiting to explode .
Abuja it has its peculiar security challenges . However , recent developments , particularly government economic policies that have plunged the country into economic recession , have spurred criminal ingenuity in the youths trying to make ends meet . Kidnapping , car theft , buglary and prostitution , among others , are the order of the day in the city 's thriving underworld .
Men and women of the underworld have deviced different modes of operation to keep afloat in their business of dispossesing the residents of their belongings .
Recently , cases of car theft have been on the increase . The most targeted cars , according to checks by Daily Sun , are Toyota Camry , Honda Accord , popularly called Honda Academy , and CRV .
These cars can easily be unlocked by keys of similar designs and they are easily disposed of because of their popularity in the market . A motorist told our correspondent that time to revisit the use of pedal lock has come .
Some places are notorious for car theft in Abuja . Gwarinpa , specifically the popular Charly Boy bus stop or Galadimawa is a hotbed . Wuse District , particularly Zone 7 , where NAFDAC and other government buildings are located , is also a no-go area . Criminals often snatch cars from drivers and , sometimes , steal parked vehicles .
The National Assembly axis is another scary area . Vehicles parked outside and within the expansive National Assembly complex have in recent months been stolen by thieves . The popular Eagle Square is not exempted . The large car park , where visitors and civil servants who frequent the Federal Secretariat park their vehicles , is now unsafe .
It is now also unsafe to drive the aforementioned cars at night , especially in lonely areas . These car snatchers ambush and unleash terror on residents when they least expect them . They hang around traffic lights and sharp bends , where motorists are often expected to beat their speed . Sadly , again , no stolen car in Abuja is ever recovered .
Crime rate has indeed spiked in Abuja . Recently , there were cases of some well-dressed young men that flooded Abuja metropolis , impersonating security and secret service officers . These young men strategically positioned themselves at commercial banks and their environs in Abuja waiting for their targets .
As part of their modus operandi , they would approach their target as they dashed out of the bank after transactions , possibly with black plastic bags containing huge sums of money . They would intimidate their victims with fake identity cards of any of the Nigerian security or intelligence agencies , insisting that the person come with them to their office .
Before the victims are taken to their non-existent offices , they would first dispossess them of communication gadgets , thereby denying the victims access to any means of communication .
With the conviction of them being genuine officers , they would whisk the victim away , usually in a tinted car , as the victim tried to make calls . However , a little freedom is granted to the victim to make calls a few metres to the headquarters of any of the offices of the security agencies . To further convince the victim , they would point their car towards the gate of the office and ask the victim to alight from the vehicle and step aside to call whoever he or she wants to call and meet them inside . Immediately the victim gladly alights to make the calls , off they would zoom with the money and that would be the end .
One such victim of a similar financial crime in Abuja was Rachel Musa . She narrated how her bank account was emptied by fraudsters who , at gunpoint , dispossessed her of her automated teller machine ( ATM ) card with the personal identification number ( PIN ) on Friday evening at an isolated location in Garki II , Abuja .
Narrating the story to Daily Sun , Musa said : “ I had need of money that fateful Friday evening when banks had closed for the weekend . I hardly use ATMs but , because of the urgent need I had for cash , I quickly rushed to a nearby ATM machine to make cash withdrawal . I just inserted my debit card and was about to begin transaction when two young men arrived at the machine . They walked up to me and displayed their guns to me with laughter and insisted that my countenance be filled with smiles so that passersby would n't suspect whatever was going on .
“ They confirmed that my PIN was correct . They also allowed me to make the first withdrawal before they collected the card . With the knowledge of my account balance , they collected the ATM debit card and zoomed off . All I kept receiving thereafter was debit alert on my phone until they emptied my account . There was nothing I could do because it was night hours and the banks had closed . Worst still , it was weekend . That was how they withdrew all the money in my account . ”
Musa said that a report was lodged to the police and the bank after the weekend holidays , but all efforts by the bank and the police failed to identify and arrest the thieves .
Share
Each school honored a True Friend of Education and a True Business Friend of Education .
“ We are lucky to be in such a wonderful community and have people support what we do , ” said Lebanon Director of Schools Scott Benson .
True Friend of Education recipients included Burr Sheely and Lois Underwood at Byars Dowdy Elementary School ; Audrey Griffin at Castle Heights Elementary School ; Katy Moscardelli at Coles Ferry Elementary School ; Angela Jimenez at Sam Houston Elementary School ; Courtney Perry at Walter J. Baird Middle School ; and Nancy Barrett at Winfree Bryant Middle School .
True Business Friend of Education recipients included Hope Sampson and College Hills Church of Christ at Byars Dowdy ; Rick Thorne and THW Insurance at Castle Heights ; the Huffaker Group at Coles Ferry ; Spectra Energy at Sam Houston ; Lisa Anderson and Middle Tennessee Recycling at Walter J. Baird and Jeff Gannon and State Farm Insurance at Winfree Bryant .
The group also honored the newly formed Byars Dowdy choir , led by Soniya Patel , during its student spotlight and Byars Dowdy secretary Laura Stafford during its employee spotlight .
Former president Obasanjo has pointed the finger of blame on General Abdulsalami Abubakar and unnamed others for his second coming as Nigeria 's leader.Speaking at the Niger State Investment and Economic Summit , Obasanjo narrated how he was carrying on with life in prison when the General came to get him out , pardoned him and conspired with others to put him in the seat of power .
Mexico has a long history of corrupt fugitive governors , including one who was arrested in Italy just last week , but former Veracruz Gov . Javier Duarte stands out .
Since his arrest in Guatemala Saturday , a video clip from 2012 has been circulating in which then-presidential candidate and now President Enrique Pena Nieto names Duarte as part of a new generation of politicians from the Institutional Revolutionary Party that will be its future .
Duarte , 43 , was part of a wave of PRI governors in 2010 that would later propel Pena Nieto — himself also a young PRI governor — into the presidency two years later .
But things spiraled out of control for Duarte . On Monday , he was waiting in a Guatemalan military prison for his initial appearance before a judge on Wednesday .
Olaf Scholz speaks with the media during the G20 meeting in Buenos Aires , Argentina , on March 19 .
German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz said one of the ingredients for avoiding a trade war is to ensure that all sides do n't stop talking to each other .
Scholz said he had exchanged views with U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and sought to find out what the motivations for U.S. threats on trade tariffs are . The talks dominated his first trip to a Group of 20 meeting as finance chief of Europe 's largest economy .
“ We 're in discussions and this is the basis for hoping that in the end these talks will also lead to us securing the foundations of world trade and the open exchange of goods and services also in the future , ” Scholz said shortly before his return to Germany . “ I 'm glad there are talks . ”
Scholz ' efforts in Buenos Aires are part of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's push to thwart a trade war with the U.S. Economy Minister Peter Altmaier , one of her closest allies , traveled to Washington for talks on Sunday and met with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross . In a joint statement , the officials pledged to work toward relaxing trade tensions and continue discussions .
In a draft of the G-20 communique obtained by Bloomberg News , policymakers repeated a pledge to refrain from unfair trade practices and warned that the global economic expansion would be thrown into jeopardy if governments turn inward .
“ We must ensure that the world 's landscape is not now dominated by protectionism , but that these markets remain open , ” said Scholz , who represented one of the world 's biggest exporters at the G-20 table . “ The prosperity of all of us depends on it . ”
Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann told reporters that G-20 officials had discussed the risk of a trade war and what it would mean for the world economy 's expansion .
Any escalation “ would only know losers in the end , ” Weidmann said , adding that there was broad consensus that conflicts should be resolved within the framework of the existing , rules-based trade system .
Somerset , NJ ( PRUnderground ) February 2nd , 2018
Although Petra Cephas , a mortgage broker , appreciates technology and the many ways it has proven to build the bridge between a company 's customers and providing great service , his company is considering on not having their mortgage process services rely on technology use such as apps or through their website . He stated recently that , face-to-face meetings should be requested as the mortgage experts of Petra Cephas work on their customers ' mortgage processes .
Bishoi Nageh , the President of Petra Cephas , said , “ Call us old school but it is hard to undervalue face-to-face meeting when you will make the biggest decision that a family can make . ”
NJBIZ recognized Petra Cephas as the # 14 most ranked mortgage broker in New Jersey in 2016 . The company worked hard to get to where they are since it started in 2014 . The company has been meeting with borrowers to discuss home loans since the beginning and are only looking forward to continuing this . Tone and meaning is important when conversations come up between mortgage experts and clients in Petra Cephas .
For more information visit http : //www.petracephas.com .
Location Information :
27 Clyde Road , Suite 201
Somerset , NJ 08873
About Petra Cephas
Petra Cephas is a mortgage business that has helped hundreds of clients year-round get the best home mortgage lending possible . They offer an array of options that suit the needs of all their clients . They have a network of lenders that offer access to loans ranging from Conventional , FHA , USDA , and many more . Petra Cephas assists with residential financing for primary residences , second homes , and investment properties .
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Profit plunges at Crédit Agricole due to weakness at retail unit
Bella & Vishaka 's Naagin Roop
Surbhi Jyoti , who has nearly two millions followers on Instagram , has always managed to receive appreciation from her fans ' end . For her goofy picture with Anita , fans commented , `` Hello GORGEOUS ! 😍😍😍 surbhhiiii i cant even breath ! ....... you look on fire . you are so damn stunning and very tempting ...... the most beautiful cutest and hottest Naagrani . i love yous so much my best actress and my dream girl @ surbhijyoti you are a deadly combo of cuteness and hotness ! 💥 ....... have fun Bae '' - ( sic )
Gorgeous In Ethnic
Just a few hours since after Surbhi shared her picture with Anita , she posted another picture where she 's seen gracefully posing in a saree . She can pull off any look , ca n't you see ? She captioned her image using a Tom Robbins quote . Which read , `` That 's why poets are so important . They remember our dreams for us . `` - ( sic )
She 's A Friends Fan
The actress expressed her love for the show Friends by captioning her image as , `` How are you doing ... ? '' - ( sic ) . Any Friends fan would know its Joey 's signature dialogue from the show . Surbhi , who looks poised in the picture , is seen in a modern avatar .
The Naagins Can Pout
Who said pouts are a western thing ? The Naagin 3 actresses proved it wrong by sharing this image with fans in which the duo can be seen pouting in a sensual manner while clad in their characters attire . One of the fans called Surbhi the most beautiful . The comment read , `` pspoors17mop12345678 Surbhi you are the most beautiful lady in the world '' - ( sic )
Hot Little Black Dress
When Surbhi posted the picture , she was asked by fans why she would n't try her luck in Bollywood . Also , one of the fans went ahead to say she 's better than many Bollywood actresses . `` Ua still better then sonam kapoor but why dont u try in bolly ? ? Still u cry better then aksara from star plus.chopping onion with naked vision n watching ua acts freaks everyone tears same . `` - ( sic )
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) – Indiana lawmakers plan to adjourn the 2017 session a week early , but there 's still a lot of work to do .
On Monday , House Speaker Brian Bosma spoke with 24-Hour News 8 to give an update on how close the legislature is on certain issues “ We 're getting tight , ” he said .
The busy work started Monday with discussions on nearly 15 bills in front of packed committee rooms . “ Head is definitely spinning right now , ” State Rep. Tony Cook ( R-Cicero ) said . “ I 'll be glad when we do get a little bit of a reprieve , and get a little rest . ”
There might be a lot of work to do , but the focus is on the budget , roads , and cold beer . “ By the time Friday night at midnight rolls around we 'll all be wiping our brow and saying , ‘ Oh , can we go home now ? ' State Sen. Karen Tallian ( D-Portage ) said .
Before they do , lawmakers are scratching their heads over burritos . Not a topping choice , but how Ricker 's Gas Station got a restaurant liquor license to sell cold beer because of its burrito operation .
It is a business House Speaker Bosma visited this weekend . “ I have n't changed my opinion , other than to say , Ricker 's runs a clean operation , and nice new facilities , including the one in my neighborhood , ” House Speaker Bosma said . ” Question is whether you want them to be package liquor stores on every corner ? ”
Road funding is another issue . Lawmakers want to increase the gas tax and add vehicle fees .
The Senate prefers adding tolls , while the House wants to shift the gas tax to repair roads . To plug the sales tax loss to the general fund , the House wants to increase the cigarette tax .
But on Monday , 24-Hour News 8 learned it appears to be dead . “ The Senate has never really expressed an interest in this and they have n't expressed a remarkably new interest , ” House Speaker Bosma said .
Finally , lawmakers must pass a budget . Both sides say they 're close , and plan to present a draft Thursday before voting Friday , setting up an early end to the session . “ I do n't know if it 's more chaotic , but it 's always chaotic , ” State Sen. Tallian said .
24-Hour News 8 also learned movement could come soon on a state superintendent bill . The House passed a bill that would give the governor power to appoint the position in four years . The Senate changed it to eight years . House Speaker Bosma said House Republicans planned to discuss the matter Monday afternoon , and decided whether to bring it to a vote .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Sign up for Meridian 's Free Newsletter , please CLICK HERE
As I was watching the rescue operations following Hurricane Harvey I heard a woman being rescued from a flooded home say , “ I just have my wallet and phone . I did n't know what else to take ” . How sad . It did make me wonder how many actually know what to take if they need to evacuate with only what they can carry .
As we have seen following disasters first responders and relief agencies are spread very thin . Often you are on your own for days or even weeks . You may not be able to return home and unfortunately in some cases you may never be able to return .
When you have time , the list of items to take can be long . However , when you have to leave quickly or as in the case of the recent hurricane in Houston , to be rescued , the list has to be short and include only what you are able to carry . What do you take ?
Obviously the first thing you should grab is your 72 hour kit . Hopefully you have upgraded your kit to 120 hours worth of supplies . For those who have been diligent many of the following items will already be in your kit . If you have n't already created a kit , make it a priority now . See 72 Hour Kits : A New Look Grabbing a kit full of most of what you will need will save time and frustration .
Remember , many homes flooded due to the release of water in a reservoir to keep it from busting . If you live near a reservoir , river , dam or levy , this could happen to you . Natural disasters requiring evacuation happen everywhere not just in hurricane country .
In Addition to a 72 hour ( 120 hours ) kit :
Social Security card . Having your card will speed up the process of applying for and receiving government aid as well as insurance payments .
Credit cards . Often power will be out after a disaster and your cards will be useless until the power is restored . Once power is restored your cards will be essential as your cash will probably run out .
Cash : Speaking of cash , it is a must-have . First , when power is out cash is king . Food , fuel , water , clothing , housing , all will require cash . Accumulate a cash reserve in your home . This may take some time depending on your financial situations and the extras you are willing to forgo for a short time . Whatever you decide to do begin now . Cash should be in small denominations , preferably no larger than ten dollar bills . This leads to the second reason for our stash , the inability of retailers to make change for larger bills . If everyone seeks items from a store have twenty dollar bills and you want a five dollar case of water the merchant may not have change . Are you willing to give up the water or will you forgo the change and pay the twenty dollars ? You will not walk away for food and water when you are hungry and thirsty so be prepared with small denomination bills so change is n't needed .
Insurance documents . It 's much easier to file a claim when you have the phone number of your agent and your policy number with you . See the important insurance tip on our Totally Ready facebook page and please share it .
Pink slip for all your vehicles and boats . You ca n't file a claim for a vehicle if you ca n't prove you own it .
Health records . Your doctor 's office may have sustained damage or they may be without power and the ability to access records . Records will be extremely important should a family member be injured and need medical attention .
Medical records for your pets .
Phone list . When charging your cell phone becomes impossible your phone numbers may not be available . Add a hard copy of important numbers to your 72 hour kits now and if you do n't have a kit print off a list and tape it to the inside of a cupboard door where it can be easily grabbed when leaving your home quickly .
Prescription medications . Several years ago a friend 's parents evacuated quickly due to a wildfire . By the time they returned home several days later they had spent over $ 300 . on prescription medications . Mom fell and was admitted to the hospital . Since she did n't have her medications she had to pay hospital prices for them the two days she was there . After being released they moved to their evacuation destination where they had to refill their prescriptions . One hundred dollars of prescription , a one month supply , ended up costing them over $ 300 . This is extremely important if a family member is dependent on medication such as insulin .
Over the counter medications . You will have a headache , you may have intestinal upset , you may get a cold , etc .
Eyeglasses and contact lenses . Neither are easily replaced . Do n't forget solutions that are needed with them .
Sun glasses .
Be sure everyone has shoes on , not sandals , as they leave home .
Cell phone with charger .
If you still have time
Change of clothing .
Extra socks .
Hat
Food that can be eaten without heat or water .
Hygiene items .
Most if not all of these items should be included in your 72 hour kit . Having most items in one place will make knowing what to take when leaving home less stressful .
Do n't be caught without a plan for a quick evacuation . Create a 72 hour kit , should really be a 120 hour kit , and place this list in an outside pocket where it can be easily accessed reminding you of items to grab not included in your kit . Place a copy in your preparedness binder .
Click here for help with your kit .
For more help with other forms of kits and other self reliance items join us at https : //www.facebook.com/TotallyReady Send Carolyn your questions there .
Downfall of Toshiba , a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The Nevada Highway Patrol shared what they 've been seeing after two pre-med students helped change the marijuana DUI laws . ( FOX5 )
A major concern for people against the legalization of recreational marijuana was more people driving under the influence . The Nevada Highway Patrol shared what they 've been seeing after two pre-med students helped change the marijuana DUI laws .
Their names are Graham Lambert and Chris Cullison , and they are n't stereotypical marijuana advocates . As aspiring doctors , they said they ca n't even consume cannabis .
`` We are not for or against the use of marijuana . It 's just not something we 're interested in , '' Chris Cullison said .
Cullison and Lambert were working on a project for Touro University when they discovered the way law enforcement was testing for marijuana DUIs was wrong . The students found the urine tests which were given out gave false positives for people who potentially had n't smoked in weeks . Furthermore they found the blood test missed people who ate edibles . The two students first went to their professor , then from lawmaker to make a change .
`` We would go to their offices and just roll out this giant 4-by-6 ( foot ) poster and say , `` Do you see this ? This is what we 're talking about , '' Cullison laughed .
`` Ya , '' Lambert said pausing . `` They did not believe us . ''
After testifying before the legislature , and after medical professionals testified agreeing with their findings , marijuana laws were changed . And the two students were there as Nevada Gov . Brian Sandoval made the changes .
Since , entities like Nevada Highway Patrol have been using that science . Nevada Highway Patrol shared their findings to show how they 're dealing with legal marijuana .
`` There are a lot of things that still need to be worked out , '' Trooper Travis Smaka said with a laugh .
One of those things , is still how they test for marijuana DUIs . Trooper Smaka said currently the field sobriety tests are the same as alcohol .
`` These tests have been conducted , and proven , and re-proven and changed and altered for the last 30 to 40 yeas , '' he said .
Smaka did not have numbers for marijuana DUIs , but said he has n't seen any noticeable spike . One thing he has noticed : he said people do n't understand just because it 's legal in Nevada , does n't mean it 's okay everywhere .
Trooper Smaka said officers have seen passengers eating edibles . Even if the driver is n't consuming , the driver is charged with an open container violation . He also said because marijuana is still federally illegal , people breaking the law have problems even when they leave Las Vegas .
`` Even though it is legal in Nevada , in terms of college students , if you are a college student and you are getting a federal loan or grant if you get a drug charge you can lose your student loan , '' he said . `` That goes the same for government housing too . ''
Trooper Smaka said a drug charge could also stop people from being able to purchase a firearm .
McCarran International Airport has also figuring out how to juggle legal weed . They are on federal mandates , so while people can have pot right down the street , they absolutely can not have it anywhere at the airport . So the airport came up with a new way to gently remind people of that law .
`` What we did is we installed these amnesty boxes . When we first installed the amnesty boxes people were like , 'Oh the airport just wants to steal your marijuana , '' Christine Crews joked . `` No . Quite the contrary . We would much rather you leave it at home . But if for some reason you forget , we do have the amnesty boxes . ''
Christine Crews , the Public Information Administrator for McCarran International Airport said overall , they have not had a problem . She said there have been a few citations , but no arrests . She said the only citations she knows about come when people are caught with weed and still refuse to throw it away . If people are caught , they could face a misdemeanor charge and then have to come back to Las Vegas for court . Crews said do n't think about checking it either , if a bag is randomly searched and marijuana is found , they 'll take the weed and mail a citation , and the owner will once again be back in Las Vegas , but for court .
`` Our law enforcement has the discretion to ask people to surrender their items and put the marijuana into the amnesty boxed and 99 percent of the time , these problems work out without issue . ''
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
ABC News ( SANTA ROSE , Calif. ) — Art healing the pain of loss : That 's what one California man hopes he is doing in the wake of the wildfire that scorched Sonoma County last year .
Gregory Roberts , who runs the Art Department at Sonoma State University , is taking the ashes from the charred remains of homes residents bring him and turning each bag of ashes into a glazed container , ABC station KGO reported .
The containers are based on Santa Rosa 's famous Fountaingrove Round Barn .
It is part of Gregory 's “ Sonoma Ash Project . ”
Roberts , an expert on ceramics , went on social media asking wildfire victims to bring him their ashes for transformation into clay .
“ Dogs , pets , my grandparent 's ashes were lost and might be in here , somewhere… , ” Roberts told KGO of the bags he has received .
Many of the bags come with notes telling him how the ash might be saved from specific rooms or special places . In some cases , the ashes have been from where a pet disappeared , of from where a family stored the remains of a loved one .
“ I always wanted to be a village potter , ” Roberts told KGO . “ I just want people to have something beautiful to hold from what they have lost . ”
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
The Vegas Golden Knights open the Stanley Cup Playoffs versus the L.A. Kings Wednesday , but fans wo n't need to buy a ticket to get in on the excitement .
The Vegas Golden Knights are scheduled to host a watch party for Game 5 against the Winnipeg Jets during the Stanley Cup Playoffs at Toshiba Plaza on May 20 .
According to a statement from the team , the cost of admission is free and the public is encouraged to arrive at least one hour before the game starts . The puck is scheduled to drop at 12 p.m .
Across the street from Toshiba Plaza , Bliss Dance and the area next to Beerhaus will also be airing the game , the Golden Knights said .
Those who attend the watch party will have a chance to win prizes and take part in the usual activities that take place at Toshiba Plaza during home games , according to the Knights .
The Golden Knights said there will be face painting , corn hole , a shooting cage , and the March to the Fortress game .
For fans that can not make it to the watch party at Toshiba Plaza , the game will be aired at Henderson Pavilion at 200 S. Green Valley Parkway .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
A man has died after getting into an argument at a party in North Las Vegas late Sunday night .
According to North Las Vegas police , one of the men pulled out a gun and fired at the victim . The victim was taken to a nearby hospital where he later died of his injuries . Police said he suffered a gunshot wound to the torso .
The incident happened just before 11:00 p.m. at a trailer park in the 2000 block of East Tonopah Avenue , near East Lake Mead Boulevard and Civic Center Drive . The victim got into a fight with 19-year-old Fernando Corales , police said . When he shot the victim , Hugo Lopez , 27 , came outside and also shot at the victim .
Corales and Lopez were booked for charges of murder with a deadly weapon and attempted murder with a deadly weapon , respectively .
The Coroner 's Office will release the identity , and cause and manner of death , pending notification of next of kin .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump accelerated his ambitious bid to roll back financial regulation Tuesday , signing into law a measure killing a Securities and Exchange Commission rule aimed at weeding out corruption in the energy industry .
The rule in question is a requirement of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial overhaul , and was completed in the final months of former President Barack Obama 's administration . It requires energy companies to disclose publicly their payments to governments for the rights to extract oil , gas and minerals .
Tuesday 's move is a significant victory for industry groups like the American Petroleum Institute , which have fought the SEC rule for years , arguing it makes it harder for U.S. to compete against oil companies from other countries that are n't subject to the regulation .
Supporters said the rule is designed to address the “ resource curse , ” in which oil and mineral wealth in resource-rich developing countries flows to government officials and the upper classes rather than to the poor . Advocates said making the payments transparent would make those governments more accountable to their own populations and cut back on corruption .
Trump said overturning the regulation would create American jobs . “ It 's a big deal , ” Trump said in an Oval Office signing ceremony . “ The energy jobs are coming back . Lots of people going back to work now . ”
An expanded version of this story can be found at WSJ.com
Popular on WSJ.com :
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's brother killed in Malaysia
Mike Flynn 's brief White House stint caps contentious career
Cumberland ( 4-8 , 3-3 Mid-South ) ended the regular season with the loss and will play again Friday in the Mid-South Conference Championships in Bowling Green , Ky .
The Patriots ( 13-7 , 5-1 ) won all three doubles outings to begin the match , with the fifth-ranked duo of Isabella Dale and Jaclyn Jewell defeating Jecker and Ainhoa Garjio Garrido , 8-4 , at No . 1 . Denee Lyttle and Luka Lyttle posted an 8-1 victory at No . 3 over Beleń Salazar Yańez and Trinidad Aguirre before Maria Ochoa and Marian Bogajo pulled out a 9-7 win at No . 3 versus Sarah Edwards and Ferrando Pea .
Dale , ranked eighth nationally in singles , recorded a 7-6 , 6-2 , victory at No . 1 against 27th-ranked Garjio Garrido and Denee Lyttle defeated Jasmine Shankar , 6-3 , 6-3 , at No . 4 to clinch the team victory .
Ferrando Pea collected a 6-2 , 7-6 ( 2 ) win at No . 2 against Ochoa and Jecker outlasted Jewell at No . 3 , 7-6 ( 6 ) , 3-6 , 7-6 ( 6 ) .
The Cumberlands finished the match with Luka Lyttle posting a 6-1 , 6-3 , win at No . 5 against Edwards and Bogajo registering a 6-1 , 3-6 , 10-8 , victory at No . 6 over Aguirre .
New Detroit Piston Blake Griffin is making his first appearance on the big screen in a movie called The Female Brain , which comes out on Friday .
It 's a romantic comedy about the science behind how men and women interpret the different elements of a relationship , and it 's written and directed by Whitney Cummings . In addition to starring Cummings , Griffin , Sofía Vergara and James Marsden , Cecily Strong is in it , and she joined Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show to talk about it . ( They start around the 4:40-mark . )
Strong — best known for Saturday Night Live — plays one of the couples the movie focuses on , and her husband is Griffin , who plays a basketball player . She told Fallon that Griffin is really very funny and joked she 's not just saying that because she 's promoting the movie .
Fallon and Strong start talking about The Female Brain toward the end of the interview , and they then watch a scene with Strong and Griffin . The former Clipper was in a brief clip in the movie trailer , but this is a longer version of the scene where Griffin hilariously refers to himself as “ a physical marvel . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NORTH KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- North Kansas City wants you to feel the warmth this winter , which is why they are giving out free hats and scarves to anyone who wants them .
For the second time this year , the North Kansas City Business Council teamed up with Parks and Rec to hang up handmade scarves and hats on the fences of Dagg and Macken Parks . Anyone passing by - especially a child - who is cold can take one and keep it .
In January they put out 40 hats and scarves . On Monday they put up more than 200 .
Many in the community who know how to knit are answering the call to help .
`` As a crocheter myself , I know crocheters and knitters are always looking for ways to get rid of their extra yarn and so when they see something like this they are on it immediately , they are like , scarves , hats , we can knock those out in no time , '' Jennifer Keller with NKC Business Council said .
The hats and scarves will stay on the fence for about a week . Any leftovers will go to the North Kansas City Police department so they can hand them out to the homeless .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Company announces New COO , SVP Global Operations and expansion into APAC
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - Madison Logic , the global leader in Account Based Marketing , today announced key changes to the company 's executive leadership team as well as an expansion of the company 's international presence with a new office in Singapore . Madison Logic is poised to serve clients at a global level and to acquire new business at home and abroad , furthering the strategic growth plans , which were invigorated by Clarion Capital Partners ' acquisition of the company at the end of November 2016 .
Vin Turk , co-founder of the company , will assume the role of Chief Operating Officer . As COO , Vin will be instrumental in ensuring the success of Activate ABM™ , Madison Logic 's account based marketing platform , through new strategic partnerships and operational excellence . Previously , Vin was responsible for overseeing the growth of the company 's data initiatives and global operations .
Matt Friedland joins the company as SVP Global Operations with more than 20 years ' experience leading large-scale operations for a variety of global companies . In his new role , Matt will manage the company 's customer success and account management teams , ensuring operational excellence worldwide . Matt will be instrumental in driving ROI for Madison Logic 's clients by ensuring the creation of powerful and effective account based marketing programs .
Responding to the global demand for ABM , Madison Logic is furthering its expansion into Asia by opening a new Singapore office . This office will support the success of account based marketing programs across APAC as well as providing its global customers greater reach within these geographies . Madison Logic is also growing its Ireland-based satellite company , Internal Results , with two new executive hires .
`` Our rapid growth is evidence that Account Based Marketing ( ABM ) works for B2B marketers on a global scale and our data-driven approach has proven to be relevant for an expanding set of clients in the U.S. and abroad , '' said Tom O'Regan , Madison Logic 's CEO . `` In 2017 , the need for ABM will continue to be strong in the U.S. , while expanding rapidly in Europe and Asia . With Vin Turk 's new role , Matt coming on board , the new hires in Ireland , and the establishment of our Singapore office , Madison Logic is well-positioned to run ABM programs that have a truly global reach and scale for both domestic and international clients . ''
About Madison Logic
Madison Logic is the global leader in Account Based Marketing . Our B2B marketing technology platform , Activate ABM™ , unifies targeted advertising and content syndication with attribution metrics to show measurable return on investment . As the only comprehensive global ABM platform built for B2B marketers , it leverages unmatched proprietary data , reach , and scale to identify , engage , and convert prospective accounts . With Madison Logic , B2B marketers can easily gain insights into their target accounts to personalize their message , optimize their programs , and inform their sales and marketing strategy . Madison Logic is a global company based in New York City and additional information can be found at www.madisonlogic.com and @ madisonlogic
Taking Chances : Arinze continues to excel in athletics and academics
By Edison Jefford
Guyanese sprint prodigy , Arinze Chance , who is one of the finest products to have emerged from the National Schools Championship , continues to take his chances in Trinidad and Tobago where he is excelling in both
athletics and academics .
The 22-year-old former representative of North Georgetown , student at Bishops ' High and Queen 's College , and athlete at the Police Progressive Youth Club , is now enrolled on a partial athletics scholarship at the University of Trinidad and Tobago ( UTT ) .
The naturally endowed Chance just recently lowered his personal best ( PB ) time in the 300-metre at a national Development Meet that was held at the Larry Gomes Stadium in Trinidad . The 33.7 time suggests Chance 's continued improvement .
“ It 's an improvement that I 'm happy about . He has been training really hard ; in the morning and afternoons , ” Chance 's father , Phillip Chance told Kaieteur Sport yesterday . The proud father said that some systematic changes have helped his son .
He indicated that Arinze has an entire team of professionals at UTT , who work to get him to the desired level of competition . Those include nutritionists , physiotherapists and coaches , who work with the University-based athlete consistently .
“ He has improved since moving to Trinidad to attend University . I think the training over there is lacking here to some extent because ; for instance , his nutrition is different , and that is something I never saw them ( Coaches ) paying attention to here , ” Chance said .
Arinze was second for UTT Fast Track in the 300m behind Alpha Athletic Club 's , Tacuma Sterling who ran 33.36 . The performance was an impressive season-opening mark for Chance because his previous PB was 34.65 , which he achieved last year .
The time has been listed as a new school record . The time adds to his 400m record of 46.81s at the same institution . In addition to his continued athletics improvement , Arinze is also doing well in school where he is majoring in Petroleum Engineering .
“ He is very disciplined and I think that is paying off for him , ” Phillip said . Asked if Arinze plans to return home after completing his programme , Phillip answered in the affirmative , more so with Guyana 's emerging oil and gas sector as an incentive .
Arinze will compete tomorrow at the Secondary and Tertiary Relay Carnival in Trinidad , which is a selection precursor for the Penn Relays in April . Chance will also compete at the University Games in Taiwan and University of the West Indies Games in Barbados in the first half of 2017 , which are expected to provide further evidence of his improvement .
Once he continues to get better , Chance could be among the candidates to support for the 2020 Olympic Games in Osaka , Japan . Arinze 's primary events are the 200m and 400m races with the outstanding student-athlete Olympic chance more existent in the 400m .
Eager to test himself after an unexpectedly long layoff , Menlo School junior Robert Miranda exceeded expectations Saturday at the California Winter Track and Field Championships in Arcadia .
The 16-year-old crossed the finish line more than a second ahead of the runner-up to claim a state title in the boys 3,000 meters .
“ He was very hungry to get out there and start racing again , ” Menlo coach Jorge Chen said . “ And early indications show that he 's right on track , no pun intended there , in order of making it to state finals hopefully this year in June . ”
Technically representing the Menlo iGreyhounds Track Club because competition within the Central Coast Section is n't sanctioned until next week , Miranda could n't wait to lace up his shoes for a race .
A stress fracture suffered in September kept him from competing in cross-country during the fall . A state qualifier as a sophomore , Miranda was cleared just prior to the postseason .
Instead , he opted to remain a spectator after consulting with his coach . The idea of going from zero to peak in his training regimen within a one-week span carried too many risks .
“ It just was n't going to happen , so Jorge and I just said , ‘ You know what ? It 's not worth it , ' ” Miranda said . “ ‘ Let 's just take the time , be smart about it , recover and then come back slowly . ' So from there I 've just been building up base and building up miles and getting back into shape . And then on Saturday in the 3K , it was the first field test of my fitness . ”
The field consisted of 24 runners and Miranda trailed at the end of the first lap .
“ It was a really crowded race , ” said Miranda , who methodically climbed back into contention . “ Anytime there is a race at Arcadia , there is going to be so much competition , so the strategy was just to hang up there in the lead pack . And for me that meant just trying to stay in contention because there are so many runners and that means there is so much traffic and you have to weave your way in and out of runners . ”
Once the pace began to pick up in the last couple of laps , Miranda kicked into another gear .
He moved into second place with about 300 meters left , then emptied the gas tank .
“ He had this kick that most 800 meters have , instead of distance runners , ” Chen said .
With a time of 8:51.14 , Miranda currently ranks No . 1 in the state and No . 34 nationally in the 3,000 meters .
But crossing the finish line was the main goal .
“ Being able to come back and just race — let alone win a race — is a huge weight off my shoulders , ” Miranda said . “ And I 'm just extremely grateful to Jorge for always pushing me . He 's been such a great coach and he 's always there . His enthusiasm never wavered , he 's always believed in me . When I could n't run , when I was hurt , he always said that I 'm going to come back and be able to run well in track .
“ And now I still have a long way to go in my track season , but I set myself up for a lot of success . ”
The plan is to race the 3,200 meters for the first time at the K-Bell Track and Field Classic on March 11 , where an early showdown with Bellarmine junior Meika Beaudoin-Rousseau is anticipated .
The two of them , along with St. Francis junior Shyam Kumar and Palo Alto senior Kent Slaney , are among the top Central Coast Section contenders to qualify for state in the event .
Until then , it 's more training — likely in the rain .
“ A couple of weeks ago the track that we train on was just flooded , ” Miranda said . “ The entire inside lane had an inch of standing water on it , so it 's definitely been something to get used to , but it 's also par for the course , I guess . ”
Miranda did n't make the trip alone to Arcadia .
In the girls 800 sprint medley relays , a quarter of Menlo teammates reached the podium with a sixth-place finish in 1:54.54 .
Off the blocks , it was junior Electa Narasin . She handed the baton to sophomore Lauren Hamilton , who also sprinted for 100 meters . Then it was up to senior Sophia Donovan in the 200-meter portion of the race . The anchor was freshman Kyra Petre with an entire lap around the track .
While the relay did n't win , it did influence things to come .
“ Coming into the race , you 're a little nervous , ” Miranda said . “ I had n't run in a while , so you just do n't know . I just want to go . But then you see your training partners like Sophia go out and absolutely crush the 200 . And after that , it 's just like , ‘ Well , OK , if they do that , then I have to show up . ' ”
“ After Sophia 's leg , we were tied for first , ” Chen said . “ That was a very exciting race to watch . That race definitely fired everyone up , and apparently Rob , as well . It was definitely a great race to start the day with , and then the rest was kind of history from there . ”
Also representing the Menlo iGreyhounds TC was Harker senior Niki Iyer , who broke the meet record in the girls 3,000 meters by 16 seconds .
But the defending CCS champion in the 3,200 meters and third-place finisher at state was forced to settle for runner-up status , as her time of 10:05.95 was bested by Citrus Valley-Redlands senior Claire Graves , who nearly cracked 10 minutes to take first in 10:00.05 .
“ If she wanted to win that race , she could 've potentially had done it , ” Chen said . “ But my goal for her because it 's so early on in the season , it 's for her to get her pacing down more so than actually racing to win , so it was more like a tempo workout for her . I know it sounds a little bit weird , but we have a purpose behind each race . ”
Disney Licensed Publishing and IDW Media Holdings Combine Forces For New All-Ages Star Wars Comics
SAN DIEGO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Just announced on the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel at STAR WARS CELEBRATION in Orlando , Disney Licensed Publishing , an imprint of Disney Book Group , LLC , has granted IDW Publishing , a subsidiary of IDW Media Holdings ( OTCQX : IDWM ) , the license to create and publish new Star Wars comic books aimed at younger readers .
`` Lucasfilm is thrilled to expand our relationship with the talented and creative folks at IDW to bring Star Wars comics to kids , '' said Michael Siglain , Creative Director of Lucasfilm Publishing . `` IDW has an incredible pedigree of talent , and we look forward to working with them on the creation of these fun , action-packed adventures that span the entire Star Wars saga . ''
The launch title , Star Wars Adventures , is timed for Fall 2017 , and part of the `` Journey to Star Wars : The Last Jedi '' publishing program , which will release an exciting array of content leading-up to the next cinematic chapter in the ongoing space saga .
IDW 's Chief Creative Officer , Chris Ryall , said `` IDW has long sought to offer the next generation of comic book fans ample reading choices , and being able to provide Star Wars comics aimed directly at that audience is a massive thrill . Disney has been a great collaborator with us and we 're very excited to delve into this particular corner of the galaxy . ''
This new deal between Disney Licensed Publishing and IDW will build upon the already strong relationship they share , having previously published reprint Star Wars content in a variety of formats such as Micro Collectors Fun Packs , and the award-winning Artist 's Editions . In addition , a series of new collections of classic Star Wars newspaper strips will be available beginning in May .
Storyline details and creative teams for Star Wars Adventures will be made public in a future announcement .
About IDW
IDW Media Holdings , Inc. ( OTCQX : IDWM ) is a fully integrated media company , which includes publishing , games , entertainment , and the San Diego Comic Art Gallery .
IDW Publishing 's comic book and graphic novel catalog includes some of the world 's most popular entertainment brands , including Transformers , My Little Pony , Star Trek , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Ghostbusters , and Disney 's classic characters . At IDW 's core is its commitment to creator-owned comics including 30 Days of Night , Locke & Key , Wormwood , Ragnarök , V-Wars , and Archangel by bestselling sci-fi author William Gibson .
IDW Publishing is also home to the acclaimed and award-winning imprints ; Top Shelf , The Library of American Comics , Yoe ! Books , and Artist Editions , showcasing the greatest original art ever published in American comic books .
IDW Games ' diverse line-up includes the international phenomenon Machi Koro , as well as hit licensed games such as X-Files , Back to the Future , The Godfather , and TMNT .
IDW Entertainment serves as the worldwide distributor of Wynonna Earp airing on the Syfy Channel in the U.S. and is producing BBC America 's Dirk Gently , based on the bestseller by Douglas Adams starring Elijah Wood and Sam Barnett .
About Lucasfilm
Lucasfilm , STAR WARS and related properties are trademarks and/or copyrights , in the United States and other countries , of Lucasfilm Ltd. and/or its affiliates . © & TM Lucasfilm Ltd .
All statements above that are not purely about historical facts , including , but not limited to , those in which we use the words `` believe , '' `` anticipate , '' `` expect , '' `` plan , '' `` intend , '' `` estimate , '' `` target '' and similar expressions , are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment of what may happen in the future , actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied by these statements due to numerous important factors . Our filings with the SEC provide detailed information on such statements and risks , and should be consulted along with this release . To the extent permitted under applicable law , we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements .
For all media inquiries , please contact :
TAMPA — For the next two weeks or so , Didi Gregorius wo n't be a starting shortstop .
Gregorius is leaving Tuesday to take part in the World Baseball Classic , where he expects to split time at short with Andrelton Simmons on the Netherlands team , which opens play in South Korea .
There 's no debate in Tampa as Gregorius enters his third season with the Yankees . Though now , in addition to answering questions about what it 's been like to replace Derek Jeter , Gregorius knows there are prospects like Gleyber Torres coming up through the Yankees system .
And still , those Jeter questions remain .
“ It 's always there , ” Gregorius said Monday at Steinbrenner Field , of playing in Jeter 's shadow . “ No matter what I do , you guys are gon na compare me to [ him ] . It 's never gon na go away . It 's a game of comparisons . Maybe when he played , he got compared to someone else . ”
Gregorius ' play a year ago put to rest any lingering doubt that he could be an everyday shortstop , but that will change in the WBC . He 'll be a part of a stacked infield that will include Simmons from the Angels as well as Baltimore 's Jonathan Schoop , Boston 's Xander Bogaerts and Texas ' Jurickson Profar .
“ I think we 're gon na flip-flop at short , ” Gregorius said of him and Simmons .
Growing up in Curacao playing on the same teams , Simmons kept Gregorius at second base until he was 16 . Gregorius did n't rule out moving back to second for the tournament ; Bogaerts will be at third , Schoop at second and Profar either at first or in the outfield .
Gregorius skipped the last WBC , in 2013 , due to an elbow injury , but he was part of the team that won the Baseball World Cup in 2011 .
With Gregorius away from the Yankees during the heart of spring training , Joe Girardi said he 'll use several options at short — from prospects such as Torres , Jorge Mateo and Tyler Wade , to potential utility players for this season , Ronald Torreyes and Ruben Tejada .
Gregorius welcomes the challenge from Torres that may lie ahead .
“ I 'm just gon na play my game , ” Gregorius said . “ That 's all I can do . Why worry about something I ca n't control ? It 's always good to have competition . … I 'm not gon na be mad . ”
But he remains focused on 2017 and has lofty expectations for a team in transition .
“ You really want to know what 's in my mind ? ” Gregorius said when the topic of goals came up . “ Win the ring . We have a good , young team with hungry guys who want to show what they 've got . Everybody 's counting us out like all these years . We keep giving them a scare . ”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
Ryan Mayer
It 's been a whirlwind 24 hours for Roseanne Barr , whose hit show “ Roseanne ” was cancelled yesterday by ABC after the star 's racist tweet that was directed at Valerie Jarrett , a former aide of President Barack Obama .
Barr has since blamed her behavior on the sleep aid Ambien . The revelation came in a storm of tweets from Barr early Wednesday morning , which included responses to “ Roseanne ” cast members who tweeted out statements of their own after the cancelation . First , Michael Fishman , who played D.J . Connor on the show , tweeted that Tuesday 's chain of events made the day among the hardest in his life .
“ I feel devastated , not for the end of the Roseanne show , but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs , and the audience that welcomed us into their homes . Our cast , crew , writers , and production staff strived for inclusiveness , with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness . The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved , ” he wrote . “ I condemn these statements vehemently . They are reprehensible and intolerable , contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society . ”
He added : “ We must stand up against bias , hatred , bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all . ”
That prompted Roseanne to accuse Fishman of throwing her under the bus . “ I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it . ME . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ” she wrote .
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https : //t.co/hViHPX2ZUb . You throw me under the bus . nice ! — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
Minutes later , Barr responded to tweets from , Sara Gilbert , who portrayed Roseanne 's daughter , Darlene Connor . Gilbert posted earlier Tuesday , “ Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . ”
Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . — sara gilbert ( @ THEsaragilbert ) May 29 , 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us , as we 've created a show that we believe in , are proud of , and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member . — sara gilbert ( @ THEsaragilbert ) May 29 , 2018
Barr also seemed stunned by Gilbert 's admonition , writing , “ Wow ! unreal. ” in response to Gilbert .
Wow ! unreal . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
The actress did apologize via her Twitter account for the original tweet that set all of these events in motion yesterday and deleted the racist tweet . Earlier Wednesday , she attempted to explain that , “ I 'm not a racist , just an idiot who made a bad joke . ”
Roseanne is definitely not off Twitter despite her statement yesterday that she was leaving it . And her “ Ambien tweeting ” line has users describing every odd ( non-racist ) thing they 've done while on the sleep drug . @ therealroseanne pic.twitter.com/VAEbSxYYbc — Jennifer Jacobs ( @ JenniferJJacobs ) May 30 , 2018
After blaming Ambien for her behavior , the actress later deleted her references to the drug .
The manufacturer of the drug responded to Barr 's tweets Wednesday morning .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — This week 's Excellent Educator has been credited with not only impacting lives , but saving lives .
Donnell Gibson , or “ Mr . D , ” works at Como Park Senior High in St. Paul . All that led up to him becoming an educator could be the makings of a movie — from a childhood of homelessness to his heroic actions in a fire . How he uses those experiences to motivate young men makes Gibson an Excellent Educator .
As a behavior intervention specialist , Gibson says his job is to help students with life , so they can focus on school .
“ They are trying to figure it out just like some adults , and I give them a better picture to not give up that people do n't understand that you are trying to figure it out right now , because it 's a step before being an adult , ” he said .
He reaches boys through basketball as head coach for the school 's junior varsity team .
“ Everything in life relates to basketball , so even if you 're not a basketball player you know something about the game and you can bring that concept into their personal life and they can relate to it , ” he said .
He had dreams to start a rec center for the teens , but those plans changed one April day in 2015 . He ran into a burning house three times to save a family of 10 . St. Paul Fire Chief and the city 's mayor presented him with the Fire Department 's highest honor for his life-saving heroics .
“ It was probably one of the most dramatic things in my life , ” Gibson said . “ The family I saved was from a different culture , so when you have to understand the cultural bearers it makes you think differently , and it makes you think deeper . And the deeper I thought , it opened up my eyes . ”
The experience forced Gibson to think about his goals .
“ I had to take away the tunnel vision and see that there is a bigger horizon out there ; I ca n't just look at sports . It 's life , it 's survival , it 's relationships , ” Gibson said .
So , instead of a rec center , he started the Gibson Foundation , a program that mentors young , African-American , inner city men through motivational speakers , college tours and , of course , basketball .
“ I 'm everything they are , ” he said . “ I come from humble beginnings , being lost , trying to figure it out . ”
Growing up in St. Paul , Gibson experienced bouts of homelessness , but he found inspiration from an educator in his life , his high school principal .
“ She did n't see anything in me but greatness , and even now I see that she gave me the opportunity to see it in myself , ” he said .
Now he 's helping youth see their own greatness .
If you have an Excellent Educator you would like to nominate , click here .
Keith Carradine has had a storied career in Hollywood . The longtime actor and musician won an Oscar for his song “ I 'm Easy ” from the 1976 movie Nashville worked alongside stars such as Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig and is going into his fourth season as President Conrad Dalton on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary . Carradine has been a part of many great TV shows and movies , but he says nothing compares to his experience on Madam Secretary
“ Tea Leoni is the best of the best , she sets the tone for everyone , ” Carradine told CBS Local . “ I 'm so happy to come to work and do the work . The work gets done efficiently , but joyfully . We are presenting political people and public servants in a light that we would like to see things be . ”
Carradine 's ties with CBS run deep , as he 's also been a recurring character on The Big Bang Theory , where he plays Penny Hofstadter 's father Wyatt . While the Oscar winner is not known his comedic background , the writers of the show have ensured that Carradine leaves the audience laughing .
“ Big Bang Theory is one of the best formats imaginable for an actor. ” “ I love to do comedy . It 's not necessarily what I 'm known for , but when you walk into that environment they are going to make you funny . ”
Carradine was always destined for the screen as both his father and his brother were in the business . While the co-star of ‘ Madam Secretary , ' has a long list of credits , he knows winning an Oscar will always define him .
“ It was an amazing moment , it was kind of an out-of-body experience to be told I had won and be handed that statue by Angie Dickinson and Burt Bacharach . Angie and I have remained friends ever since . It was extraordinary and unexpected . ”
Catch Keith as President Dalton in the Season 4 premiere of Madam Secretary Sunday , October 8th at 10pm eastern .
Welcome to FTW Explains : a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world . You may have heard that rappers Drake and Pusha T are beefing . Why are they so mad at each other ? Let FTW explain…
I know who Drake is , but who is Pusha T ?
Casual fans of rap may not know much about Pusha T , but he 's not exactly a nobody . He 's probably best known as a member of The Clipse , a rap duo he formed with his brother . He has long been associated with Kanye West , and is currently signed to his label GOOD Music , and recording artist/producer Pharrell Williams . Pusha T is a talented lyricist who typically raps about his drug-dealing past . He hails from Virginia .
How did all of this start ?
Pusha T is definitely the instigator . Last week , he dropped his latest album Daytona , which featured a track titled “ Infrared ” that includes several lines aimed at Drake…
The lyric pennin ' equal the Trumps winnin'/
The bigger question is how the Russians did it/
It was written like Nas , but it came from Quentin … How could you ever right these wrongs/
When you do n't even write your songs ?
“ Quentin ” being Quentin Miller , who allegedly worked as a ghostwriter for Drake .
Believe in myself and the Coles and Kendricks/
Let the sock puppets play in their roles and gimmicks , [ expletive ]
Pusha T is essentially calling Drake a corporate sellout , while putting himself in the company of purer rap artists like J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar .
How did Drake respond ?
It did n't take long . Several hours after Daytona dropped , Drake released his response “ Duppy Freestyle . ”
In it , Drake mocks Pusha T for exaggerating his aforementioned drug-dealing past…
Man , you might 've sold to college kids for Nike and Mercedes
But you act like you sold drugs for Escobar in the '80s
Takes a shot at Kanye West , who produced Daytona…
So if you rebuke me for workin ' with someone else on a couple of Vs/
What do you really think of the [ expletive ] that 's makin ' your beats ?
And accuses the Virginia rapper of using his fame to sell records…
Tell ‘ Ye , “ We got a invoice comin ' to you ”
Considerin ' that we just sold another 20 for you
The track was considered another win for Drake . It even got a co-sign from Snoop .
Snoop Dogg 's response to Duppy Freestyle is priceless though . 😂👌 pic.twitter.com/YoHtxRBmsZ — UrbanNoize2 ( @ UrbanNoize2 ) May 26 , 2018
So Drake is winning ?
Whoa , whoa , whoa . He may have been winning , but then Pusha T released “ The Story of Adidon , ” and the momentum quickly and significantly shifted . This was n't your run-of-the-mill diss track where the rappers take potshots at one another based on public knowledge . Pusha clearly did some digging and got super personal on this one .
It starts with the artwork . It 's a 2008 photo of Drake posing in blackface ( and it 's real ) , which goes with one of the major themes of the track : Drake being bi-racial has affected his psyche throughout his life . He raps…
Confused , always felt you were n't Black enough
Afraid to grow it 'cause your ‘ fro would n't nap enough
He also brings up Drake 's dad ( Dennis Graham ) , who left Drake 's mother ( Sandi ) when the Canadian rapper was 5 years old…
Dennis Graham stay off the gram , [ expletive ] , I 'm on one/
You mention wedding ring like it 's a bad thing/
Your father walked away at five , hell of a dad thing/
Marriage is somethin ' that Sandi never had , Drake/
How you a winner , but she keeps comin ' in last place ?
Pusha stays on the parenting theme , accusing Drake of being a bad parent…
We 're talkin ' character , let me keep with the facts/
You are hiding a child , let that boy come home/
Deadbeat [ expletive ] , playin ' border patrol , ooh
He claims the child 's name is Adonis , which is close to the name of Drake 's new Adidas sneaker line “ Adidon . ”
Adonis is your son/
And he deserves more than an Adidas press run , that 's real/
Love that baby , respect that girl
Like I said , it got pretty personal . Pusha told The Breakfast Club that he decided go to so low after Drake mentioned his fiancee 's name on “ Duppy Freestlye . ”
Has Drake responded ?
Not yet . But given the response “ Story of Adidon ” has received , he 's almost obligated to do so . Stay tuned .
OTTAWA — The Canadian Real Estate Association says there was a 1.3 per cent decline in home sales between December and January , in part because of a shortage of listings .
It says the number of newly listed homes dropped 6.7 per cent in January — the second monthly decline — and the inventory of homes for sale was at a six-year low in both January and December .
CREA says the number of transactions was down in about half of all local markets from month to month , with the biggest declines in the Toronto , Vancouver and Montreal areas .
Still , January sales were up year-over-year in about two-thirds of all housing markets .
The MLS home price index — which adjusts for sales of different types of housing — was up 15 per cent from January 2016 .
The Canadian Press
Cops were on the hunt Monday for a woman suspected of performing an oral sex act on a man in broad daylight inside a Pennsylvania McDonald 's dining room earlier this year , with a warrant now out for her arrest .
Christine Chafin , 37 , was charged with open lewdness and disorderly conduct in May this year after being kicked out of the popular family restaurant in York by an employee , who later called state police .
The man suspected in the act , 30-year-old Conrad Jablecki , was quickly located by police and charged with indecent exposure , open lewdness and disorderly conduct . He has since appeared in court and was released , while Chafin failed to turn up for her July 21 arraignment , triggering a bench warrant for her arrest .
A public information officer for the Pennsylvania State Police confirmed to Fox News that as of late Monday afternoon , the warrant remains active and was issued by York county police , who are now handling the case .
Chafin managed to escape after police were called . Her identity was later revealed after police called on anyone with information to come forward . She is believed to be a Maryland resident , and the mother of one young boy .
However , this is n't the first brush with the law for either suspect . Chafin 's record is reported to include convictions for driving under the influence of a controlled substance , marijuana possession and careless driving , while Jablecki has been convicted of public drunkenness , disorderly conduct and exposing himself to a child on a beach .
While more information comes out about musician Prince 's death , new research is coming out on alternatives to help stem the opioid crisis
A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed the painkiller oxycodone under the name of Prince 's friend to protect the musician 's privacy , according to court documents unsealed Monday that revealed nothing about how the pop superstar got the fentanyl that actually killed him .
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince 's death continues . The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park , cellphone records of Prince 's associates , and Prince 's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl , a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin .
They do n't reveal answers , but do shed light on Prince 's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before he died . Oxycodone , the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin , was not listed as a cause of Prince 's death . But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation 's overdose and addiction epidemic , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids , including oxycodone , in 2014 .
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21 .
Just six days earlier , Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as he was returning home from a concert in Atlanta . First responders revived him with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose .
A search of Prince 's home yielded numerous pills in various containers . Some were in prescription bottles for Kirk Johnson , Prince 's longtime friend and associate . Some pills in other bottles were marked “ Watson 853 , ” a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone . Last August , an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl , meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation .
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered , authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California , the documents unsealed Monday show . The day before Prince died , Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help .
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg , a family doctor who saw Prince April 7 , 2016 , and again on April 20 , acknowledged to authorities that he prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing “ but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson 's name for Prince 's privacy . ”
Authorities also searched Johnson 's cellphone records , to see who he was communicating with in the month before Prince died .
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson were n't immediately returned Monday . Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing family medicine in Minnesota . His attorney , Amy Conners , told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on his license .
Investigators have n't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died , an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony , that step has n't been taken , the official said .
Prince did not have a cellphone , and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him , as they tried to determine who he was communicating with and where he got the drugs that killed him , according to the search warrants . The search warrants do n't reveal the outcome of the email searches .
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince 's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “ Peter Bravestrong ” on it . Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled . The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song “ U Got the Look ” that appeared to be in Prince 's handwriting .
The day before Prince died , Paisley Park staffers contacted California addiction specialist Dr. Howard Kornfeld for help . Kornfeld sent his son , Andrew , to Minnesota that night , and the younger Kornfeld was among those who found Prince 's body .
Andrew Kornfeld was carrying buprenorphine , a medication that can be used to help treat opioid addiction . The Kornfelds ' attorney , William Mauzy , has said Andrew had intended to give the medication to a doctor who planned to see Prince on April 21 .
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year , other than it is active . The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California , as authorities have interviewed friends , family and any potential witnesses , including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane .
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained . Cambridge Analytica , whose clients included Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission .
Facebook Chief Information Security Officer Alex Stamos is reportedly leaving after disagreements over how the social media network should handle the spread of disinformation , the New York Times reported .
Stamos has been a strong advocate for disclosing Russian activity on Facebook . People familier with the situation told the Times he said he would leave the company back in December , but was persuaded to stay through August .
`` There are a lot of big problems that the big tech companies need to be better at fixing . We have collectively been too optimistic about what we build and our impact on the world , '' he tweeted Saturday .
Facebook did not immediately return CNBC 's request for comment .
NORMAN , Okla. ( AP ) -- All those film sessions with the coach are paying off for super freshman Trae Young .
Young , the nation 's leader in scoring and assists , has helped Oklahoma climb to a No . 12 ranking heading into Saturday 's game at Texas . The 6-foot-2 point guard has thrived in coach Lon Kruger 's offense . The Sooners are leading the nation in scoring at 90.7 points a game .
Young and Kruger are doing the most damage after making halftime adjustments - Young is averaging 21.3 points on 52.9 percent shooting during the second half of league games .
Kruger has given Young freedom in the offense but reins him in when necessary . Young has been a willing student and is averaging 30.3 points and 9.5 assists .
'' It 's a very close relationship , '' Young said . '' We watch film all the time . Even after good games , we watch film and we pick out just the bad parts in the game and stuff I can get better at because I 'm not at my peak yet . I feel like I can always get better . I 'm always trying to improve , so he 's definitely helped me improve in that area . ''
Young has saved his best for thrillers at home . He scored 22 of his 27 points in the second half in a 75-65 win over Texas Tech on Jan. 9 . He had 24 points in the second half against TCU and five more in overtime in a 43-point outburst that helped Oklahoma beat the Horned Frogs 102-97 on Jan. 13 . He had 18 of his 26 after the break in an 85-80 win over Kansas on Jan. 23 . On Tuesday , he scored 31 of his 44 points in the second half to help the Sooners top Baylor 98-96 .
Young said it 's all part of the plan .
'' If you watch NBA games , you 'll see James Harden or even ( Russell ) Westbrook - I 'll throw Westbrook out there , '' Young said . '' He 'll have 10 assists in the first half and only eight points but then end up with 30 and 14 because he 'll get everybody involved , and whenever everybody 's involved , you ca n't help ( defensively ) . Then , in the second half , you 're worried about everybody else , and then that will be more driving lanes for you to score . ''
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others . Since 2009 , World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19 . In Minnesota , this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism .
CANFIELD , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Saturday , more than 50 teams from 18 different schools brought their best robots to a competition at the Mahoning County Career and Technical Center .
This is the third time MCCTC has hosted a VEX Robotics Competition . Students are tasked with building and piloting robots that can do various things .
This year , the robots needed to be able to stack cones , then take them to different goals around a ring for points .
Walter Baber , engineering instructor at MCCTC , says the students have total control over how they build their robots .
“ This is 100 percent student driven . The students design , build and program their robots . They test them and troubleshoot them , and they keep engineering journals and notebooks for the robots , ” he said .
The top six teams from this event will continue on to the state tournament in Marion , Ohio .
A decade before a friend came forward trying to sell a video that he claimed showed her snorting cocaine , Vice President Joseph Biden 's daughter was busted for pot possession . Ashley ...
× Rap video filmed in Kansas brings prison sentences
WICHITA , Kan. — A rap video filmed in Kansas showing six people smoking marijuana while they possessed guns has brought a federal prison sentence for yet another participant .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office says 23-year-old Shundell C. Barkus of Wichita was sentenced Monday to four years . He had earlier pleaded guilty to one count of possession of a firearm by a user of controlled substances .
A search warrant of the Wichita home where the video was made found 2.5 pounds of marijuana and several firearms .
Co-defendants Dondre Broom was sentenced earlier to four years in prison and De'Adrian Johnson was sentenced to six months . Mario Smith is set for sentencing June 27 . Two other participants are awaiting trial .
Prosecutors say the case is part of a community outreach program called Project Safe Neighborhoods .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
4/18/17 – 5:24 A.M .
Carey 's village council wants more information before they make a decision on installing automated water and electric meter readers . The Courier reports members decided to have Verizon Wireless make a presentation about the system at 6 p.m. on May 1 .
The cost to install the meters is a little more than $ 802,000 . Village Administrator Roy Johnson says the village would fund the cost over five years . Village officials say installing the meters allows employees to focus on other work .
Some council members expressed concern over the installation costs . Others said they have concerned the equipment could lead to a rate hike in the future .
MORE : The Courier
Two of hip-hop 's biggest acts – Wiz Khalifa and Wu-Tang Clan – are set to perform onboard the USS Hornet in Alameda in May .
They are part of the Ship Show Festival , set for May 27-28 aboard the old aircraft carrier in Alameda .
More acts will be announced .
Two-day passes are $ 149- $ 249 . No word on when , or if , single-day tickets will be sold .
For more information , visit the festival website , www.ship-show.com .
A portion of the proceeds go to the USS Hornet Sea , Air and Space museum .
Follow Jim Harrington at twitter.com/jimthecritic and www.facebook.com/jim.bayareanews .
The Trump administration released limited fixes Thursday for shaky health insurance markets , but insurers quickly said those actions wo n't guarantee stability for millions of consumers now covered .
While calling it a step in the right direction , the industry is looking for a guarantee that the government will also keep paying billions in `` cost-sharing '' subsidies . And President Donald Trump says he has n't made up his mind on that .
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan holds up a copy of the American Health Care Act during a news conference with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on March 7 . Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images , file
Republicans contend that the Affordable Care Act , or ACA , is beyond repair , but their `` repeal and replace '' slogan has n't been easy to put into practice , or politically popular . So Thursday 's action was intended to keep the existing system going even as Republicans pursue a total remake .
Many of the changes follow recommendations from insurers , who wanted the government to address shortcomings with HealthCare.gov markets , including complaints that some people are gaming the system by signing up only when they get sick , and then dropping out after being treated .
Related : Trump Administration Releases it First Obamacare Rule
But the White House remained mum on the biggest concern . Insurers , doctors , hospitals and the business community have asked Trump to preserve ACA cost-sharing subsidies that pare down high deductibles and copayments for consumers with modest incomes . They 're separate from the better-known premium subsidies that most customers receive .
`` There is still too much instability and uncertainty in this market , '' Marilyn Tavenner , president of America 's Health Insurance Plans and the industry 's top lobbyist , said in a statement . `` Health plans and the consumers they serve need to know that funding for cost-sharing reduction subsidies will continue uninterrupted . ''
Estimated at $ 7 billion this year , the subsidies are under a legal cloud . Without the payments , experts say the government marketplaces that provide private insurance for about 12 million people will be overwhelmed by premium increases and insurer departures .
Related : Health Deal Could Weaken Cover for Pre-Existing Conditions
In a Wall Street Journal interview this week , Trump raised the possibility of shutting off the money if Democrats wo n't bargain on health care . But the president also said he has n't made up his mind , and said he does n't want people to get hurt .
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California called that an `` appalling threat . '' Democrats are now demanding that the issue be addressed in a must-pass spending bill due at the end of the month . The new administration has continued to make cost-sharing payments to insurers as it weighs options .
The changes announced Thursday include :
A shortened sign-up window of 45 days , starting with coverage for 2018 . That 's about half as long as the current open enrollment season .
Curbs on `` special enrollment periods '' that allow consumers to sign up outside the normal open enrollment window . Insurers say these have been too easily granted , allowing some people to sign up only when they need costly treatment .
Allowing an insurer to collect past debt for unpaid premiums from the prior 12 months before applying a consumer 's payments to a new policy .
Giving insurers more flexibility to design low-premium plans that can be tailored to young adults .
`` While these steps will help stabilize the individual and small group markets , they are not a long-term cure for the problems that the Affordable Care Act has created in our health care system , '' Seema Verma , the Trump administration official responsible for the markets , said in a statement .
Related : House Leaves for Break Without Health Care Deal
Analyst Larry Levitt of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation said the new rules will be `` meaningless '' in encouraging insurance companies to stay in the market if the government ends cost-sharing subsidy payments .
The changes come as insurers are figuring out their plans for 2018 .
Consumers likely wo n't know for certain what sort of choices they will have until late summer or early fall , a couple months before open enrollment begins .
This year saw premium increases averaging 25 percent for a standard plan in states served by HealthCare.gov . Some insurers say they 've lost hundreds of millions of dollars , and many have pulled back or are considering it .
Most communities will have competing insurers on the public marketplace next year , but a growing number will be down to one , and some areas may face having none .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz , please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows . The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017 . Winner and runners-up will be displa ...
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — A truck crashed into a church on the east side this afternoon , an Indianapolis emergency dispatcher said .
The crash was reported to fire and police departments as a structure collapse at 3 p.m. at 4201 E. 10th St .
Driver believes mechanical issues caused him to swerve & hit unoccupied church at 4201 E 10th St Transported with slight injuries # IFD CRT 🚒 pic.twitter.com/jJ4jFsqA8d — IFD NEWS ( @ IFD_NEWS ) June 14 , 2017
Sacred Mountain Worship Center is missing its front door following the crash . No one was inside the church at the time of the crash , authorities at the scene told 24-Hour News 8 .
Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers were seen handcuffing the driver at the scene . Police had said the driver of the truck was cooperating with them . The dispatcher said the truck driver received minor injuries , Indianapolis Fire Department said in a tweet . The driver indicated mechanical issues may have caused the crash , the tweet said .
Neighbors said a similar crash occurred a few months ago at a furniture store nearby on 10th Street . They said the crashes are becoming commonplace on the street , with drivers speeding and losing control of their vehicles .
CLEVELAND — The Cavaliers signed guard Collin Sexton to a rookie contract . Financial terms were not immediately available .
Cleveland made the announcement on Wednesday , a holiday treat for the team 's fans still grappling with their emotions after superstar LeBron James announced he 's leaving the Cavs for the second time to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Cavs selected Sexton with the No . 8 overall pick in last month 's NBA draft . He averaged 19.2 points as a freshman at Alabama and played his best in big games while leading the Crimson Tide to its first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2012 .
Now that he 's under contract , the 19-year-old ca n't be traded for 30 days . However , the Cavs are likely to hang on to Sexton and help them rebuild without James , who led Cleveland to four straight NBA Finals and a championship in 2016 .
Sexton is on Cleveland 's summer league roster for games in Las Vegas .
——
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Seven weeks since Derek Carr broke his fibula , the Raiders quarterback was allegedly seen working out Monday .
That 's noteworthy because the ' timetable for Carr 's rehab was six to eight weeks .
“ Carr made it to leg day , ” a Twitter user captioned a photo of what appears to be Carr in an leg press exercise machine .
The man in question looks to have his left leg wrapped , which lines up with his injury .
Carr made an appearance at Dublin Toyota on Monday afternoon , hours after the picture was posted — albeit without the leg wrap .
Thanks for stopping by on Saturday , DEREK CARR ! Heal up , Raider Nation needs you next season ! ☠️ # TheAutumnWind # RaiderNation # DerekCarr pic.twitter.com/WdmkqQLFOw — Dublin Toyota ( @ DublinToyotaCA ) February 13 , 2017
If that was just a doppleganger , Raiders fans will have to wait for more information on Carr 's rehab process .
But if it was indeed the QB , Raider Nation might do a little celebration .
The following summary of calls for service/reports filed by the Riley County Police Department is a portion of those received by police . Some names , addresses , and case details are withheld to follow local , state , and federal law as well as in an attempt to protect community members from being victimized further . Those arrested are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law .
MANHATTAN , KAN. –
Patrick Slaght , 28 , of Junction City , Kansas , was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on Aug. 11 , 2017 at approximately 8:55 AM . Slaght was arrested on a Geary County District Court warrant for failure to appear . Slaght 's bond was set at $ 5,000.00 . Slaght was not confined at the time of this report .
Officers filed a report for theft in the 500 block of Mccall Rd . on Aug. 11 , 2017 at approximately 4:00 PM . Officers listed Menards as the victim when it was reported a Bosch rotary drill was taken by a known suspect . The drill was later recovered .
Officers filed a report for burglary and theft in the 2500 block of Bellerive Dr. on Aug. 11 , 2017 at approximately 4:51 PM . Officers listed Brianna Burnstad , 24 , of Manhattan , as the victim when she reported an unknown suspect forced entry into her apartment , causing damaging and taking money , miscellaneous electronics and jewelry . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 7,400.00 . Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers . Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000.00 .
Jamison Schartz , 17 , of Green , Kansas , was arrested on Aug. 11 , 2017 at approximately 5:00 PM . Schartz was arrested on a Riley County District Court Juvenile Division warrant . Schartz was transported to the North Central Kansas Juvenile Detention Center .
Keith Smith , 20 , of Ogden , Kansas , was arrested on Aug. 11 , 2017 at approximately 5:40 PM . Smith was arrested on a Mitchell County District Court warrant for probation violation . Smith was issued no bond , causing him to remain confined at the time of this report .
Officers filed a report for theft in the 1500 block of Hillview Dr. on Aug 12 , 2017 at approximately 11:00 AM . Officers listed Jeffrey Denny , 47 , of Manhattan , as the victim when he reported his 2009 Nissan Murano was taken by an unknown suspect . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 8,000.00 . Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers . Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000.00 .
Officers filed a report for rape in Manhattan on Aug. 12 , 2017 . Officers listed a 16 year old female as the victim when she reported a 19 year old male known to her raped her . Due to the nature of the crime reported , no additional information will be released .
Officers filed a report for rape and aggravated criminal sodomy in Manhattan on Aug. 12 , 2017 . Officers listed an 18 year old female as the victim when she reported a 34 year old male known to her raped her . Due to the nature of the crime reported , no additional information will be released .
Officers filed a report for theft , forgery , computer unlawful acts and making false information in the 1000 block of Denison Ave. on Aug. 12 , 2017 at approximately 11:19 AM . Officers listed Amanda Harlan , 40 , of Manhattan , as the victim , when an unknown suspect gave her a fraudelent check which she deposited and then sent money back to the suspect . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 2,900.00 . Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers . Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000.00 .
Officers filed a report for theft in the 130 block of Sarber Ln . on Aug. 13 , 2017 at approximately 5:00 PM . Officers listed Amanda Wagner , 27 , of Wamego , Kansas , as the victim when two unknown suspects took her iPhone 7 Plus . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 900.00 . Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers . Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000.00 .
Officers filed a report for theft in the 1200 block of Poyntz Ave. on Aug. 13 , 2017 at approximately 10:05 PM . Officers listed Roger Lancaster , 46 , of Manhattan , as the victim when he reported his iPhone 7 Plus was taken by an unknown suspect . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 700.00 . Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers . Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000.00 .
Officers filed a report for aggravated sexual battery , battery , kidnapping and criminal restraint in Manhattan on Aug. 14 , 2017 . Officers listed a 25 year old female as the victim when she reported a male suspect known to her forced her into his vehicle , touched her inappropriately and would not allow her to go home . Due to the nature of the crimes reported , no additional information will be released .
Officers filed a report for attempted aggravated robbery in the 1800 block of Platt on Aug. 14 , 2017 at approximately 6:35 AM . Officers listed Clinton Dille , 21 , of Manhattan and Emma Williams , 21 , of Manhattan as the victims when it was reported two known suspects attempted to rob the victims with a weapon .
Those with information about crimes in our area are encouraged to contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers .
Football is finally back in or lives . We got a complete slate of NFL preseason games over the weekend . There were some good performances and some not-so good performances . Let 's take a look around the league at the winners and losers from the first week of preseason .
WINNERS
Ryan Pace and Mitchell Trubisky
The Trubisky Hype Train has left the station . The 2017 second-overall pick lit up the Broncos backups with a handful of accurate throws while under pressure during a performance that should make the Chicago coaching staff forget about wasting any starts on Mike Glennon this season . This is exactly what Pace needed . The GM is squarely on the hot seat as the 2017 season gets underway , but any sign of promise from Trubisky ought to save his job for at least one year .
Browns QB DeShone Kizer
As good as Trubisky was , he was not the most impressive rookie quarterback playing this past weekend . That honor goes to Kizer , who wowed Browns fans with his tremendous feel in the pocket and pinpoint accuracy on deeper throws . I had Kizer ranked as the top quarterback in the draft for the traits he put on display Thursday night . Yes , it 's only preseason and statistical results should be ignored , but Kizer passed the eye test in his debut performance . That pocket presence will translate to the real games .
The Notre Dame product still has plenty to work on ( his inconsistent lower body mechanics , for instance ) but this is what hope looks like , Cleveland .
Rookie running backs
The 2017 running back draft class was billed as one of the best ever , and these guys somehow exceeded their expectations over the weekend . From Leonard Fournette ( Jaguars ) to Dalvin Cook ( Vikings ) to Joe Mixon ( Bengals ) , rookie running backs dominated games all over the league in week 1 of the preseason . Even lower profile backups like De'Angelo Henderson ( Broncos ) and Joe Williams ( 49ers ) impressed .
Patriots WR Austin Carr
Carr has been a standout during Patriots training camp and nothing changed under the lights at Gillette Stadium when the rookie receiver out of Northwestern hauled in five passes for 44 yards and a touchdown against the Jags . New England is loaded at the receiver position , so Carr still faces an uphill battle to make the team . If he keeps performing like this , though , he 'll be playing somewhere come Week 1 .
49ers DE Solomon Thomas
Since T.J. Watt got plenty of attention over the weekend for an excellent two-sack performance , we thought we 'd give another rookie pass rusher some much-deserved love . Thomas was dominant in his snaps against the Chiefs . He consistently pressured the quarterback , flashed the effort that convinced San Francisco to take him third-overall and was a factor in the run game . It was a brilliant all-around performance .
# 3 overall pick with a big time inside pass rush pic.twitter.com/nJjhkJaZY6 — John Middlekauff ( @ JohnMiddlekauff ) August 12 , 2017
LOSERS
Titans CB Logan Ryan
Not the best way to start off your career with a new team . Ryan , who signed a three-year , $ 30 million deal with Tennessee , was burned early and often against the Jets . He gave up a 53-yard score on the opening drive before giving up receptions on two shorter throws . Ryan gave himself an ‘ F ' for the performance ( http : //www.tennessean.com/story/sports/nfl/titans/2017/08/12/titans-logan-ryan-secondary-torched-jets-preseason-opener/559905001/ ) . We agree with that assessment .
Logan Ryan is going to want to burn the tape of his Titans debut pic.twitter.com/xEwCLpqtaB — Pro Football Focus ( @ PFF ) August 13 , 2017
Bears QB Mike Glennon
Bears fans have already made up their minds : Trubisky should be the starter . Unfortunately , it 's up to the coaches to make that decision , and it does n't sound like John Fox is willing to alter his depth chart just yet .
Via ESPN.com :
“ Our depth chart is not going to change after one game , ” Fox said . “ That 's a really good defense our first unit went against , probably one of the top three defenses in the league . You have to look at a lot of different things . I can understand how you guys might think [ we could make a change ] , but we 're not going to change a whole lot after one game . ”
But Glennon can not afford another performance like the putrid one he produced against the Broncos . Then again , he wo n't be facing Denver 's historically dominant pass defense every week .
Roberto Aguayo
Bucs GM Jason Licht deserves all the criticism he 's received for trading up to draft Aguayo in the second round . He does , however , deserve credit for admitting his mistake rather than keeping Aguayo around just to save face . Tampa Bay cut the struggling kicker after he missed a field goal and an extra point in the preseason opener against Cincinnati .
Packers RB Ty Montgomery
Montgomery remains the favorite to win the Packers ' running back job , but his lead was significantly cut into on Thursday night . It may be more accurate to say he came back to the pack , because no other Green Bay running back really took advantage of the former receiver 's off night . He fumbled on his first carry and racked up a grand total of zero yards on his other two . Jamaal Williams , the biggest threat to Montgomery 's spot atop the depth chart , was n't all that much better . He ran for 14 yards on four carries .
Lions defense
Last week , we published a list of every team 's biggest concern heading into the preseason . For the Lions , it was a defensive line that did n't have much depth . It 's even worse off now after Kerry Hyder , who led the team in 2016 with eight sacks , went down with a significant Achilles injury . It 's a brutal blow for Detroit , which needed improvement on the defensive line if the team had any chance of making it back to the playoffs .
Chicago Blackhawks ' Anisimov looking for more assists
hello
Chicago Blackhawks ' Artem Anisimov , of Russia , skates against the Boston Bruins during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Boston , Saturday , March 10 , 2018 .
St. Louis Blues goalie Jake Allen , left , blocks a shot by Chicago Blackhawks center Artem Anisimov during the third period of an NHL hockey game Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Chicago . The Blues won 5-4 in overtime .
With 3:17 remaining in the Chicago Blackhawks ' 5-4 loss to St. Louis on Sunday , Artem Anisimov slid the puck to Brent Seabrook , and the big defenseman unleashed a shot that bounced off Tomas Jurco and right back to Anisimov .
Anisimov faked a shot , fed a wide-open Alex DeBrincat and -- wham ! -- the Hawks took what turned out to be a short-lived 4-3 lead on DeBrincat 's third goal of the game .
What many fans may not realize is that the assist was just Anisimov 's ninth of the season . It 's a total shared by teammates Jordan Oesterle and John Hayden , is 1 behind Connor Murphy , Gustav Forsling ( who is in Rockford ) and Richard Panik ( who was traded on Jan. 10 ) , and is tied for 423rd in the league .
`` It 's bugging me a lot actually , '' Anisimov told me before Sunday 's game . `` It 's never been so low in my career or in my life . I do n't know what 's happening . ''
Anisimov is n't your prototypical center , and that 's a big reason why he had just 45 assists the last two seasons with the Hawks despite playing with Patrick Kane and Artemi Panarin .
Still , 9 assists in 63 games ?
`` It 's hard to figure out , definitely , '' Anisimov said . `` Sometimes you can have 3 assists in a game and it 's all going to be second ( ary ) assists . Like you win the faceoff and a defenseman chips the puck out of our zone , and a guy scores 2-on-1 .
`` ( Then ) sometimes you give nice passes and the guys do n't score . But it happens . It 's a game .
`` You just need to forget about all that , play the right way and all the stats will come . ''
The scoring stats certainly have come during all three seasons Anisimov has been in Chicago . He scored 20 goals in 2015-16 , hit 22 last year and notched No . 20 this season when he scored against Boston on March . 11 .
Once he retires , Anisimov 's NHL epitaph will read something like : Pain-in-the-butt Russian hellbent on annoying goaltenders whenever possible .
That 's his main job , and he 's extremely good at it , especially on the power play where he leads the team by a wide margin with 11 goals . DeBrincat is second with 6 , and Patrick Kane and Nick Schmaltz are tied for third with 4 each .
`` You know , he quietly goes about his business , being at the net , '' said coach Joel Quenneville of Anisimov . `` He has a way of finding the puck when he 's at the net , whether he 's tipping them or he 's quick to the rebounds . He has a good way of being in the goalie 's eyes when the puck 's coming . …
`` If we did that collectively better , we 'd have more production and more puck time in the offensive zone . ''
Anisimov is signed for three more seasons and carries a $ 4.55 million caps hit . Beginning next season he no longer has a no-movement clause , but he can name 10 teams to which he would be willing to be traded .
He says his time in Chicago has `` been a good experience , '' and although he hopes he is part of the Hawks ' future , he is n't going to stress about what may come .
`` What 's going to happen is going to happen , '' Anisimov said . `` My job is to play hockey , and right now I play for the Chicago Blackhawks . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Members of the public have reacted with outrage to news there will be an increase in prices on the M6 Toll .
Operator Midland Expressway announced on Friday that they would be increasing prices on the road from July 30 onwards .
The price for cars will rise by between 30p and 50p per journey , for light goods vehicles by 10p to 30p and for heavy goods vehicles by 20p to 50p , depending on the journey made .
Taking to Twitter to air their frustrations , many motorists have argued that increasing the price defeats the purpose of the M6 Toll in the first place - easing congestion on the busy M6 .
Reacting to the tweet announcing the price rises , users said :
Again ? ! This defeats its purpose . Yesterday there was standstill traffic for over an hour on the m6 and you still did nothing ? You 've almost made your money back , just corporate greed now — Rebecca ( @ rbccal ) 29 June 2018
Yet more incentive to take traffic off the busy M6 - certainly not ! This is why it was built in the first place , although that seems to have been forgotten . Sadly now it 's just about more profit . — Gary Roberts ( @ editorgaryr ) 29 June 2018
Your going 's to make it so expensive no one will use it . I would sooner be stuck in traffic than pay your increases . — Corkys Cars ( @ CorkysCars ) 30 June 2018
Seriously , another price increase ? Time to go back the normal M6 . Same short sighted approach taken to fuel prices . If prices were lowered people would use the toll more often just as people would go on `` pleasure trips '' if fuel was reasonable . Greed greed and more greed ! — Andy ( @ howiseeit4 ) 29 June 2018
The M6 toll road should be taken into public ownership and integrated into the free to use motorway network on the first day of the next Labour government . — Peter George Owen ( @ pgo1980 ) 29 June 2018
Speaking at the announcement of the price increases , Midlands Expressway Chief Executive Andy Cliffe said : “ We are committed to encouraging more vans and HGVs off the M6 and onto the M6 Toll and our price rises for commercial vehicles have been carefully set to ensure that we continue the significant growth in HGV traffic on the M6 Toll that we saw in 2017 . ”
Wanda Morris
It began innocently enough .
“ That printer driver is not recognized , ” or something similar , flashed across my friend Trish 's screen as she repeatedly pressed print to no avail .
Too bad her kids , or even better her grandkids , were n't around to fix the thing . She really did n't fancy taking her computer into the shop . Trish popped onto Google to search for a solution . She was excited to see an ad showing a picture of the error message , alongside an offer to solve the problem , then and there , for $ 400 .
It was a steep price , but the ad 's wording was clear : If they did n't solve the problem , she did n't pay .
A nice young man eagerly offered assistance when Trish called the number . She accepted the link to let him take control of her screen and , lickety-split , her problem was solved .
She paid and was thankful when the problem did n't recur . She probably would n't have thought of it again , but for the surprise phone call she received a month or so later .
The computer company was calling to let her know they were shutting down and wanted to give her a refund . Well , she had been feeling a bit sheepish about paying $ 400 , so was happy to take a refund .
Unfortunately , they had already closed down their credit card system so they could n't just put the money back on her card . They could , however , put it in her bank account . Did she have online banking ?
As Trish recounts the story , she admonishes herself : How could she have been taken in ? But , caught up in the moment , and eager for her refund , she promptly logged in to her online bank account .
She was looking at her screen as she talked to the company 's customer support worker . Just watch , he said , and you 'll see your bank account deposit appear directly . It did , but rather than the $ 400 she expected , it grew by $ 4,000 . Did you mean to do that ? she asked .
Oops . No , said the person on the telephone . We messed up . Our boss is gon na fire us ! Can you please send us a postal order for the extra $ 3,600 we transferred by mistake ?
Trish was actually in line at the post office when her bank called . Something funny 's going on with your accounts , they warned . Go home right now . Shut down your computer and cancel all your access cards .
Another 10 minutes and the call would have been too late .
Fortunately for Trish , her bank had flagged and followed up the unusual transaction . The $ 4,000 “ deposited ” into her account was actually her own money , transferred from another account at the same bank . If she had bought and mailed the postal order , she would have never seen that money again .
Sadly , many thousands of Canadians are n't so lucky . Every year , fraudsters and scammers target individuals with ingenious approaches — and far too often they work .
Trish still beats herself up over it . There were so many red flags , she notes . Why were they worried about their jobs if they were going out of business ? Why were they refunding me the money in the first place ?
Carol Tavris and Elliot Aronson , the authors of Mistakes Were Made ( but not by me ) , explore how something called cognitive dissonance works to keep us on a path , even a very bad one , once we start upon it . Because we do n't want to face the uncomfortable feeling that we may have made a mistake , we end up turning a misstep into a much bigger problem .
Learning to say “ on reflection , I was wrong ” has allowed me to change my mind , and my course of action , to avoid compounding a mistake . Those words could also be the key to protecting yourself against scams .
For more ways to protect yourself , check out CARP 's Get Scam Smart publication . You can download it and other great resources for free at carp.ca/resources .
Grey Matters is a weekly column by Wanda Morris , the VP of Advocacy for CARP , a 300,000 member national , non-partisan , non-profit organization that advocates for financial security , improved health-care for Canadians as we age . Past columns by Wanda and other key CARP contributors can be found at carp.ca/blogs . For questions email askwanda @ carp.ca .
Uber has increased prices for passengers in some of its largest US markets , including Washington DC , Los Angeles and its home town of San Francisco , as chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi says the ride-hailing company is on track to go public next year .
The recent price increases , which involve a mixture of higher “ time and distance ” rates and a more expensive “ safety fee ” that Uber charges for every ride , are part of a broader attempt to retain drivers by improving their earnings .
Admitting that some of Uber 's 3m “ partners ” were “ disgruntled ” , Mr Khosrowshahi said on Wednesday that the company was facing more competition for drivers due to the improving US economy , as well as the issue of high fuel prices .
“ We have to make [ being an Uber driver ] more attractive because the alternatives are becoming more attractive , ” he said . “ All of them , I think , want to make more money . In general , I think driver earnings are going up . ”
Uber was criticised earlier this year for raising prices in Florida without passing on the extra revenue to drivers . Subsequent increases in San Francisco and Los Angeles have been shared with drivers .
For passengers who may be upset by the higher prices , Uber is offering new twists on the ride-sharing service such as “ Express Pool ” , which pairs different riders who have to walk a short distance to their pick-up spot . “ A very , very important push for us is to innovate to lower cost , ” Mr Khosrowshahi said . “ We are investing hundreds of millions of dollars in Pool . ”
In a wide-ranging interview at the Code conference in Rancho Palos Verdes , California , on Wednesday , Mr Khosrowshahi also said he was in discussions with Alphabet 's Waymo about adding its autonomous cars to Uber 's ride-hailing system .
Striking a deal with Waymo would mark a remarkable turnround for Uber , which had been caught in a bitter legal battle with the Alphabet-owned self-driving car pioneer last year . The two companies settled the litigation in February .
But Mr Khosrowshahi insisted that despite one of its autonomous cars becoming involved in collision that killed a pedestrian in Arizona in March , Uber was still committed to developing its own self-driving technology .
“ We have to be absolutely satisfied we are getting back on the road in the safest manner possible , ” he said . “ As a principle , we will license out our own technology and look to build around other autonomous technology as well . ”
That could include its rival Waymo , he said . “ I would welcome Waymo to put cars into our network as well . . . They are an incredible technology provider . ”
During the interview at Code , Mr Khosrowshahi also discussed how he worked with Travis Kalanick when he replaced Uber 's ousted founder as chief executive last year .
“ The founder relationship is complicated , ” he said . “ Frankly the former CEO relationship is complicated . We have constructive dialogues but also I am taking the company in a different direction . I think [ Mr Kalanick ] respects that . ”
When he took the job , he said , Mr Kalanick was “ really battling ” with Benchmark Capital , a shareholder . “ You had people who were focused on control rather than success , ” he said . “ Once we got rid of the struggle for control , my focus was on taking it forward . ”
Uber was “ on track ” for an initial public offering in the second half of next year , Mr Khosrowshahi said , even though the group still lacks a chief financial officer .
Uber 's food delivery service is helping to drive growth as the company prepares to pitch itself to investors . Uber Eats was on pace for $ 6bn in annualised revenues and was growing at 200 per cent year on year , Mr Khosrowshahi said .
“ We are going to be the largest food delivery business in the world [ outside ] China . . . The concept of Uber as a platform is very exciting five to 10 years from now . ”
Image copyright Parry family Image caption Eloise Parry died in 2015 at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital
A bulimic student who died after taking a toxic slimming aid she bought online seemed `` defeated '' and `` fragile '' in the weeks before her death , a court heard .
Eloise Parry , 21 , from Shrewsbury , died in April 2015 after taking eight diet pills containing dinitrophenol ( DNP ) .
Albert Huynh , 33 , Bernard Rebelo , 30 , and Mary Roberts , 32 , all deny Ms Parry 's manslaughter .
A nutritionist who met Miss Parry said she had told her she was using the pills for weight loss .
The court heard how the Glyndwr University student allegedly made multiple purchases of DNP from the defendants ' website in 2015 .
In the weeks before her death she was admitted to hospital numerous times suffering from the effects of the chemical , the jury was told .
Nutritionist Sally Cowman said she met Miss Parry , who was seeking guidance for depression and an eating disorder , between October 2014 and April 2015 .
Miss Parry , who had a history of self-harm , weighed 10 stone 3lbs but wanted to get down to nine stone 7lbs , Ms Cowman said .
'Devastating consequences '
Recalling an April meeting , she told Inner London Crown Court : `` She just seemed defeated .
`` She looked fragile . She still thought she was overweight . ''
Ms Cowman said Miss Parry first mentioned DNP to her in a telephone call and said she was using it for weight loss .
She told the court : `` She told me that she knew it could have devastating consequences . ''
Mr Huynh of Northolt in north west London , Mr Reblo and Ms Roberts , both from Gosport in Hampshire , also deny supplying an `` unsafe '' food supplement .
Roberts denies a further charge of money laundering by allegedly transferring £20,000 for and on behalf of Mr Rebelo .
The trial continues .
Vote For Minnesota 's Best Hard Cider The air 's getting crisp , every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock , and fall is sweeping into Minnesota !
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend . Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions . While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules , for other activities a weekend guide can be useful .
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others . Since 2009 , World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19 . In Minnesota , this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The transfer window has been shut for more than 24 hours now and still the draft of what might have been lingers in the room for Crystal Palace .
They signed Norwegian striker Alexander Sorloth from FC Midtjylland late on Wednesday night but failed in a number of other exploits including Ibrahim Amadou and goalkeeper Fred Ronnow .
Reports in Belgium emerged yesterday that the Eagles had a late bid rejected for West Ham target Leander Dendoncker .
Now - after the 22-year-old Belgian 's disappointment of not completing a Premier League move - discussions between the midfielder and the club are taking place to establish a release clause for the summer transfer window .
Belgian outlet Het Laatste Nieuws believes there will be a fixed fee put in place to ease Dendoncker 's worries and establish a figure regardless of any potential performances at the World Cup .
Anderlecht manager Herman Van Holsbeeck had said of the Eagles late move : `` Especially the time of the negotiations was unfortunate . If we had received that offer on 2 January , we would have a whole month to negotiate and find an alternative. ``
`` Dendoncker has the potential to ever play in a better league , everyone knows , but negotiating on deadline day was not negotiable for the club , and I tried to explain that to him and his surroundings in a serene way . ''
`` It is now up to the player and the club to figure out how we will deal with that in the next five months , and tomorrow or Monday I will talk to him and his environment about it . ''
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor @ portisabelsouthpadre.com
During a special meeting of the city commission Wednesday , the City of Port Isabel unanimously approved the re-funding of a loan on the Yacht Club , the formation of a water aerobics class at the community pool and passed several resolutions opposing proposed state legislation .
First up was a re-funding of a variable interest Texas Leverage Loan on the historic Port Isabel Yacht Club . “ It 's been going up — it was two-point-something ( percent interest ) when they first got the loan , it 's up to 4 percent now , ” City Manager Jared Hockema explained to the commission .
As such , the Economic Development Corporation ( EDC ) hired a financial adviser to explore refinancing options and were able to secure a lower interest loan at a fixed rate . “ They have been able to secure a purchaser at a 3 percent fixed rate , so it 's a savings , of course , from what we 're paying right now , ” Hockema said . The lower interest rate would generate a savings of more than $ 100,000 over the life of the loan , he said .
In other news , a suggestion from a resident ultimately spurred the Commission to approve the offering of water aerobics classes at the City 's public pool .
Want the whole story ? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press , or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here .
Lex The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter , giving you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Instant Insight Timely commentary and analysis to get the edge in understanding the implications of breaking stories as they unfold .
EM Squared is a premium data-driven news and anaylsis service on emerging markets , and now includes FT Confidential Research . EM Squared is a premium data-driven news and anaylsis service on emerging markets , and now includes Financial Times Confidential Research
Pockets of new development in the San Diego region , combined with tight vacancies , are expected to spur investor competition for a scarce supply of available retail properties for the rest of 2017 , according to a new third-quarter outlook report from brokerage firm Marcus & Millichap .
Researchers said the region is expected to end the year with a retail vacancy rate at 4.1 percent , on par with 2016 , with the average annual asking rent per-square-foot rising 2.1 percent from last year , to $ 23.90 .
Marcus & Millichap projected that the San Diego region will end 2017 with 756,000 square feet of new retail space completed and delivered to market – a big increase from 2016 's 398,000 square feet – although the 2017 number is skewed by the nearly completed $ 600 million renovation and expansion of the Westfield UTC mall .
Westfield Corp. 's project , expected to be completed later this month , will bring the region its highest new total retail space delivery in the past 10 years . Marcus & Millichap said the net new retail space coming online at Westfield UTC spans 401,000 square feet , including a new free-standing Nordstrom store and a multi-tenant expansion of the existing center .
The brokerage firm said most other local retail space deliveries of 2017 's second half will not exceed 10,000 square feet , with limited new space being added in Central San Diego , the South Bay area and East County .
Regional factors bolstering San Diego 's overall retail demand metrics include continued job creation and household formations , with 7,250 new apartments slated for completion in the next 18 months .
Marcus & Millichap tracks markets nationwide , with its quarterly outlook reports intended to serve as a guide to prospective investors . Marcus and other firms have noted that San Diego for the past decade has remained among the nation 's tightest metro retail markets , due to factors including limited new construction and high demand in submarkets that have demographics attractive to retailers , restaurant operators and other tenants .
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey , three more than previously disclosed .
British media reported earlier this year that London 's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former `` House of Cards '' star .
Police in Britain do n't name suspects until they are charged . Asked about Spacey , the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London 's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013 .
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made .
Spacey was artistic director of London 's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Top Game Performances
Starting Pitchers Pittsburgh St. Louis Ivan Nova Player Lance Lynn Loss W/L Win 8.0 IP 7.0 3 Strikeouts 5 5 Hits 3 2.25 ERA 0.00 Hitting Pittsburgh St. Louis Josh Bell Player Randal Grichuk 2 Hits 2 0 RBI 0 0 HR 0 2 TB 2 .500 Avg .667
Team Stats Summary
Team Hits HR TB Avg LOB K RBI BB SB Errors Pittsburgh 5 0 7 .156 9 6 1 1 0 1 St. Louis 5 1 8 .179 5 3 2 0 1 0
ST. LOUIS -- Lance Lynn outdueled Ivan Nova , and Kolten Wong hit his first homer of the season to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 2-1 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night.The Cardinals ended a three-game losing streak while winning with fewer than four runs for the first time this season.The Pirates lost for the first time in four games and also continued their streak of not winning a game this year in which they scored fewer than four runs , dropping to 0-7 in this contest.Lynn ( 1-1 ) gave up just three hits , struck out five and walked one over seven innings . He hit two batters -- both times Josh Harrison.Harrison was also hit by a pitch in his last two plate appearances on Sunday in Chicago . He finally broke that streak with a groundout in the seventh.Trevor Rosenthal worked a perfect eighth inning before Seung Hwan Oh pitched the ninth , earning the Cardinals ' first save of the season despite allowing an RBI single by pinch hitter Gregory Polanco that pulled the Pirates within 2-1.Nova ( 1-2 ) allowed only four hits other than the Wong home run in the third inning as he pitched an eight-inning complete game . Three of the hits were consecutive singles in the seventh , with Jose Martinez getting the RBI.Nova struck out three and extended his streak of innings without issuing a walk to 20 . He threw just 78 pitches.Wong was hitting just .148 coming into Monday night 's game and was hitless in his past 10 at-bats . The homer , which came on the first pitch , was the seventh of Wong 's career against the Pirates in 48 games , the most he has hit against any opponent.It also was the first home run allowed by Nova in his past 42 innings dating back to last season.NOTES : 1B Matt Carpenter was a late scratch from the Cardinals ' lineup because of a swollen finger . He was hurt fielding a ball in the Sunday night game ... Pirates OF Gregory Polanco was not in the starting lineup for the third consecutive game because of discomfort in his right groin , but he in the ninth . It is likely he will be able to play on Tuesday . ... Cardinals LHP Tyler Lyons ( right knee ) made his third start during a rehab assignment for Triple-A Memphis on Monday and threw 73 pitches in 4 2/3 innings , allowing two runs on six hits . ... The Pirates acquired RHP Johnny Barbato from the Yankees for a player to be named later or cash . Barbato , 24 , was added to the 40-man roster and optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis . ... Cardinals RHP Mike Leake ( 1-1 , 0.60 ERA ) will start in the second game of the series Tuesday night against Pirates RHP Chad Kuhl ( 0-0 , 2.38 ERA ) .
Post 's 11 Hall of Fame voters would produce a historic class The Baseball Hall of Fame Class of 2018 will be announced Wednesday night , and it could be one of the largest groups in the sport 's history . There are 11 voters ...
Proof Omar Minaya had more hits than misses in first Mets stint Now that Omar Minaya has come back to Queens , here 's a look at some of the hits and misses from his tumultuous six-year tenure as Mets GM from 2004-2010 : Hits ...
What Is Bitcoin Exactly ? A Look at the Mysterious Cryptocurrency
One of them is worth over $ 10,000 and some experts say it could rise further . Bitcoin , the world 's most popular virtual currency , allows people to buy goods and services and exchange money without involving banks , credit card issuers or other third parties .
It has a fuzzy history , having been used by hackers to demand ransom and for the purchase of illegal drugs online . But recently it 's become more popular with a different crowd : speculative investors .
As its price keeps rising , here 's a brief look at bitcoin .
How Bitcoins Work
Bitcoin is a digital currency that is not tied to a bank or government and allows users to spend money anonymously . The coins are created by users who `` mine '' them by lending computing power to verify other users ' transactions . They receive bitcoins in exchange . The coins also can be bought and sold on exchanges with U.S. dollars and other currencies .
How Much Is It Worth ?
One bitcoin trades [ currently , at the time of publication ] for $ 10,886 according to coindesk , a website that monitors the price . That 's a more than ten-fold increase from the start of 2017 , when it was worth under $ 1,000 .
The value of bitcoins can swing sharply , though . A bitcoin 's value plunged by 22 percent against the dollar in just three days earlier this month .
Why Bitcoins Are Popular
Bitcoins are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they travel from one owner to the next . Transactions can be made anonymously , making the currency popular with libertarians as well as tech enthusiasts , speculators -- and criminals .
Is It Really Anonymous ?
Yes , to a point . Transactions and accounts can be traced , but the account owners are n't necessarily known . However , investigators might be able to track down the owners when bitcoins are converted to regular currency .
Who 's Using Bitcoin ?
Some businesses have jumped on the bitcoin bandwagon amid a flurry of media coverage . Overstock.com accepts payments in bitcoin , for example . The U.S. exchange operator CME Group said in October that it plans to open a futures market for the currency before the end of the year , if it can get approval from regulators . Still , its popularity is low compared with cash and cards , and many individuals and businesses wo n't accept bitcoins for payments .
Some high-profile banking executives have spoken against bitcoin , with JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon calling it a `` fraud . ''
How Bitcoins Are Kept Secure
The bitcoin network works by harnessing individuals ' greed for the collective good . A network of tech-savvy users called miners keep the system honest by pouring their computing power into a blockchain , a global running tally of every bitcoin transaction . The blockchain prevents rogues from spending the same bitcoin twice , and the miners are rewarded for their efforts by being gifted with the occasional bitcoin . As long as miners keep the blockchain secure , counterfeiting should n't be an issue .
How Bitcoin Came To Be
It 's a mystery . Bitcoin was launched in 2009 by a person or group of people operating under the name Satoshi Nakamoto . Bitcoin was then adopted by a small clutch of enthusiasts . Nakamoto dropped off the map as bitcoin began to attract widespread attention . But proponents say that does n't matter : The currency obeys its own internal logic .
An Australian entrepreneur last year stepped forward and claimed to be the founder of bitcoin , only to say days later that he did not `` have the courage '' to publish proof that he is .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Together again ? Not so much .
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumors that she will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year 's Super Bowl halftime show .
“ To put to rest any speculation or rumors as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow ; I will not , ” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday . “ Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon . ”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy . Timberlake was Jackson 's special guest during her performance at that year 's game and ripped off a piece of her clothing , revealing her nipple . Timberlake later described it as an unintended “ wardrobe malfunction . ”
CBS , which aired that Super Bowl , was fined $ 550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission , but the fine later was overturned .
The hashtags # JusticeforJanet and # JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake 's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl , at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday .
At a press conference on Thursday , Timberlake mentioned Jackson 's name , along with Jay-Z and ‘ NSync , when talking about rumored guests to join him onstage . He was not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction .
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl , the decision triggered a backlash from women , minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced . Some argued that Jackson , as a black woman , fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake , as a white man , did , and they said he benefited from “ white male privilege . ”
When asked during an interview last month if he and Jackson have since made peace , Timberlake said , “ Absolutely . ”
He said he and Jackson have talked privately about what happened .
“ I do n't know that a lot of people know that , ” Timberlake said . “ I mean , I do n't think it 's my job to do that , because you value the relationships that you do have with people . ”
BEIRUT - President Bashar al-Assad said he would recover areas of Syria held by the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , and that US forces should learn the lesson of Iraq and leave the country .
In an interview with Russia Today , Assad also said the government had `` started now opening doors for negotiations '' with the SDF , a Kurdish dominated militia alliance that controls parts of northern and eastern Syria where US forces are stationed .
`` This is the first option . If not , we 're going to resort to ... liberating those areas by force , '' he said , adding `` the Americans should leave , somehow they 're going to leave . ''
Responding to US President Donald Trump 's description of him as `` Animal Assad , '' the Syrian leader said : `` What you say is what you are . ''
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Reading FC can move into the top half of the table if they see off Cardiff City on Monday night .
The pair meet in what is set to be an entertaining clash at Madejski Stadium between two in-form sides .
Royals have lost just once in their past seven games while the Bluebirds are on a four-game winning streak .
Kick-off is at 8pm and reporter Jonathan Low will be providing live coverage of the match with all of the build-up starting at 6pm .
Stay tuned to the live blog below for all the build-up , followed by text commentary and post-match reaction .
Do n't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low 's Twitter account @ jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan 's Facebook page .
Want More News Like This ?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site , along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets .
