Police and ambulance crews are attending an incident at a Mansfield hospital .
Emergency services were called to St Andrew 's Hospital , in Sherwood Avenue - which provides specialist medium and low secure services - at just after 11am and are still in attendance .
A Notts police spokesman said : “ We are currently responding to a concern for safety in Sherwood Avenue . We were first called at 11:15am and are still at the scene . ”
An East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said its specialist Hazard Area Response Team ( HART ) , which responds to major or unusual incidents , had been sent out .
She said : “ We received a call at 11.40am on 30 May from our colleagues in the police force requesting medical assistance at an incident at St Andrew 's Healthcare in Sherwood Avenue . We sent a crewed ambulance and our Hazardous Area Response Team and are still on scene ”
As well as the hazardous area response team , There are currently five police cars outside the hospital , an operational support department unit , an incident response unit and ambulances .
Managing events for large organisations and multinational conglomerates can get quite challenging for a group of people . Similar to how almost every other business in the world has remodelled , technology has stepped in to transform the way people manage events . By adopting event management software developed by tech companies , event management businesses are becoming more consolidated and profitable than before . A recent report published by Future Market Insights has identified following factors that are prompting the sales of event management software across the globe .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1849
The foremost factor is the benefit availed by including advanced software in event management processes . Automating functions such as ticketing , venue sourcing , and floor planning , among others , are being streamlined through the help of event management software .
Advantages of social media marketing , digital promotional activities , and rising adoption of cloud-based solutions has also propelled the demand for software that can facilitate these features and help in outselling previous revenues .
High costs of installing event management software might be one of the few factors restraining the market 's growth .
Nevertheless , event management companies are looking at favourable opportunities arising from popularity of IoT platforms and real-time analytical solutions .
Factors as such are fuelling the growth of the global market for event management software , which is presently being valued at US $ 6.8 Bn by Future Market Insights . The report reveals that more than two-third of the market 's revenues will be accounted by global sales of software components , among which event planning software are predicted to register the highest value CAGR of 13.9 % . Furthermore , the market is also likely to witness higher preference to on-premise deployment of event management software . In 2016 , more than US $ 4.5 Bn worth of event management software were deployed through on-premise model .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1849
According to the report , the demand for event management software is anticipated to be high among large enterprises such as MNCs . Small and medium enterprises , on the other hand , will collectively account for a little over 40 % share of global market revenues . Corporates and event planners have been outlined as the largest end-users of event management software , bringing in more than US $ 13 Bn in revenues towards the end of 2026 .
North America has been identified as the most lucrative region for growth of global event management software market . With over 40 % share , North America 's event management software market will be valued at US $ 8.5 Bn by 2026-end . The Western European region , likewise , is also expected to witness steadfast growth in its event management software market , registering a value CAGR of 13 % . Cvent , Inc. , Zoho Corporation , etouches Inc. , EventBrite Inc. , Xing Events , Bizzabo Inc. , Ungerboeck Software International , Zerista , Certain , Inc. , Gather Technologies Inc. , EventZilla , and SocialTables are leading players in the global event management software market , profiled in the report .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/event-management-software-market
Sion Simon on crime and funding cuts to Police forces in the West Midlands
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new £1 million fund to tackle drug and crime will be set by the Labour West Midlands mayor if elected later this year .
It is the latest pledge from Labour candidate Siôn Simon who is placing the war on `` everyday crime '' at the centre of his campaign .
He is teaming up with the West Midlands Police Commissioner David Jamieson to put £1 million on the table for a new drugs and gangs task force if he is installed in the mayor 's office in May .
Mr Simon will also demand new powers from London to tackle the scourge of crime .
He said : `` Unreported gang and drug-related crimes , or so-called everyday crime , need n't be a reality for us .
`` But we ca n't rely on politicians in London who tell us crime is n't going up .
`` Because , for many people I speak to across the West Midlands , that could n't be further from the truth .
`` With a new West Midlands mayor , someone from here who understands the problems that we face , we can finally do something about it . It 's time for us to get tough on crime . ''
He said the task force would limit the supply of young people to gangs and drug dealers by creating initiatives and activities to prevent them being tempted by a life of crime .
He said : `` We need to find diversions for these at-risk young people before they are drawn into gangs and crime . ''
Last week , he also pledged to defend police numbers in the region .
Police commissioner David Jamieson last year ran a drugs and violence commission to look into the issue and the task force will follow through on its recommendations .
Mr Simon is one of five candidates currently bidding to become West Midlands mayor .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Ballistic Protective Equipment Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Seyntex N.V. , Honeywell International , Inc. , Tencate , Rheinmetall AG , Point Blank Enterprise , Inc. , Morgan Advanced Materials , ArmorSource LLC , Craig International Ballistics , Survitec Group Ltd , Verseidag-Indutex GmbH , Safe Life Defense , Tactical Assault Gear ( TAG ) , Hellweg International Pty . Ltd , MKU Limited , Mehler Vario System , Mars Armor , Paul Boye Technologies , Mehler Law Enforcement GmbH , Vista Outdoor , Inc. , Pacific Safety Products , Inc. ( PSP ) , EnGarde , Safariland , LLC , CQC Ltd. , Armor Wear , BAE Systems , Plc , DuPont , 3M Company , Teijin Group .
The report begins with introducing the global Ballistic Protective Equipment market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Ballistic Protective Equipment report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ballistic-protective-equipment-market/5898/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Head Protection , Soft Armor , Hard Armor .
Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Defense , Commercial , Law Enforcement & Safety .
Key points in the Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ballistic-protective-equipment-market/5898/ # inquiry
From all of this Ballistic Protective Equipment market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Ballistic Protective Equipment market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Ballistic Protective Equipment distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Southland farmer John Young reckons he would be in a better position if his cattle had Mycoplasma bovis .
With a contract for 1000 calves cancelled by Ngai Tahu Farming , he described himself as a `` by-product '' of the disease saying there was no recognition for those in similar situations .
Left short of feed and likely to take a massive financial hit , he was perplexed by the iwi 's motivation as he felt he had done everything to mitigate any concerns .
'' We 'd be better off if we had it . We would know where we 're at [ and could ] set a plan and work around it . It would be acknowledged we had it , we 'd be compensated . The way we are at the moment , we do n't know where we stand , '' he said .
Advertisement
Mr Young and his wife , Jo , have a dairy farm near Browns and a run-off block in Northern Southland . For the second year , they had a contract to deliver bull calves to Ngai Tahu .
The contract , signed in August , was for 1000 calves delivered from March 1 to May 31 with a price of $ 3kg liveweight . In March , the calves were not quite ready and Mr Young suggested waiting until mid-to-late April .
An agent took what they thought was the proactive approach of drawing up a declaration stating , to the best of their knowledge , none of the cattle had been purchased , grazed or had any physical contact with cattle from any property confirmed to be Mycoplasma bovis positive , or placed under restrictions .
At the end of April , Ngai Tahu said it had a few questions and was reassured the agents had procured them directly from farmers they knew and farmers who bred them . Ngai Tahu also wanted a National Animal Identification and Tracing file of all animals which Mr Young supplied .
Mr Young also approached the Ministry for Primary Industries which said it was `` fine '' and if they had any tie-ups with farms known to be infected , they would have been shut down and unable to trade stock .
Ngai Tahu said the calves would be going to a block away from other stock , to eliminate any risk from the rest of its business and Mr Young took that as `` quite positive '' - that it was mitigating its risks and was still keen to continue with the deal .
But earlier this month , he was told Ngai Tahu did not want to proceed because a clause in the contract said the cattle should be in good health and free from injury or disease , and its lawyer did not believe they could prove the stock were free of disease .
Mr Young said the calves were fit and healthy and they had done their due diligence to ensure they did not have any risks or links to Mycoplasma bovis .
If Ngai Tahu did not want to proceed with the purchase , then he expected it to make up the difference to what they would get for the stock now on the open market .
Stock of that nature had `` taken quite a hiding lately '' and the likely price now was about $ 2.40 and , at that level , it would barely cover what the couple paid for them .
Ngai Tahu offered $ 10,000 as settlement but that would barely cover legal costs . The calculation they were working on was about $ 150,000 , he said .
Meanwhile , they had run out of feed , having never expected to have the calves so long . They had to buy in palm kernel and had also eaten into a large amount of winter feed , while prices for feed had `` gone through the roof '' .
'' Everything was positive all the way up to it .
'' If they had told us a month ago , they would have been sold at decent money . We 've asked what else we need to do , they have n't been forthcoming , '' he said .
It had got to the stage couple could not afford to keep the cattle and would have to quit them - at a much reduced price - and he hoped to have half away this week . Ngai Tahu did not respond to calls or emails from the Otago Daily Times this week seeking comment .
- Otago Daily Times
Los Angeles , USA — 7 April 2018 — On Boat is one of the biggest yacht rental companies in the United States of America . It has already serviced tens of thousands of happy clients and their testimonials are proof to that . One quick search on the web is going to reveal the full disclosure of the happy clients on how they organized their own tour across the coast of the magic West Coast of the USA . The la yacht rental speaks volumes about the service and the quality that the company is providing for its clients .
The web site contains the complete information that the client has to know before applying for a quote on the service . It 's true that the client should n't expect very low prices from such a grade of rental but in comparison to what is already on the market then the yacht rental Los Angeles is truly competitive and cutting edge . There are no more companies in this line of work that can provide the insurances that the On Boat firm can be expected to put on the contract when signing .
Many people that have already tried this yacht rental la have gone home happy and accomplished . Working with the firm as to make true all of the whims and plans is a reality and those clients that did that are usually coming back for more in the near future . One does n't have to own an yacht as to feel like he or she is an accomplished person , just renting it now and then will deliver exactly the same result and the los angele yacht charter is happy to help the client feel as if their are the king .
More and more people are reaching out towards the Los Angeles yacht rental to find out what the prices would be for their custom voyage or to book one of the yachts for the foreseeable future . Planning the trip several months before is a good plan since the clients are very active on the last minute and chances are slim that there are going to be any free vehicles that one can rent . The la yacht rental is doing its best to have as many vehicles as possible at the disposal of the clients but it 's not always possible to act this way , especially in the peak season .
Contact :
Company : On Boat
Web site : onboat.co
Adress : 13220 Admiral Ave , Marina Del Rey , CA 90292
Phone : 1-844-500-2628
Email : info @ onboat.co
By Zoe Hodgson
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play
Tech billionaire Elon Musk has revealed he believes artificial intelligence could be catastrophic for humanity who are set to become a cyborg race which will have to grapple with 15 per cent of the global work force being without a job .
The creative genius added a 'universal income ' would have to be introduced for the global population because robots will do everything .
Speaking at the World Government Summit in Dubai , the entrepreneur also told the 4000 strong conference he saw space flights to the far reaches of the solar system being as common as a plane ride in 50 years .
And self-driven cars were just 10 years away from usurping human driven vehicles completely .
The business magnate , who was being interviewed by Mohammad Abdulla Alergawi , the Minister of Cabinet Affairs and the Future for the UAE , told the slightly perplexed crowd : `` One of the most troubling questions is artificial intelligence . I do n't mean narrow A.I . - deep artificial intelligence , where you can have A.I . which is much smarter than the smartest human on earth . This is a dangerous situation . ''
He also warned world governments : `` Pay close attention to the development of artificial intelligence .
`` Make sure researchers do n't get carried away - scientists get so engrossed in their work they do n't realise what they are doing . ''
When asked if he thought A.I . was a good or a bad thing Musk said : `` I think it is both .
Continued below .
Related Content Elon Musk offers glimpse of plans to deliver humans to Mars Tesla tops estimates after Elon Musk implores a boost Video Watch : Elon Musk on if life could be a simulation
`` One way to think of it is imagined you were very confident we were going to be visited by super intelligent aliens in 10 years or 20 years at the most .
`` Digital superintelligence will be like an alien . ''
He then joked : `` It seems probable . But this is one of the great questions in physics and philosophy - where are the aliens ?
`` Maybe they are among us I do n't know . Some people think I am an alien . Not true . `` Of course I would say that though would n't I ? ''
He went on : `` If there are super intelligent aliens out there they are probably already observing us .
`` We are just not smart enough to realise it . Any advanced alien civilisation that was at all interested in populating the galaxy , even without exceeding the speed of light , at say 10 or 20 per cent of the speed of light , you could populate the entire galaxy in 20 million years max .
`` That is nothing in the grand scheme of things . ''
Musk also discussed how he saw human beings as already being 'cyborgs ' as we become more and more dependent on technology .
To muted laughter from the crowd he explained : `` To some degree we are already a cyborg - you think of all the digital tools that you have - your phone , your computer . `` The applications that you have . The fact that you can ask a question and instantly get an answer from Google and other things .
`` You already have a digital tertiary layer . Think of the limbic system - the animal brain and the cortex as the thinking part of the brain , and your digital self as a third layer .
`` If you die your digital ghost is still around . All of their emails , and social media , that still lives if they die .
`` Over time we will see a closer merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence . It is all about the band width of the brain .
`` The digital extension of yourself . Output if anything is getting worse . We do most of our output through our thumbs which is very slow .
`` Some high band width interface to the brain will be something which helps achieve symbiosis between human and machine intelligence , which solves a control and usefulness problem . ''
The minister introduced Musk by comparing him in brilliance to Albert Einstein but the billionaire revealed that while many may admire his genius , he was n't that comfortable with it : `` I think that they probably should n't want to be me - it sounds better than it is .
`` It is not as much fun as you think . It could be worse for sure ( but ) I am not sure I want to be me . ''
The minister was also being interviewing Musk because he is launching Tesla , his electric car brand , in the Middle East .
The entrepreneur said he saw cars as being totally autonomous in around 10 years .
And since October 2016 Tesla vehicles have had enough computer capability in each model to be easily upgraded to a self-drive .
He likened using a self drive car to 'getting in an elevator ' and pressing a button .
Musk said autonomous cars would be a great convenience , but also a game changer for society , adding he saw the advances in technology causing mass unemployment .
This would result in huge swathes of the population losing their direction and purpose : `` I think ( driving ) might be the single largest employer in various forms .
`` We need to figure out new roles - what do those people do ? It will be very disruptive and very quick . ''
Estimating there are nearly two and half billion cars and trucks in the world , he added : `` The point at which we see full autonomy appear , will not be the point where we see mass upheaval .
`` That disruption will take place over 20 years . But 20 years to have 12 - 15 per cent of the work force unemployed is a short time . ''
His solution was unemployment benefit for the masses : `` What to do about mass employment - this is going to be a big challenge .
`` We will need to have some kind of universal basic income - I do n't think there will be a choice .
`` There will be fewer and fewer jobs that a robot can not do better .
`` These are things that I wish would happen , these are things probably will happen .
`` I think some kind of universal income will be necessary .
`` The harder challenge is how do people then have meaning - because a lot of people derive their meaning from their employment .
`` If you are not needed , if there is not a need for your labour . What 's the meaning ? `` Do you have meaning , are you useless ? That is a much harder problem to deal with . ''
Musk also suggested , like in The Matrix , we could even be in a created reality already and not even realise it : `` Now you can see a video game that is photo realistic and millions of people playing simultaneously , and you see where things are going with virtual reality and augmented reality .
`` If you extrapolate that out into the future with any rate of progress at all , at 0.1 per cent a year , or something like that , then eventually those games will be indistinguishable from reality . They will be so realistic you will not be able to tell the difference from that game and life as we know it .
`` How do we know that did n't happen in the past and we are not in one of those games ourselves ? ''
The business magnate also his plans for space flight revealing he would like to see travel to different planets and solar systems as a common occurrence in as little as 50 years : `` I hope we are out there on Mars , and maybe beyond , the moons of Jupiter . I hope we are travelling frequently outside the solar system and nearby star systems . I believe all of this will be possible in 50 years . ''
Musk , who is enjoying time with his children in Dubai while attending the conference , also discussed the tunnel he is building under Los Angeles to combat traffic issues .
Joking he said : `` It 's secret plot , just between you and me . ''
He then went on to explain : `` I think the solution to urban congestion is a network of tunnels under cities .
`` Tunnels that go many levels deep . You can always go deeper that you can go up .
`` The deepest mines are deeper than the tallest buildings . Given that you can overcome the congestion in any city in the world
`` The challenge is just learning how to build tunnels quickly , at low cost , with high safety .
`` Washington DC , New York and LA and most of the major cities in the world suffer from major traffic issues . ''
- news.com.au
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Jimmy Kimmel held his baby son as he returned to his late-night show after a week off for the boy 's heart surgery .
Kimmel was crying from the first moment of his monologue Monday night as he pleaded with Congress to restore and improve children 's health coverage , a cause he has championed since his son Billy was born with a heart defect in April .
Billy needed one surgery just after his birth and had a follow-up operation last week .
Kimmel kept up his ardent advocacy Monday night , urging Congress to restore the Children 's Health Insurance Program , which has been left unfunded and stuck in a political stalemate since September .
Advertisement
Kimmel said it 's `` disgusting '' that Congress is putting tax cuts for millionaires ahead of the lives of children .
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. ( AP ) — A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year and then locked her in his car before she eventually escaped from the moving vehicle has pleaded guilty to attempted murder .
David Legette , 54 , of Bristol , entered his plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors . It was made public on Wednesday .
Legette now faces a 16-year state prison term when he 's sentenced July 20 .
The Pennsylvania woman had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred on July 2 , prosecutors said , adding that the pair had previously been involved in a romantic relationship .
Advertisement
While they were in the garage , Legette pulled out a knife and stabbed her 19 times . He then locked her inside the car , using the vehicle 's child-lock feature to make sure she could n't escape .
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor a short time later , the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside , prosecutors said . She then rolled herself out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off .
Witnesses saw the woman escape and quickly called 911 as Legette sped away from the scene . The woman identified Legette as her attacker to officers at the scene . He was located and arrested in Bristol on July 2 of last year , and prosecutors said the victim 's DNA was found inside the vehicle .
The woman survived the ordeal . Besides the numerous stab wounds , she also suffered a partially eviscerated intestine and a lacerated liver and spleen .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the type of heavy display unit believed to have caused the tragic death of a schoolboy in a Topshop clothes store .
Ten-year-old Kaden Reddick was killed in a branch of the chain in Reading .
It happened on Monday , the first day of the half-term in the Berkshire town .
It was believed that Kaden may have somehow pulled the heavy display unit onto himself , the Mirror reported .
Located near the tills , the display barriers usually contain smaller items such as socks , purses , hair accessories and sometimes sweets . Thames Valley Police said detectives were continuing to investigate the accident , which happened at the Oracle Shopping Centre .
Onlookers were left in tears as paramedics rushed to treat Kaden on the floor of the Topshop at around 4pm .
He was then rushed to hospital but died hours later .
The store remained closed for business on Tuesday .
A spokesman for Topshop , which has more than 300 stores in the UK , said the company was also investigating .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Hero shopkeeper fights off gunman with hostage Share this video Watch Next
“ The Topshop Board together with thousands of staff are deeply saddened by the horrific accident that occurred in our Reading store yesterday afternoon .
“ All our thoughts are very much with the family at this difficult time .
“ We are thoroughly investigating all the events surrounding this extremely sad situation . ”
Kaden 's parents , Lisa Cooper Mallett and Ian Reddick , were being comforted by family and friends .
Kaden 's aunt Chantelle , who lives in Plymouth , confirmed her nephew 's death and added : “ Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile .
“ He had an infectious personality and the world is now truly missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for .
“ I just want people to know , on this Valentine 's , to take life by the horns because literally every second is sacred .
“ Kaden never knew how many people truly loved him . ”
Another auntie Chantellie Lace paid tribute to Kaden on Facebook .
She wrote : “ My heart has been breaking from the moment I got the news and it hits home how fickle life really is .
“ Never take anything for granted because it can disappear so quickly .
“ From naming my cat Merlin to stealing my DS for an entire evening , Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile .
“ He had an infectious personality and the world is now truely missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for . ”
Witness Erika Fabiane Silva told of the moment she was asked to leave the shop .
She wrote on Facebook that she was at the store when the accident happened .
She said : “ They asked for us to get out of the door and the people that were inside were all crying . ”
She described it as an “ accident with furniture ” and said that the youngster had “ hurt his head ” .
A lone Police Community Support Officer and a security guard were posted on a scene watch outside the store on Tuesday although the shop was closed for business .
Roller shutters were pulled half-down over the entrance to the shop as customers were turned away from the first floor outlet at the Oracle , alongside the River Kennet .
Thames Valley Police said the boy 's death was being treated as unexplained but not suspicious .
A Dublin mother who told gardaí ­ she had a gun for self protection because of a threat on her life has been sentenced to five years , with two years suspended .
Garda Michelle Fitzpatrick told a sentence hearing last month that colleagues had served Niamh Fitzpatrick ( 39 ) GIM forms , which are Garda forms to notify a person of a threat on their life .
The garda then agreed with Keith Spencer BL , defending , that there had been a threat against Fitzpatrick but that had expired .
Mr Spencer submitted to Judge Melanie Greally that his client had been abducted from her flat and suffered a violent attack from a person who is since deceased . Counsel said Fitzpatrick suffered from “ profound Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder ” as a result of this violence .
Fitzpatrick , a mother-of-one from O'Rahilly House , Ringsend , Dublin pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to possessing a Smith & Wesson revolver in an air vent at her home on February 23rd , 2017 .
She has 21 previous convictions , mostly for minor road traffic offences .
Judge Greally said she did not think Fitzpatrick 's explanation for how she came into possession of the gun was credible and said it “ did not stand up to scrutiny ” .
She said a number of reports set out in “ considerable detail ” the many aspects of Fitzpatrick 's history , “ the traumatic incidents which have shaped her life and the damaging alliances which she had formed over her adult life ” .
The judge said she was taking into account the fact that Fitzpatrick had “ taken steps ” over the years to address her heroin addiction and the fact that she had a number of mental health issues .
Judge Greally sentenced Fitzpatrick to five years in prison and suspended the final two years on condition that she remain under 18 months of probation supervision on her ultimate release from prison .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hollywood actress Scarlett Johansson has faced backlash over another one of her roles .
Johansson faced criticised from some for taking her role in Ghost in the Shell adaptation away from an Asian actor , last year .
Now her latest role to be announced will see her star as trans man Dante “ Tex ” Gill , in Rub & Tug .
Gill became notorious in Pittsburgh during the late 70s and 80s , opening a string of massage parlours which authorities believed to be “ little more than brothels ” .
According to a local US newspaper obituary , Dante - who died in 2003 - is said to have identified as a man and asked to be called `` Mr Gill '' .
`` There are literally so many trans actors that could 've been cast in this role , '' one person wrote on Twitter .
Another wrote : `` Scarlett Johansson is playing a trans man in her next movie because her ultimate career goal is to take an acting job from a member of each and every marginalized group . ''
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The new film is to be directed by Rupert Sanders , who directed her in Ghost in the Shell .
In response to the criticism , Johansson 's rep provided comment to Bustle from the actor herself : “ Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor , Jared Leto , and Felicity Huffman 's reps for comment . ”
It is possible that former Chelsea star John Obi Mikel will be named in the Super Eagles squad for their upcoming World Cup qualifier against Cameroon in Uyo next month .
The midfielder has finally recovered from injury and lasted the distance in Tianjin Teda 's 2-0 loss to Hebei CFFC in the Chinese Super League yesterday .
Before yesterday 's meeting at Tianjin Tuanbo Soccer Stadium , Mikel last kicked a ball in a competitive fixture on April 2 in his team 's 2-0 win over Chongqing Dangdai Lifan .
In his absence , Tianjin Teda are in relegation troubles after winning only two games from a possible seventeen , while the Super Eagles were beaten 2-0 by South Africa in an African Cup of Nations qualifier .
Super Eagles manager Gernot Rohr is expected to announce his roster for the World Cup qualifier against the African champions this week .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County remain in talks with Frank Lampard over the vacant manager 's position at Pride Park Stadium .
It is understood that negotiations are at an advanced stage , with both parties keen to get a deal done .
The Rams are hoping to make an appointment by the end of the week , though there are thought to be some contractual issues still to resolve .
One of those could concern Lampard 's media commitments - he has signed up to be part of the BBC 's World Cup coverage in Russia .
The 39-year-old is apparently keen to bring in former Chelsea team-mate Jody Morris as part of his backroom staff .
Morris currently coaches Chelsea 's under-18 team , who he has guided to successive FA Youth Cup wins .
No further developments are expected today ( Wednesday ) but Derby will want to get a manager in place soon enough , so they can start preparing in earnest for the 2018-19 Championship campaign .
Gary Rowett led the Rams to the play-offs in 2017-18 but their promotion hopes were ended by Fulham at the semi-final stage .
Rowett left the club only a week later to replace Paul Lambert as Stoke City boss .
Derby began their search for a new manager and received more than 20 applications for the job .
Brentford boss Dean Smith was the early front runner with the bookmakers , along with former Derby player and coach Paul Simpson , Rams hero Igor Stimac and ex-Ipswich Town chief Mick McCarthy .
However , Lampard soon emerged as the favourite as the Rams started their interviewing process .
We asked our readers who they would like to see appointed and thousands voted in an online poll .
Lampard came out on top with 44 % of the vote , well ahead of Smith ( 24 % ) in second place .
The Essex-born star has been looking to move into football management since calling time on a glittering playing career last year .
He won three Premier League titles , four FA Cups and two League Cups .
The midfielder also won the Champions League and Europa League .
He is Chelsea 's all-time leading scorer with 211 goals in all competitions .
In total , he made 609 Premier League appearances and scored 177 goals in the top flight .
Lampard was recently linked with the Ipswich Town manager 's job . It was reported that he had two interviews but could not agree terms .
He is also said to have spoken to Oxford United earlier in the year .
The Times reports that Lampard has completed his UEFA A Licence , which allows him to manage in the Championship , and is planning to start work on his Pro Licence over the summer .
Chelsea have been helping him prepare for the next step in his career - he has been doing some coaching ( alongside Morris ) with the Blues ' under-18 side at the club 's Cobham base .
As Lampard quickly became the main contender for the Derby job , one bookmaker , BetVictor , suspended betting on the next Rams boss .
The man himself then confirmed that he was in talks with Derby when asked about it on BT Sport 's coverage of the Champions League final in Kiev .
Lampard told host Gary Lineker : `` There 's been interest from Derby and I 've been speaking with them .
`` I 'm ambitious and I want to become a manager at some point .
`` It 's a big club , with a big tradition and a big history , which I really like .
`` We 'll carry on speaking when I go home , and we 'll see . ''
That was on Saturday night , and on Monday afternoon , Lampard was spotted watching the League Two play-off final between Coventry City and Exeter City at Wembley .
It was reported that his ticket had been requested by the Rams . Was he on an early scouting mission for the club ?
Talks between Derby and Lampard are still ongoing , while Derby fans play the waiting game .
What if Australia has been wrong about Mr Cruel all along ?
The man who terrorised Victoria in the 1980s with a series of violent , disturbing attacks — often on children — has never been caught . Australians have always assumed he was a local who went underground or died when the attacks stopped in 1991 .
But there 's another theory that amateur crime buffs think holds weight and that police on the other side of the world were forced to investigate .
Police in Victoria and San Francisco compared notes on the notorious Golden State Killer , who shared a remarkable connection that made some wonder whether he and Mr Cruel were the same person , the Australian reported .
Advertisement
Mr Cruel terrorised Victoria during the 1980s . Photo / News Ltd
Before Mr Cruel attacked four girls under the age of 13 in Melbourne 's outer suburbs between 1987 and 1991 , culminating in the unsolved murder of Karmein Chan , the Golden State Killer was doing exactly the same thing on America 's west coast .
He murdered 12 people and raped 45 women in a series of depraved attacks during the 1970s and early 1980s . He left blood everywhere but covered his tracks and was never caught .
Then suddenly , in 1986 , the attacks stopped and the killer disappeared . A year later , Mr Cruel arrived in Melbourne .
The two lived by the same criminal code . The Australian reports they both took breaks to eat meals , were armed with a knife and a gun , pretended to have conversations with people who were n't there and used expert knots to tie up their victims — and in Mr Cruel 's case — to tie up parents while he attacked their children .
The links between the two killers did n't end there .
Both wore dark-coloured balaclavas and had long hair protruding from underneath — and because of that the police sketches are almost identical . Both crept into homes holding large knives and waited to be found . Both would be between 60 and 75 years old if still alive and both were pathologically meticulous .
Karmein Chan 's sister wrote a heartbreaking letter to her murdered sibling .
They also came under the microscope of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , despite the crimes occurring on different sides of the planet .
In 1991 , after the disappearance of Karmein Chan , the FBI sent a letter to Victoria Police . It detailed steps they should take to catch Mr Cruel , what his interests were , how his relationships likely played out and why he attacked where and when he did .
The FBI noted that `` the offender has an intense interest in children … will have his own home-made pornography [ and ] would typically live in a single-family residence , one with a garage or carport '' . The letter , dated April 24 , 1991 , stated that if the killer was in a relationship , `` the partner would be aware of sexual dysfunctions '' .
It was n't the last time Mr Cruel 's file would land on the desk of law enforcement in the United States .
In 2016 , after a renewed appeal for information into the unsolved murders committed by the so-called Golden State Killer , retired Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department detective David Gates suggested the GSK closely resembled a man wanted for burglaries in the mid-1980s who police later discovered had moved to Australia . When contacted by The Australian , Gates said `` the fair-haired college kid '' he had investigated was `` just a nasty piece of work '' .
On the other side of the world , Victoria Police were also watching the serial killer in California , but ruled out any suggestion the two were the same person .
The Golden State Killer 's story resurfaced recently thanks to a documentary entitled Unmasking a Killer . The five-part series claims to `` take viewers inside the investigation , the case files and the mind of the Golden State Killer — a man believed to be the most prolific uncaught rapist and serial killer in the nation '' .
The project , 10 years in the making , includes interviews with investigators and survivors .
The Golden State Killer first struck in 1978 with the double murder of Brian and Katie Maggiore in Sacramento . A year later he broke into the home of Robert Offerman and his girlfriend Debra Manning , tied them up and shot them .
Over the next six years he would kill three more couples and two single women . A number of the murders were in Goleta and Irvine , suggesting the killer returned to neighbourhoods he was familiar with .
The FBI suggested Mr Cruel did exactly the same thing . In their letter to Victorian Police , they said they believed the offender `` may reside in the vicinity of the first assault '' .
`` This is further strengthened by the fact that the offender has returned to that same general area in the fourth assault , '' the bureau said .
Karmein Chan was abducted while babysitting . Her body was found a year later and her killer has never been found . Photo / Supplied
The fourth assault they referred to followed the abduction and assaults of three young girls . One is described only as `` an 11-year-old girl '' and the other two were Nicola Lynas and Sharon Wills .
On the fourth occasion , Mr Cruel took Karmein Chan , 13 , from her home while she was babysitting her sisters , aged 9 and 7 . The teen was confronted with the masked intruder during an television ad break while the three girls were watching a movie in Karmein 's bedroom .
Mr Cruel grabbed the two younger girls and forced them into a cupboard before abducting Karmein .
Her body was found nearly a year later at a landfill site in Edgars Creek , not far from the Chan family home .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa 's faint hopes of automatic promotion will be extinguished if Cardiff City see off Derby County tonight .
A win for the Bluebirds will put them in pole position to finish in the top-two and also pull themselves away from Steve Bruce 's troops for good .
Any other outcome means that Villa still have a slight chance of out-gunning the Welsh outfit , and third-placed Fulham , with just two games to go .
Here are scenarios that could unfold after tonight 's game .
CARDIFF WIN
Put simply , Cardiff need two wins out of their remaining three games to secure promotion .
But they only need one more win to knock Villa out of the top-two race .
If they beat Derby tonight they will be seven points ahead of Villa and four ahead of Fulham with all sides having two games left .
This would mean that automatic promotion is out of Villa 's graspe .
The runners-up spot would then be decided in the final two games with Cardiff holding the advantage .
Cardiff will have it all in their own hands at that stage and require just one win to get it done .
These are the combinations Cardiff need to get the job done .
CARDIFF DRAW
If Cardiff draw tonight it means that it goes into another weekend .
But even then , the odds are stacked highly against Villa .
Bruce 's men would have to beat Derby County and Millwall and rely on Cardiff losing both of their remaining two games .
That would put Villa on the same amount of points as Neil Warnock 's side and with goal-difference decided who finishes in the highest postion .
Fulham are involved , too , and are currently three points ahead of Villa . If they pick up four points or more , Villa can not catch them .
But with just three points between the two sides , Villa know they can take it into the final day of the season if they match the Cottagers ' results AND Cardiff slip-up .
The 4-0 win at Ipswich last weekend also improved Villa 's goal-difference which will aid their chances if the others let them back in .
CARDIFF LOSE
If Cardiff loses tonight the situation is similar .
Villa would still have to win both of their remaining games and hope that Cardiff fail to win both of their remaining two .
The Bluebirds could , however , draw another one of their two games ( against Hull and Reading ) and still be pipped by Villa on goal-difference .
The situation for Fulham remains the same .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
So to re-iterate :
If Cardiff wins tonight , or another game for that matter , Villa CAN NOT make the top two .
If Cardiff draws or lose tonight , it goes into the weekend and we will then update you with the latest permutations later in the week !
John Terry latest
Aston Villa captain John Terry says he still has the 'appetite ' to play football .
Terry , 37 , is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade him to play on .
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal .
Speaking for the first time about his future , Terry told talkSPORT : `` I still have the appetite and hunger for sure . I just want to get this season finished .
`` My aim at the start of the season was to get us up , whether that was automatic or via the play-offs .
`` One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end .
Transfer rumour : Loanee set to stay at Aston Villa for another season
`` Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa , I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me . They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field .
`` It has been a good combination and worked well for both , I feel .
`` It 's been an incredible journey so far . It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed . I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
`` I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads , the manager has been superb with me , and the fans as well have been excellent .
Aston Villa 's new kit : What a previous Luke 1977 strip looks like
`` This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got , how big it is , the players , everyone deserves it . It is huge .
`` The travelling support is incredible . We are equipped to go up . We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that . ''
See what went down on the 95 WIIL ROCK Tom & Emily Morning Show on Friday 02/02/18 .
Europe is at the heart of global vaccine research and production . Influenza is a vaccine preventable disease and influenza vaccine has been available for use in Europe since 1960 's .
Approximately , at US $ 1 billion , Europe influenza market was closed . Nevertheless , the highest influenza market share was held by the United Kingdom . West Europe has more than US $ 500 Million . United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy and Spain hold 80 percent of influenza market share . France holds the second post , as the United States holds the first post in children vaccine market . In addition , in adult vaccine market , United States and Germany was almost at a same pace .
Seasonal influenza vaccines need a yearly update because of constant evolution of influenza viruses in Europe and other countries as well . The match between selected vaccine virus and those found circulating determine the effectiveness of seasonal influenza vaccine , which vary from year to year . There is a meeting held each year in February , in order to find the best match and increase the vaccine efficiency and effectiveness .
According to the market research report “ Europe Influenza Vaccine Market & Forecast ( 23 Countries Market & Vaccinated Population Data ) By ( Pediatrics & Adult ) & Vaccine Brands Analysis ” , the immunity that is extended by influenza vaccines is not as long lived as the immunity following natural influenza infection . This is particularly so for those who belong to the risk group , hence people have to be vaccinated yearly . There are three influenza immunization strategies which is feasible but Europe is the country where it is firstly most important and widely used .
Discreet analysis has been made on the part of competitors . There are three major players which have a major share of the influenza vaccine market in terms of revenue.The key influencers with their products in the influenza vaccine market are Sanofi Pasteur , GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , Seqirus , AstraZeneca and Protein Sciences Corporation . There are other emerging players as well as if Novavax , Daiichi-Sankyo , Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma , BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd and VaxInnate are making novel technology based influenza vaccine , which may tend to affect the market share in the future .
In Europe , protecting the vulnerable is one of the main strategies of immunization programs , which is to directly or indirectly protect individuals that are more vulnerable . Direct protection involves immunizing people who are more likely to develop austere disease if they are infected by influenza viruses . There is also an indirect protection strategy of immunizing those with close contact with people in risk groups . The importance of this is growingas that the ordinary influenza vaccines are more effective in healthy adults than older people and those with chronic conditions , including immunodeficiency and this is now accelerated . Moreover , children under six months of age that can not be vaccinated and it may be protected by the indirect ammunition strategies .
To determine how effective influenza vaccines work each season , influenza vaccine efficaciousness is measured in observational studies . Vaccine productiveness is an estimate of the likelihood that a vaccine prevents influenza infection when used in everyday practice . In Europe influenza , vaccine effectiveness studies have been followed according to a desired manner since in year 2008-09 , a network of public health and academic researchers . However , results have been come out by age group and by various influenza vaccine strains . In general , a vaccine effectiveness and cooperative assessment has been estimated for the three different influenza A ( H1N1 , H3N2 ) and B strains ( Victoria or Yamagata lineages ) apart from the last two seasons where only a limited effectiveness was observed against influenza yield by circulating H3N2 viruses due to mismatch .
Topics Covered in The Report
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Research Report
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Size
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market
Europe Influenza Vaccine Trade Market
Europe Influenza Vaccine Production Output
Europe Influenza Vaccine Import Volume
Europe Influenza Vaccine Export Volume
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Future Outlook
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market competition
UK Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Spain Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Europe Seasonal Influenza Child Vaccine Market
Netherlands Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Denmark Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Finland Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Ireland Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Italy Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Luxembourg Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Romania Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market Growth
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market future
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market size
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market share
For further reading click on the link below :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/pharmaceuticals/europe-influenza-vaccine-market-forecast/104290-91.html
Related reports :
Global Bone Allograft and Xenograft Market by Manufacturers , Countries , Type and Application , Forecast to 2022
Global Enteric Empty Capsules Market by Manufacturers , Countries , Type and Application , Forecast to 2022
Contact Us :
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta , Head Marketing & Communications
Ankur @ kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
www.kenresearch.com
She 's not a gold digger . She does love him . And yes , they do have sex . And frankly , she says , any more detail about that is no one 's business but their own .
The former Elizabeth Donnelly is now Liz Dotcom .
In Mrs Dotcom 's first ever interview , given 12 days after they married in Coatesville in north Auckland , she spoke openly about meeting and falling in love with the man who the United States portrays as the internet 's Dr Evil .
We met in a stylish bungalow in Coatesville , on a hill above the $ 30m mansion where Dotcom was arrested during the January 2012 raid . He lost his rental rights to the mansion but has retained ownership of this house .
Advertisement
Kim and Liz Dotcom moved in the day before , giving up their new Queenstown life . His doctor had warned Dotcom his health now meant he needed to stay close Auckland .
This is where I first met Mona Dotcom in 2012 , a few weeks after the FBI-inspired raid . Mona , his former wife and mother to his children , sat exactly where Liz Dotcom is seated .
Like Mona , Liz seems astonishingly young and beautiful , wearing clothes worth more than the car I parked outside . The bling is blinding and probably worth more than my house .
So much has happened in the six years since the raid - innumerable court hearings which have seen more than $ 40m consumed by lawyers gathered to argue over the carcass of Dotcom 's Megaupload business .
In that time , Kim Dotcom and Mona separated . She now has her own new relationship , and has stayed in Queenstown with the children . It 's the type of New Zealand life they always said they wanted for the children when first moving to New Zealand in 2010 .
Kim and Liz Dotcom on their wedding day in Coatesville , Auckland .
Liz Donnelly met Dotcom after he approached her online . She grew up in Herne Bay , had just turned 20 and was studying business and law at the University of Auckland .
She was dining with friends at Botswana on Auckland 's waterfront when her phone flashed an Instagram message .
He had seen her photograph online and wanted to say hello . `` I do n't even know how he knew about me , '' she says .
She told her table of friends . They thought it was cool but a little crazy . As dinner went on , Liz and Dotcom spent the evening batting messages back and forwards .
Dotcom asked her and her friends over - his Princes Wharf penthouse apartment was less the five minutes walk away .
`` I actually did n't end up going . And then just before I went on holiday , I went and saw him and we got on really well . I stayed quite a few hours . ''
They had already spoken on the phone and messaged , but now they sat together and talked . And talked . And talked .
Mrs Dotcom , in Queenstown .
`` When I was first there and we were talking , it was getting to know each other . But then afterwards we both knew we got on really well .
`` I just think you know when you know , when you meet someone . I knew… and then you have to process it a little bit . ''
This was towards the end of 2015 . It was crunch time for Dotcom - just before Christmas , a critical court judgment was issued saying he was liable for extradition to the United States to answer charges of massive internet piracy related to his website Megaupload .
Fifty years in jail , I say to Liz Dotcom . No , she says , it 's 88 years . That 's one of a number of times she corrects generalisations with specifics . She is assertive and bright , and like a devil with the details .
She rang Dotcom and offered commiserations and understanding and then visited again , the night before jetting off to Thailand for three weeks holiday .
She met the children then . Kimmo , who is the eldest , was introduced and cheekily told his dad : `` She 's 11 out of 10 . ''
`` Before I went , he asked if I thought I really should go ( on holiday ) . But it was all booked and sorted so I went . ''
Kim Dotcom and Elizabeth Donnelly , as she was then , in Queenstown .
While she was away , he messaged and left it open to her to contact him when she returned to New Zealand .
In Thailand , she thought about Dotcom , shopped for presents for his children then came back to New Zealand to tell her mum she was going to 'see ' Dotcom .
Her mother replied : `` Oh my God , what is everyone in our family going to say ? '' ( It seems , quite a bit : `` The majority of them have accepted it now for what it is . They now know we 're together and we 're married . '' )
There never seemed much of an issue with age to her , she says . `` At the time I was already hanging around an older group of people . It was n't too unusual .
`` Everyone I was hanging around with was around that age . I 'm not the first and I wo n't be the last ( to love an older man ) . ''
It seems more common overseas , she thinks , and wonders if New Zealand is just `` judgey '' .
`` It 's just normal to me . And Kim is the biggest kid anyway . ''
By the time it became public - early February 2016 - they had decided it was love .
`` We just clicked . Things got pretty serious straight away . We both knew that 's what we wanted . It was n't like either of us was feeling pressured into it . We both wanted it . ''
Kim and Liz Dotcom on their wedding day in Coatesville , Auckland .
Dotcom warned her that going public would create `` craziness '' . `` He prepared me , made sure that 's what I wanted . ''
It seems naive , now , she says . She had thought there might be a few media stories and the world would move on .
`` But it really just blew up . '' The response stunned her because it 's not how she saw the situation .
`` It still does n't seem as big as what a lot of people make out . It 's hard to comprehend . ''
The commentary was brutal . Now 22 , she 's exactly half his age and - as many pointed out - quite a bit less than half his weight . These points and others were made repeatedly , often cruelly , online .
`` I never once was upset . A lot of girls would have been really upset with what people are saying . The truth hurts but none of it was true . The mean things people were saying - none of it hurt me . It really did n't .
Liz Dotcom at the home she shares with husband Kim Dotcom in Coatesville , Auckland . Photo / Jason Oxenham
`` I was just so happy with Kim . He was so nice and everything was so pretty and perfect , I just blocked it out . ''
As it got increasingly out of control , they devised a break up that never really happened .
`` I think we were together while he was tweeting ( the break up announcement ) . We just needed a bit of peace because it was getting a bit crazy .
`` It made people leave us alone . They kind of realised what they had done . And then they shut down . ''
Liz likens it to cyberbullying - `` it 's like with a teenage girl where they all feel really bad after she does something '' .
And then they cancelled the `` break up '' and it started again and , one way or another , it has never really stopped .
But the slurs stay online . `` No one is mean when we 're out . '' People call out to say hello or offer well wishes .
Neither of the couples asked to marry the other . `` It was kind of just a given . We wanted to from the start . At the very start , we had spoken about it , for sure .
Liz Dotcom , on her wedding day . She says the dress was `` as heavy as I am '' .
`` He knows what he wants . I think there was no point in going on and on if it was n't what I wanted when he already knew . ''
Is she too young to get married ? `` I do n't think so . '' Having said that , she admits being being constantly surprised it came along as soon in life as it did .
It continued to surprise her , although that 's now replaced with surprise that it has happened . She was called `` Mrs Dotcom '' the other day . `` I 'm married to Kim . It 's so crazy . ''
I ask about their first argument . Dotcom is an interesting person to argue with because he does n't , ever , like to lose .
But in two years , she says there has n't been one . `` Kim 's always honest . If he does n't like something he 'll say . But I respect him not to argue and I would never yell at him .
`` I respect him and he respects me too . If something is n't right , I would always tell him and he would always tell me . ''
Liz Dotcom at the home she shares with husband Kim Dotcom in Coatesville , Auckland . Photo / Jason Oxenham
They talked about extradition and the possibility of prison in the US .
`` At first it was quite hard when you 're catching feelings for someone and then knowing that 's there . It 's quite hard , knowing that you could be completely heartbroken if something was to happen . ''
`` Kim said it would be years ( before it was decided ) but I just did n't know much about it . Could it be next year or the next six months ? I just did n't know . ''
Since then , she 's sat in on meetings with lawyers and talked with Dotcom about the case .
`` I definitely feel better about it now . I 'm confident , like Kim is , that it will all be fine . It 's still in my head , of course . I 'm not that naive . It could turn the other way but then that would be political , not the law .
`` It would be all political because Kim should win . ''
What do you see in him ? `` I think when you see Kim in the news or in the paper , he looks way more intimidating than when you meet him .
`` But he 's just so kind . He would never intentionally hurt anyone 's feelings . He 's so kind and accommodating . Considerate , thoughtful . ''
And what does he see in you ? `` He says I 'm genuine and kind and just natural . I 'm not faking anything .
The former Dotcom mansion in Coatesville . Kim and Liz Dotcom live in a neighbouring bungalow .
`` He just wanted someone who would stand by him . Because obviously going through what he 's going through is hard to do on your own .
`` No drama , no nothing - just harmony. , That 's his word - harmony . He just wanted harmony and love . ''
I warn her there 's an awkward question . `` They call you… ''
`` Go on , say it , '' she dares . `` They call you a gold-digger , '' I say .
Liz : `` Nice cars , nice bags , nice clothes - it 's all nice but it 's not happiness . It 's happiness for a minute or two when you 've got it and you 're holding it but apart from that , it 's when you 're with the person you 're happy - when I 'm with Kim .
`` We 're just together like any couple is - and there 's just nice things around . ''
She has one semester of study before finishing university and after years of studying law , does n't want to be a lawyer .
Instead , she wants to create and grow a business but says the right idea has n't quite happened yet .
And there are children to come . `` Since Kim has so many kids the topic is always there . People always ask . We definitely want kids together .
`` I want kids really badly and we speak about it every week , every day . I think maybe I want two , or maybe three . ''
She 's already step-mother to five . `` That 's seven or eight for Kim . But yeah , we definitely want kids . ''
They would do IVF , she says , and have discussed surrogacy in New Zealand and Hong Kong . Dotcom , in my experience , has an absolute conviction the wonders of science trump those of nature . His other children were all conceived through IVF .
She says they have already spoken with fertility services in New Zealand and Hong Kong .
But what about sex ? `` Everything is normal . It 's just normal . '' And mind your own business .
At that point Dotcom walks into the room , rubbing sleep from his eyes . He often adjusts sleeping patterns to fit with the time zone he 's working in .
`` We were just talking about babies , '' she says . Dotcom beams : `` Let 's have more babies ! ''
David Fisher has covered Kim Dotcom and the Megaupload case for the NZ Herald since the day of the raid in January 2012 . He has also written a book about the case and been involved in the documentary , Kim Dotcom : Caught in the Web .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sections of the Aston Expressway were being closed on Monday to allow workers to remove dangerous icicles .
Roadblocks were being rolled out on the A38M as council contractor Amey cut the ice which formed on bridges and overhead gantries .
The closures started on the outbound section at 2pm , to be followed by the inbound section later in the day .
( Image : Lichfield Mercury )
Birmingham City Council tweeted : “ Motorists using the A38M : Rolling road blocks are in place on Aston Expressway inbound from 2pm ( outbound to follow ) to allow @ Amey emergency crews to remove hazardous ice reported on overhead gantries and bridges . ”
It was the latest travel blow after trains between Lichfield , Sutton Coldfield and Birmingham city centre were knocked out on the Cross City Line .
Services were not due to run until at least 7pm on Monday because of problems with overhead power lines .
Coaches and minibuses were replacing trains on the route between Lichfield and Sutton .
( Image : @ cmpg )
National Express West Midlands services were accepting rail tickets from Sutton into central Birmingham .
But West Midlands Railway , the company which operates the line , warned there was likely to be disruption for the rest of the day .
The southern half of the route , from New Street to Redditch and Longbridge , was unaffected .
Four minibuses will shuttle between Lichfield Trent Valley and Lichfield City .
A total of 16 coaches will shuttle between Lichfield City and Sutton Coldfield , calling at Shenstone , Blake Street , Butlers Lane and Four Oaks .
A spokesman for West Midlands Railways apologised for the disruption : “ Network Rail engineers have been working in freezing conditions throughout the night to repair the damage , so that the line can reopen as quickly as possible .
“ In the meantime , please accept our sincere apologies for the obvious inconvenience this disruption is causing ; we appreciate that it 's not the best start to the week for our Cross City passengers . ”
Photo : Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of his debut album , Love Hate .
Related : Ty Dolla $ ign Drops ‘ Love U Better ' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of his full-length debut , which dropped on Dec. 11 , 2007 .
“ Love Hate Changed Everything ! , ” The-Dream shared on Instagram . “ Like it or Not ! ”
Listen to the new track , “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” which contains explicit lyrics , now at Radio.com .
Will the Israeli Defense Forces condemn the use of unnecessary force to arrest or detain Palestinian children as young as 11 too ?
Israeli soldiers steal fruit from a Palestinian market vendor during clashes in Hebron . pic.twitter.com/lS6cWAaNHZ — Alexandra Halaby ( @ iskandrah ) December 9 , 2017
An Israeli army commander has reportedly been suspended after he was filmed stealing fruit from a Palestinian vendor amid violent demonstrations in Gaza , Jerusalem and the West Bank .
The sergeant was filmed by another stall owner , who was hiding in a nearby spot as clashes broke out in Hebron , West Bank , between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians protesting against U.S. President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's undivided capital .
After taking apples from an abandoned stall , the soldier shared them with two of his comrades .
However , it was n't exactly the soldier 's actions that shocked the internet .
No , it was , instead , the Israel Defense Forces ' ( IDF ) swift response to the incident that prompted widespread reaction on the web .
Read More Declaring Jerusalem Israel 's Capital Could Ignite Bloodshed And Chaos
Soon after the video of the fruit theft took the web by storm , the IDF tweeted it did not condone the soldiers behavior and he was `` suspended from duty and punished . ''
Today , during operational activity in Hebron , an IDF commander took fruit from a Palestinian 's stand . The IDF does not condone this behavior . The incident was investigated and the commander was suspended from duty and punished — IDF ( @ IDFSpokesperson ) December 9 , 2017
The announcement unleashed a barrage of criticism against Israeli military and law-enforcement forces , who , over the years , have never condoned actions such as :
`` unnecessary force to arrest or detain Palestinian children as young as 11 , ''
choking and throwing stun grenades at them ,
beating them in custody ,
and threatening and interrogating them without the presence of parents or lawyers , according to Human Rights Watch .
In addition , IDF plays an active part in demolishing the homes of Palestinians who have lived for decades in the region . Just in November , the army ordered some 300 Palestinians in the northern Jordan Valley to remove all their property from the area , which , the locals believe , is an evacuation and demolition order .
While the IDF 's suspension of the fruit thief soldier was , perhaps , the right call , let 's not forget the Israeli military forces have been committing far worse and inhumane abuses for decades and continue to commit them unabashedly .
Read More Here 's What Israel Does With Billions Of American Taxpayer Dollars
Thumbnail Credits : Reuters
Thousands of Americans held demonstrations on Sunday in New York City and Washington , DC to protest President Donald Trump 's response to the deadly violence that erupted at the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville over the weekend .
According to presstv.ir , the demonstrators marched from Columbus Circle to Times Square in New York City . They held signs with messages reading , “ No ! The Trump/Pence Regime Must Go ! ” and “ Make Racists Afraid Again…Smash White Supremacy ! ”
The protesters tried to hold a demonstration outside Trump Tower in Manhattan in New York City , but police prevented them from gathering in front of the building .
Meanwhile , thousands of people also held a rally outside the White House before marching toward the Trump International Hotel in Washington , DC . The demonstrators yelled `` shame , shame '' as they gathered outside the hotel owned by the billionaire president .
In Seattle , police made arrests and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged in downtown .
Elsewhere , demonstrators denounced fascism and called for the removal of Confederate monuments , which initially prompted the violent rally by white nationalists in Charlottesville .
The Charlottesville chaos , which caused three deaths , was held to protest the removal of a Confederate statue .
President Trump came under bipartisan criticism after he failed to explicitly condemn the white nationalists for Saturday 's outbreak of violence in Charlottesville .
The White House later tried to placate critics , saying Trump 's vague condemnation of “ many sides ” included Ku Klux Klan , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups .
It said the president denounced all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred .
`` The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred , '' the White House clarified on Sunday . `` He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Trump said on Saturday during an event in Bedminster , New Jersey , that he was not responsible for the crime as similar attacks had already taken place under his predecessors .
`` It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not [ former President ] Barack Obama . This has been going on for a long , long time , '' he said , before highlighting his accomplishments .
But Republicans and Democrats have called for a straightforward condemnation from Trump , urging him to denounce the car incident as a terror attack by white supremacists .
Dealer has ambitions to be a unified communications specialist this year
Solar Communications celebrated a £1.1 million contract win and is aiming to bag two acquisitions this year to hit £22 million in revenue .
Last week the firm won the tender to supply cloud unified communications to travel agency Clarity Travel in a deal worth £1.1 million . As a result , the firm took on 700 connections , although the total figure was not disclosed .
The firm 's revenue run-rate is now at £21.22 million , up from £20.6 million revenue recorded for its 2017 financial year ending December 31 .
Speaking to Mobile News , CEO John Whitty said two acquisitions is the aim for the unified communications specialist this year . The Manchester-headquartered firm has acquired two dealers in the past two years – TWL and Denwa .
The firm holds multiple accreditations – Gold Solutions and Gold Cloud Solutions partner with Mitel , Gamma platinum partner , summit partner with Silver Peak , and a Microsoft silver partner . The firm acquires airtime and handsets from Zest 4 .
Staff numbers currently stand at 97 while customer base is 2,100 .
Whitty told Mobile News : “ Five months into the year and we 're on track to hit that target £22 million in revenue by the end of the year .
“ Clarity is one of our largest deals to date . We had a long-standing customer in Portman Travel which was part of the merger to form Clarity .
“ Through that relationship we managed to bid for the whole group 's telephony infrastructure and were successful against Clarity 's incumbent and other parties as
well .
“ We need to continue to grow organically and inorganically via acquisitions . We have a number of those in the pipeline . We 'd like to do one or two acquisition this calendar year we have the pipeline to do so . ”
Minassian was not affiliated with any terrorist organizations but a Facebook account with the same name talked about a “ Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger . ”
There were reports saying that the Toronto driving suspect Alek Minassian was a “ dark skinned man ” ... And this is an alleged photo of him . So this is “ dark skinned ” ? pic.twitter.com/qKhJ5cFqIA — Tariq Nasheed ( @ tariqnasheed ) April 23 , 2018
Ten people were killed and 15 were injured on April 23 after a white Ryder van plowed through pedestrians along a one-kilometer stretch of Yonge Street in Toronto . Police have identified the suspect as 25-year-old Alek Minassian from Richmond Hill , Ontario .
Cell phone video showed Minassian stepping out the busted van as a stand-off between the suspect and police ensued . Minassian allegedly pointed a dark object at the officers who were telling him to “ get on the ground. ” In the video , the suspect could be heard telling officers to “ kill me ” and shoot him in the head .
Here 's what we know about him .
In his LinkedIn profile , Minassian is identified as a student of Seneca College in North York . The profile also listed him as a software developer who was working on a number of apps .
Joseph Pham , who took computer programming classes with the suspect , said Minassian was not very social and did not like to draw attention to himself .
“ He kept to himself . He did n't really talk to anyone , ” he told The Star .
“ I 'm not sure if he had any very , very close friends , at least publicly , ” Ari Bluff , another classmate , told CBC News . “ I never saw him with a group of friends , generally . But whenever we would see him in the hallways , we 'd always speak to him or say hi to him or whatnot . ”
Read More Waffle House Suspect Self-Identified As A Domestic Terrorist In 2017
Another fellow student said Minassian suffered from compulsions like tapping his head and shaky heads and said he thought the suspect had “ significant social or mental disability . ”
According to The Sun , Minassian was not affiliated with any terrorist organizations but a Facebook account with the same name and photo as the suspect , referred to a “ Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger . ”
Rodger killed six people and injured 14 others when he went on a deadly rampage in Isla Vista , California , in 2014 . He then killed himself in his car . Before the attack , Rodger had raged about a number of women who were not romantically interested in him and who had rendered him “ incels ” — a term which means being “ involuntarily celibate . ”
However , Toronto police chief Mark Saunders said , “ Based on what we have there 's nothing that has it to compromise the national security at this time . ”
His words were echoed by Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale who acknowledged the incident was “ horrendous ” but stopped short of calling it a terrorist attack .
Saunders also said they do not yet understand Minassian 's motive but his said the suspect 's actions “ definitely looked deliberate . ”
He also said no firearm was found in possession of the suspect at the time of the arrest and he was also not known by the Toronto Police Department .
The police chief said there will be a “ tremendous amount ” of work involved to process the scene and the police department , as well as its federal and provincial counterparts , is investigating the incident .
Minassian is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday in North York .
Banner/Thumbnail credit : REUTERS/Saul Porto
PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( AP ) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation 's first offshore wind farm .
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $ 250 million in investments in Rhode Island .
Democratic Gov . Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement .
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy , enough to power about 600,000 homes .
Advertisement
Deepwater Wind also built the nation 's first offshore wind farm off Block Island , Rhode Island . It has five turbines . With this latest project , the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha 's Vineyard .
`` It is an enormous clean energy machine , '' Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said . `` It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year . It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States . And we 're going to build it and deliver that at low cost . ''
Grybowski said he could n't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid . He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a `` game changer '' in replacing those sources .
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $ 1 billion to build the wind farm . Another 50 permanent jobs will be created .
The $ 250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $ 40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects .
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created . She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry . She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state .
`` This is big . This is about as big as it gets , '' she said .
Deepwater Wind did n't ask for tax credits for the project , called Revolution Wind .
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms , which the states describe as a collaborative effort , will be located south of Martha 's Vineyard . The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts ' first offshore wind farm .
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023 . The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes , or about half the homes in Rhode Island .
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area . Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island , New York .
MDC formations and civic groups have welcomed the appointment of Justice Priscilla Chigumba as Zimbabwe Election Commission ( ZEC ) chairperson , saying she has the attributes and qualifications required for the job . Justice Chigumba was sworn into office by President Mnangagwa on Thursday . MDC-T spokesperson Mr Obert Gutu said Justice Chigumba had a strong personality .
“ Justice Chigumba is an astute legal mind with a strong sense of independence and integrity , ” he said . “ As the MDC , we are confident that if she is given the proper latitude to perform her duties as the ZEC chairperson she will definitely excel . ”
The Welshman Ncube-led MDC welcomed Justice Chigumba 's appointment .
“ As the MDC , we welcome the new ZEC chairperson who is a distinguished lawyer and brings a wealth of experience as a judge . A lot is expected of her because she has a huge task of delivering credible , free and fair elections , ” the party 's spokesperson Mr Kurauone Chihwayi said .
The Zimbabwe Elections Support Network an umbrella body of NGO 's called upon Justice Chigumba to ensure free and fair elections .
“ ZESN notes the appointment of Justice Priscilla Chigumba as the new chairperson of the ZEC . ZESN calls upon the newly appointed Chairperson to spearhead the requisite legislative and administrative reforms to ensure that the 2018 elections are , free , fair and credible , ” ZESN said in the statement .
“ As head of the electoral commission , Justice Chigumba must strive to safeguard and protect the independence of ZEC by ensuring that principles of good electoral management such as transparency , integrity , professionalism , competence and fairness are upheld .
“ Furthermore , the network calls upon the new ZEC chairperson to ensure that provisions of the Electoral Act that guarantee freeness and fairness of electoral processes are respected by all electoral stakeholders in particular political parties. ” Herald
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern is being used as a poster-child for Marxist ideas in a prestigious British medical journal .
In a November editorial for The Lancet , editor Dr Richard Horton discusses the impact of Marxism on the health sector . He does n't actually call Ardern a Marxist , but suggests that she has opened the door for Marxist ideas to be debated .
`` More and more people , especially younger generations , believe that economies based only on free markets are not necessarily the best means to deliver fairer or healthier societies , '' Horton writes .
`` New Zealand 's new Prime Minister , Jacinda Ardern , noted last month that , 'When you allow markets to decide the fate of your people … that does not serve a country or people well . ' Marxist ideas have re-entered the political debate . ''
Advertisement
In a response in the Spectator Australia , Carlos D'Abrera addresses Horton 's use of Ardern as a champion for Marxism .
`` That the millennial Ms Ardern should be considered a 'go-to ' authority on such matters should trouble Kiwis and Marxists alike . ''
National 's health spokesman Jonathan Coleman brought up The Lancet editorial during Question Time today while asking about whether the Government would support a public-private partnership for building Dunedin Hospital .
In ruling out a PPP , Coleman asked if that was why `` the world 's oldest medical journal says in its November editorial that , with Jacinda Ardern , Marxist ideas have re-entered the political debate in health ? ''
Asked about The Lancet 's general availability , Coleman , who sought to table the editorial , said : `` You probably would n't get it at your local dairy . ''
It 's not the first time Ardern has been associated with the legacy of Karl Marx .
Newstalk ZB host Leighton Smith made similar observations after watching a speech from 2009 when Ardern headed the International Union of Socialist Youth , where she used the word `` comrade '' several times .
`` Comrades this , comrades that . Comrade means something , '' Smith said .
`` She said this morning it does n't mean anything , it 's just – I 'm sorry , it does . Comrade means something . It is actually a Marxist term . And you do n't pick that sort of thing up because you 're not a Marxist . ''
During the election campaign , Morrinsville farmer Craig Sinclair protested against Labour 's proposed water tax with a sign that called Ardern a `` pretty communist '' .
When asked what she thought of the sign , Ardern said : `` I 'm a pretty communist ? Did they intend that to be a compliment or an insult ? I 'm not entirely sure . ''
An October headline in The Australian proclaimed : `` Kiwis now led by a commie as Ardern attacks capitalism and embraces socialist roots . ''
The Prime Minister 's office declined to comment .
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , she says , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in her profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' she says .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became his own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' he says . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
Since the ‘ Green Carpet ‘ of ‘ Gluco Allahyar and the Legend of Markhor ' , cinemas successfully grabbed abundant of viewers to watch the movie . In the star-studded premiere , celebrities who were not even a part of this movie came to watch it . Most celebs came along with their children since it was a majorly anticipated animation treat .
The visual sensation by Uzair Zaheer Khan is engulfed with valuable lessons like loving nature and not judging anyone on the basis of caste or ethnicity . Also , extraordinary music by Ahmed Ali was oozing from the colorful animation which is incorporated keenly into the movie .
An amazing soundtrack can elevate the chances to grab spectators ' attention and ‘ Allah Allah Bol ' by Ali Noor certainly proved this to be accurate . Directed by Ali Noor 's spouse , Mandana Zaidi , ‘ Allah Allah Bol ' has unequivocal ingredients to be the soul of this movie . It would be not a mistake if one claims this song to be a literal winner that is included in any Pakistani movie in years .
Ali Noor has oodles of talent and is an owner to breathtaking looks to pursue a career as an actor anytime he wants but his recent song ‘ Allah Allah Bol ' certainly got us glued to hear more from him . Directed By Mandana Zaidi , the song comprised of power packed performances by Ali Noor , Natasha Humera Ajaz , and Anum Zaidi along with few children including Ali Noor 's daughter Sanjana .
The song starts with Ali Noor wearing a set of headphones followed by freestyle dances children and adults did . Moreover , a black and white caricature of Allahyar was also seen in the video various times .
During the song , the screen was also taken by Ali Noor 's daughter , Sanjana where she has sung a stanza of four lines ,
“ Hum tou nachay gayen gey ,
Yun hi muskurayen gey ,
Hastay hastay yun hi hum ,
Duniya pe chaa jayen gey . ”
The music video of the exceptionally charming song has gotten more than 4k views in just few hours and is liked by a massive populace . The movie also contains two more songs which are as fabulous as ‘ Allah Allah Bol ' and they 're called ‘ Hum Hain Rahi ' by Ali Noor and ‘ Muskurai Ja ' by Natasha Humera Ajaz , an altered version of Zohaib Hasan 's ‘ Muskurai Ja ' .
Here are the videos of ‘ Hum Hain Rahi ' and ‘ Muskurai Ja ' .
Do tell us about your favorite song in the comments ' section below .
Comments
comments
Seven pokie machines were removed from a Far North hotel yesterday after the owners ' decision to give them the boot .
The owners of the Rawene Masonic Hotel disabled the machines after a baby was left alone outside last Thursday while its mother gambled on the machines .
The machines are unlikely to be placed elsewhere in the district due to the Far North District Council 's sinking lid policy on pokies .
The machines , which belong to a trust , would be put in storage , hotel owner Glen Dick said .
Advertisement
He said the future of his business was uncertain because the pokies brought in up to $ 1000 a week .
`` We do n't know what will happen now with the business , but at least we know we will have got rid of the pokie machines . ''
The machines after being disabled . Photo / Supplied
Dick said he has had some feedback from people suggesting that alcohol was more harmful than pokies and should go too .
`` At least when they come to the pub to drink , it 's controlled and managed , '' he said .
`` It 's not like when they go to the bottle shop and take it home . ''
The young woman who left her baby alone was playing the pokies at the time , as were several others in recent months who left children unattended in cars outside the hotel .
Hāpai Te Hauora ( Māori Public Health ) has expressed support for the move .
`` Hāpai Te Hauora would like to extend support to the young mother , and also to congratulate the actions of the owners who recognise the harm that gambling machines can do , especially when placed in vulnerable communities , '' a spokesperson said .
The Rawene Masonic Hotel . Photo / Supplied
`` Hāpai would like to encourage and offer support to other gaming venues who are considering the gambling related harm in their communities , and would like to take action by removing gaming machines , or investing further in host responsibility . ''
Despite the sinking lid policy and 10 fewer gaming machines available in the Far North in the first quarter of this year , more money was spent on them .
Where to go for help
• Salvation Army Oasis 0800 530 000 , salvationarmy.org.nz
• Gambling Helpline 0800 654 655 or gamblinghelpline.co.nz
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a group of robbers used a digger to obliterate the walls of a Midland convenience store - before making off with the cash machine .
In the CCTV footage released by the police in the hope of finding the gang , two men are shown guiding the driver of the digger into the side of a Nisa store .
After repeatedly tearing into the walls in the ruthless smash-and-grab robbery , the masked men then attach the ATM to the digger , hoisting it up in the air .
It is loaded onto a trailer connected to the back of an old Mitsubishi Shogun , shown waiting in the background of the shocking footage .
The gang struck the Nisa store on Station Road , Hatton , in the early hours of Thursday August 3 . The police arrived at the scene just as the men started to flee , and one thief threw a metal bar at the officers before escaping .
Derbyshire police are looking for anyone who has any information about the incident to come forward and help find the men involved .
The police added : `` Do you know anyone with a 4x4 or trailer ? Did you see supicious vehicles or the digger in the area around 2:30am on August 3 ? `` If you have any information that could help the police , call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Woman found strangled in Schaumburg apartment
hello
Schaumburg police are investigating the strangulation of a 33-year-old woman whose body was discovered in her apartment Sunday after a request for a well-being check .
Tiffany Thrasher , of Clipper Drive , is believed to have died sometime between 8 p.m. Saturday and 11:45 a.m. Sunday , police said .
Nobody was in custody and no motive had been established as of late Monday afternoon , according to investigators .
The Cook County medical examiner 's office conducted an autopsy Monday morning , and classified the death as a homicide by strangulation .
Friends of Thrasher were waiting outside her apartment when police officers arrived and entered the apartment for the requested well-being check .
Detectives are interviewing family , friends and associates to develop leads in the case , police said . Investigators are asking anyone with possible information related to the crime to call them at ( 847 ) 882-3534 .
Follow KYS On Twitter : Follow @ 939WKYS
The much talked about fight between future Boxing Hall of Famer Floyd Mayweather & UFC Champion Conor McGregor has reportedly been signed and sealed . The two fighters are set to box August 26th in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Terms of the deal were not available but this fight is expected to be one of the biggest pay-per-view draws ever .
Sign Up For Our Newsletter !
Close Thank you for subscribing ! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription .
The mega-fight will take place at either the MGM Grand Garden or T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas . Neither UFC president Dana White , Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe could be reached for comment .
Mayweather decided to put down his gloves after posting a 49-0 record and wins over Manny Pacquiao and his final match versus Andre Berto . He currently promotes a vast stable of fighters under his Maywether Promotions banner including Baltimore 's IBF Lightweight Champion Gervonta Davis own McGregor currently the reigning UFC Lightweight Champion with a 21 and 3 record ( 18 Wins by knockout ) .
McGregor took to Twitter to announce the fight .
THE FIGHT IS ON . pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor ( @ TheNotoriousMMA ) June 14 , 2017
If you do n't know , the other guy in the photo is Floyd Mayweather 's father .
Source | Yahoo Sports
Also Check Out : Baltimore Native Gervonta Davis Wins IBF Junior Lightweight Title
Also Check Out : Floyd Mayweather Caught Arguing With His Daughter 's Cheer Team Judges
# DontFryDay : 12 Million Twitter Impressions Spread Message of Sun Safety
This article originally appeared here .
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Social media is an ideal platform to reach teenagers and young adults to encourage sun safety .
Social media is an ideal platform to reach teenagers and young adults to encourage sun safety . A research letter published in JAMA Dermatology shared data on the reach of the National Council on Skin Cancer Prevention 's 2017 Do n't Fry Day Twitter campaign .
Researchers from the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda , Maryland , and the Cancer Prevention and Control Program at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , used Twitter metrics to assess data and identify what types of individuals and organizations engaged with Do n't Fry Day campaign content .
The 2017 Do n't Fry Day campaign took place on May 26 , the Friday before Memorial Day weekend . The Council provided a number of social media resources and encouraged participants to tweet using the hashtag # DontFryDay .
The hashtag was used to identify and place participants into 1 of 9 categories based on user 's Twitter handles : federal government affiliated ; state or local government affiliated ; nongovernmental health organization ; cancer , health , or medical center ; news or media organization ; individuals with verified accounts ; individuals with nonverified accounts ; businesses ; or other . Tweets were analyzed during a 5-day period around May 26 , 2017 . Impressions were used as a measure of potential exposure .
Individual users without a verified account had the highest number of contributors , with 747,713 impressions from 555 accounts . Individuals with verified accounts comprised the fewest contributors ( n=18 ) but the most impressions ( n=8,735,549 ) . News organizations , nongovernmental organizations , and cancer , health , and medical centers accounted for the next highest numbers of impressions — 2,573,450 , 1,557,819 , and 1,376,560 impressions , respectively . Sixty-four contributors could not be classified but accounted for 139,278 impressions . The fewest impressions came from the 201 accounts that were either deleted or suspended at the time of data analysis .
Researchers found that a tweet from Miami Heat point guard Dwayne Wade accounted for most of the impressions in the verified account category . While Wade 's tweet technically addressed the issue of heat safety , he did include the # DontFryDay hashtag .
“ The Do n't Fry Day campaign on Twitter had a large reach , with more than 12 million impressions , ” the researchers concluded . “ With the 10th anniversary of Do n't Fry Day approaching , organizers should engage media organizations and individuals with a large social media presence because greater efforts are needed to ensure that a wider audience is reached . ”
Reference
Nguyen JL , Heckman C , Perna F. Analysis of the Twitter “ Do n't Fry Day ” campaign [ published online June 20 , 2018 ] . JAMA Dermatol . doi:10.1001/jamadermatol.2018.1481
Salisu Yusuf , the Super Eagles ' Assistant Coach , on Monday declared that Torino midfielder Joel Obi was fit to play for the senior national football team .
Yusuf said he was making his declaration on the basis of the fact that the Italy-based midfielder has had impressive appearances for his club .
He described Obi as a utility player whose experience was highly needed in the Super Eagles .
“ Joel Obi is a very good player right from the beginning , and he was outstanding the few times he played for Super Eagles .
“ He did very well , both in Inter Milan then and Nigeria , before injury knocked him out and today he is active in Torino , ” the coach said .
Speaking on the team 's upcoming friendlies , Yusuf said the Super Eagles would stun Poland and the others they would encounter in the friendlies .
He said the players were in high spirits with the inclusion of new players like Joel Obi and Ikechukwu Gabriel .
“ We shall take every match serious , and as they come , because our image and name are involved , '' the coach said .
Joel Obi played for the Super Eagles the last time in 2014 , just before he got injured . ( NAN )
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — A Mason City man has pleaded not guilty to sexual abuse charges .
21-year-old Antonio Sandoval was charged on May 18th with second-degree sexual abuse and three counts of lascivious acts with a child . Police say he committed a sexual act on a child between 2011 and 2013 in Mason City , and that he and the child knew each other prior to the alleged incident .
Sandoval entered a written plea of not guilty in Cerro Gordo County District Court on Tuesday . Online court records at last check did not indicate when Sandoval 's trial is scheduled to start .
Second-degree sexual abuse is a Class B felony punishable by up to 25 years in prison . Lascivious acts with a child is a Class C felony , with each charge carrying a ten year prison term .
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before he was found encased in concrete , a former Kansas welfare official said .
Dianne Keech , the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015 , said the `` point of no return '' was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit his head while taking a bath and `` had no pulse '' before being revived , The Wichita Eagle reported .
The person making the report said Evan and his mother , Miranda Miller , were domestic violence victims and that someone would `` take life from them '' before `` bringing them back . '' His mother 's live-in boyfriend , Stephen Bodine , allegedly bragged about choking Evan and his mother and strangling the boy until he became unconscious , according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month .
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a `` critical incident , '' it was placed on hold for six days . The case was closed April 28 , records show . Evan 's body was found in September , and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder .
Advertisement
`` If they do n't do the right thing there , '' Keech said , `` it seals his doom . They never recovered from that point on . ''
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer , a Democratic candidate for governor this year . Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between his mother and father , Carlo Brewer , who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of his son . Too often , DCF took the word of the 3-year-old 's mother that he was OK , said Keech , who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of her DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant .
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21 , 2016 , to May 14 , 2017 , before Evan 's death . Her analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports . She also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports .
`` This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking , '' Keech said . `` This is how cases should be handled in the moment . I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency . ''
Shayla Johnston , a Brewer family spokeswoman and attorney , agrees with Keech that DCF failed . With anyone who looks at Evan 's case , Johnston said , `` you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan . ''
DCF spokeswoman Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case .
`` Given the Brewer family 's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families , we are not in a position to address each point alleged , '' she said in an email .
___
Information from : The Wichita ( Kan. ) Eagle , http : //www.kansas.com
BRUSSELS ( AP ) `` The president of the Marshall Islands is appealing for help to convince U.S. President Donald Trump of the need to fight global warming following his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement .
President Hilda Heine told European Union lawmakers Wednesday that `` we all have a duty to work together to convince President Trump of the importance of climate action . ''
Heine said Trump 's `` decision was at best misguided . It was also disappointing and confusing for those of us that have long believed in the importance of U.S. global leadership . ''
She said her nation of more than 1,000 islands and atolls midway between the United States and Australia is at increasing risk of king tides and droughts .
Advertisement
Heine said : `` We have nowhere to run and nowhere to hide . ''
Stephen Myler slotted the winning points on his 300th Saints appearance as Jim Mallinder 's men started 2017 with a hard-fought 13-12 win at Gloucester .
The key moment came six minutes from time as referee Matthew Carley made the brave call of awarding a penalty try after a deliberate knock-on from David Halaifonua .
Louis Picamoles and Mike Haywood played a key role at Kingsholm
The Gloucester wing was yellow carded and Myler added the extras from in front of the posts to secure a precious Aviva Premiership victory .
Saints had gone in at half-time 9-0 down after an abject first-half , during which neither team really looked like scoring a try .
But the away side showed real fight after the break , with Myler 's boot keeping them in touch and the penalty try ultimately proving pivotal .
It was a fine way for Myler to cap his milestone , having led the team out earlier in the day .
Defences were on top in tricky conditions
Saints had been under early pressure as a knock-on close to the visitors ' line gave Gloucester a platform to build on .
The men in white stood tall against a wave of pressure but after Alex Waller conceded a penalty , fly-half Billy Burns gave the home side the lead .
Myler had the chance to level the scores after Saints finally entered the Gloucester 22 , but he missed a penalty he would normally expect to make .
Mallinder 's men were trying to outmuscle Gloucester , but the hosts were dealing with the sluggish attacks well , ensuring their lead was preserved .
Christian Day and Louis Picamoles were all smiles at the final whistle
And after a huge hit saw Ken Pisi drop the ball , Gloucester were back at the Saints door , winning a penalty that Burns landed to double his team 's tally .
It was n't long before another three points were added , with Saints penalised at the lineout , giving Burns his third tee kick of the day .
The error and penalty counts were rapidly increasing for Saints , who were struggling to get a foothold in the game as half-time approached .
When the away side did get the ball in enemy territory , they were struggling for any sort of penetration , which had largely been the story of their season so far .
Pisi , who had endured a tough half , was replaced at the break as Saints looked to Harry Mallinder to provide a spark from full-back , with Ben Foden switching to the wing .
Mallinder 's men had to up their game at the start of the second half , and they did , with Myler making the most of a spell of possession as he landed an easy penalty .
Gloucester were soon putting the pressure back on Saints though and after the TMO deemed they had failed to get the ball over the line in the corner , Burns missed a penalty .
Myler then cut the gap to three at the other end after some high-tempo play from Saints forced Gloucester to scramble , and it was game on with 20 minutes to go .
Burns restored Gloucester 's six-point lead soon after as George North , making his first appearance since suffering a head injury at Leicester on December 3 , got isolated in his own 22 and was penalised .
The home side had kicked for territory well all afternoon and they continued to pin Saints back with clever nudges from their half-backs .
But Saints were looking solid defensively and they were to earn a surprise lead with six minutes to go as referee Carley awarded a penalty try .
Halaifonua was punished for a deliberate knock-on , with the wing sin-binned to add to his team 's dismay .
Boos rang out at Kingsholm as Myler landed the conversion to put Saints 13-12 up .
They still had some defending to do , but a big win by Jamie Gibson at the breakdown earned a penalty to help relieve some pressure .
And Saints saw it out to ensure they would start the new year with a scrappy but extremely welcome win .
Gloucester : Hook ( Scott 67 ) ; Halaifonua , Symons , Twelvetrees , May ; Burns , Heinz ( c ) ( Laidlaw 64 ) ; Hohneck ( McAllister 58 ) , Hibbard ( Matu ' u 58 ) , Ma'afu ( Afoa 40 ) ; Savage , Thrush ; Ludlow , Kvesic , Morgan ( Moriarty 60 ) .
Saints : Foden ; K Pisi ( Mallinder 40 ) , Burrell , Hanrahan , North ; Myler , Groom ; A Waller ( E Waller 60 ) , Haywood , Brookes ( Hill 60 ) ; Lawes , Day ( Ratuniyarawa 79 ) ; Wood ( c ) , Harrison ( Gibson 64 ) , Picamoles .
Referee : Matthew Carley
This report studies the global Event Management Service market , analyzes and researches the Event Management Service development status and forecast in the United States , EU , Japan , China , India and Southeast Asia . This report focuses on the top players in global market , like
Spark
Meeting Expectations , Inc .
SBI Association Management
MotivAction , LLC
Pivotal Point , LLC
Banks Sadler
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at : https : //www.radiantinsights.com/research/2018-2025-event-management-service-report/request-sample
Market segments by Regions/Countries , this report covers
United States
EU
Japan
China
India
Southeast Asia
Market segments by Type , the product can be split into
Corporate Events Management service
Association Events Management service
Not-for-Profit Events Management service
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https : //www.radiantinsights.com/research/2018-2025-event-management-service-report
Market segments by Application , the market can be split into
Entertainment
Family
Business
Others
About Radiant Insights
Radiant Insights is a platform for companies looking to meet their market research and business intelligence requirements . We assist and facilitate organizations and individuals procure market research reports , helping them in the decision making process . We have a comprehensive collection of reports , covering over 40 key industries and a host of micro markets . In addition to over extensive database of reports , our experienced research coordinators also offer a host of ancillary services such as , research partnerships/ tie-ups and customized research solutions .
Media Contact :
Michelle Thoras
201 Spear Street 1100 ,
Suite 3036 , San Francisco ,
CA 94105 , United States
Tel : 1-415-349-0054
Toll Free : 1-888-928-9744
Mail : sales @ radiantinsights.com
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern 's remarks that the Government is considering an end to oil and gas exploration will have a `` chilling effect '' on what is a multibillion-dollar industry , New Plymouth 's MP says .
And while a Taranaki business leader also fears any abrupt move could drive major employers out of the region , its business and tourism development agency says Taranaki is already expecting a gradual move away from reliance on petroleum products .
Ardern unexpectedly appeared on Parliament 's forecourt yesterday to accept a 45,000-strong Greenpeace petition urging the Government to make the move , telling activists that `` it 's something that we ca n't afford to spend much time on but we are actively considering it now '' .
But she confirmed today that the Government was not looking at halting current permits as it considered the future of block offers for oil and gas exploration , although she said other materials were less harmful to the environment .
Advertisement
`` There are still resources that contribute to a more sustainable future , and they are things like silica , away from other extractive industries which actually instead contribute to climate change . So there are still opportunities , '' she said .
Silica is found as quartz and can be smelted into silicon , which is used in products such as photovoltaic solar energy panels .
The National Party 's energy and resources spokesman , Jonathan Young , whose New Plymouth electorate has a long and lucrative history with oil and gas sector , said Ardern 's initial statement would have a chilling effect because a majority of the investment in the industry is from international companies .
`` The PM is already backtracking on her statement , but it is consistent with [ Labour 's ] pre-election energy policy and consistent with remarks she has made since coming into office , '' Young said .
`` Added to that , if any significant investor does their due diligence they will realise that 20 per cent of our electricity generation is supported by gas-fired generation ; and so our security of supply would be questionable .
`` This could have a chilling effect on investment into any energy-intensive industry . ''
Young said if the Government was looking at a transition between 20 and 30 years from now , it was not saying it .
`` Their continual rhetoric sends the signal that their decisions are imminent . New Zealand is already challenged enough in terms of our prospectivity .
`` The Government are simply putting up a sign that says 'closed for business ' and so we will not only lose investment , but we will most likely lose a highly qualified and skilled workforce , which could be our leading innovators and engineers to develop new energy technologies . ''
Young said the flow-down benefits of the oil and gas industry were `` enormous '' in terms of employment in other service companies , from law to accountants , to IT , to mechanical and chemical engineers and construction companies .
`` It is a $ 2.5b contribution to Taranaki and New Zealand 's GDP , and pays significant royalties to the Government .
`` The world is going to need oil and gas for many decades yet , and the Government is being far-sighted on climate change issues , but very short-sighted on how to get there . ''
Young said the Government was putting too much store in the Paris Accord agreements , noting that the International Energy Agency could not identify enough activity from the 195 signatory nations to see the emissions reductions needed to keep the world under a further 2C of warming .
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and Climate Change Minister James Shaw address supporters of Greenpeace 's End Oil petition on Monday . Photo / File
`` New Zealand is missing out on an opportunity to export gas to coal burning countries , and therefore contribute to CO2 reductions , '' he said .
`` The Government are taking a purist instead of practical approach , that has the power to make New Zealander poorer and less likely to make the very expensive transition to a low carbon future . ''
Taranaki Chamber of Commerce chief executive Arun Chaudhari said Ardern 's comments created uncertainty in the strategic planning of companies in this sector and for the Taranaki community , which relied heavily on the industry .
`` Many people and small-to-medium enterprises depend on the oil and gas industry for their living . ''
Chaudhari said an end to exploration would likely eventually drive away large employers like Methanex and Todd Energy , which supported the community not just through jobs , but also through philanthropy .
`` New Plymouth 's Aquatic Centre , the Len Lye Centre , the Womad Festival , Methanex Maths Spectacular , are just a few amongst the huge number of projects and activities supported by these companies . ''
Venture Taranaki chief executive Stuart Trundle said a 2015 report by the business and tourism development agency found the oil and gas industry was responsible for $ 1.57b of Taranaki 's total GDP .
The industry directly employed 4340 full-time equivalent roles , while overall , it was linked to the creation of 7070 jobs in Taranaki .
Yet , as a region , Taranaki was already anticipating a move away from the current reliance on petroleum products , Trundle said .
`` A plan to utilise the extensive expertise of the region 's energy sector to progress future energy technologies is underway , linked to the regional economic development strategy . ''
The details of any transition process would be `` critical '' to the impact on the Taranaki region and its people , Trundle said .
`` We look forward to working with the Prime Minister to identify evidence-based solutions to secure long-term jobs in the region . ''
Chaudhari said the chamber wanted to see more investment in renewable energy .
`` We 're 100 per cent behind that and those renewable energies are one of the key cornerstones of our regional development plan , 'Tapaue Roa – Make Way for Taranaki ' , which we fully support .
`` However , 'actively considering ' ending oil exploration is not the answer at this time . A lot more work needs to be done to ensure a successful transition from gas to renewable energy . ''
Greenpeace , whose petition included notable signatories such as directors Jane Campion and Taika Waititi , has meanwhile compelled the Government to take action now .
`` The world ca n't afford to burn even existing fossil fuel reserves let alone seek out new oil and gas if we want to avoid catastrophic warming , '' climate campaigner Kate Simcock said .
`` Searching for new oil or gas is senseless , and we 're asking the Jacinda Ardern Government to put an end to it . ''
Factfs on South Korea , who play in World Cup Group F :
Country : South Korea
Honours : Asian Cup winners 1956 , 1960
Past World Cup performance : 10th participation . Best result : Fourth in 2002
FIFA ranking : 61st
Main clubs : FC Seoul , Jeonbuk Motors , Suwon Bluewings
Nicknames : Taeguk Warriors , The Reds
How they qualified : Second behind Iran in Asian Group A
Friendly matches scheduled before World Cup :
May 28 Won 2-0 v Honduras ( Daegu )
June 1 v Bosnia-Herzegovina ( Jeonju )
June 7 v Bolivia ( Innsbruck )
June 11 v Senegal ( Grodig )
Provisonal World Cup squad ( to be cut to 23 by June 4 ) :
Goalkeepers : Kim Seung-gyu ( Vissel Kobe/JPN ) , Kim Jin-hyeon ( Cerezo Osaka/JPN ) , Cho Hyun-woo ( Daegu FC )
Defenders : Kim Young-gwon ( Guangzhou Evergrande/CHN ) , Jang Hyun-soo ( FC Tokyo/JPN ) , Jung Seung-hyun ( Sagan Tosu/JPN ) , Yun Yong-sun ( Seongnam FC ) , Kwon Kyung-won ( Tianjin Quanjian/CHN ) , Oh Ban-suk ( Jeju United ) , Kim Jin-su ( Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors ) , Kim Min-woo ( Sangju Sangmu ) , Park Joo-ho ( Ulsan Hyundai ) , Hong Chul ( Sangju Sangmu ) , Go Yo-han ( FC Seoul ) , Lee Yong ( Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors )
Midfielders : Ki Sung-yueng ( Swansea City/ENG ) , Jung Woo-young ( Vissel Kobe/JPN ) , Ju Se-jong ( Asan Mugunghwa FC ) , Koo Ja-cheol ( Augsburg/GER ) , Lee Jae-sung ( Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors ) , Lee Seung-woo ( Hellas Verona/ITA ) , Moon Seon-min ( Incheon United ) , Lee Chung-yong ( Crystal Palace/ENG )
Forwards : Kim Shin-wook ( Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors ) , Son Heung-min ( Tottenham Hotspur/ENG ) , Hwang Hee-chan ( Red Bull Salzburg/AUT )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The global homeopathy product market has been experiencing a heavy presence of small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) , as noted by Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) in its latest report . This could be evident from a just over 27.0 % share jointly accumulated by five leading players in 2015 . In the same year , a 17.3 % share was secured by Boiron Group , which is considered to be significant enough to influence the direction of the market . The company has been able to hold a commanding position in the industry due to its telling presence in key regions such as the Middle East and Africa ( MEA ) , Asia Pacific , North America , and Europe .
Request for the Sample Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=S & rep_id=16460
Domain experts at TMR prognosticate the global homeopathy product market to make drastic progress during the forecast tenure 2016-2024 at an 18.2 % CAGR . As the final forecast year sees completion , the market could post a revenue collection of US $ 17.4 bn progressing from a US $ 3.8 bn collected in 2015 . Dilutions are foreseen to be a lucrative product to focus on since they could bag a king 's share of the market while expanding at a CAGR of 17.8 % . Although the MEA could rank higher on the basis of CAGR , Europe is anticipated to outclass every other region with its dominating share of a 36.4 % by 2024 .
Homeopathy product manufacturers could cash in on the increasing concerns of allopathic medicines on the part of their high usage . The prolonged usage of allopathic medicines could have serious side effects , about which consumers and non-consumers are becoming increasingly aware . Seasoned analysts expect this to be a crucial factor escalating the demand in the world homeopathy product market since consumers are desperately looking for alternative treatments .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=16460
A TMR analyst has stated that the market is predicted to be on the brink of being a mainstay in most important regions . An independent survey conducted in the recent past had revealed a lush amount of spending on homeopathy products in North America alone . Manufacturers of homeopathy products are envisioned to keep a close eye on the rise of various diseases around the globe , which has been swelling the requirement of different drugs and medicines .
Suppliers of homeopathy products are envisaged to suffer when operating in the global market because of a substantial shortfall in quality control . It could be challenging to implement quality assurance standards with a consolidated effort because a considerable part of the total market revenue is collected by SMEs dispersed across key regions . Manufacturers are prophesied to face the brunt of reduced demand and negative customer experience on account of the lack of adherence to sound manufacturing practices , thus compromising product quality to a significant degree .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/16460
However , players have been taking to the adoption of powerful business strategies such as geographical expansion into the MEA and Asia Pacific and strong promotional and marketing activities to cement their position in the international homeopathy product market . Moreover , there has been an intelligent usage of the extremely influential ecommerce marketplace , which could be an evidence of competent opportunities prevailing in the industry .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Private operators of the National Lottery have opened on average more than 50 new outlets every month over the past three years , prompting fears of a surge in problem gambling .
The number of retailers authorised to sell Lotto draw tickets and scratch cards has risen from 3,700 to 5,790 – more than a 50 per cent jump – since a Canadian-controlled consortium was awarded the franchise in November 2014 .
Premier Lotteries Ireland ( PLI ) , owned by a large Toronto-based pension fund with a minority stake by former State operators An Post , plans to add a further 320 retailers to its rapidly expanding National Lottery network over the next two years .
Barry Grant , an addiction counsellor and chief executive of charity Problem Gambling Ireland , warned the expansion , which has been mainly focused on rural areas , could have a knock-on effect .
“ The lottery draw tickets are for the most part at the lower end of the gambling harm scale , but scratch cards are a totally different ball game , ” he said . “ There is that instant gratification thing with them , so it is much closer to the hardcore gambling of slot machines , where there is an instant hit .
“ They are much more harmful and addictive than the lottery draw , and the vast majority of scratch card purchases are impulse buys . So if you put them in as many places as possible as you get much more impulse buying . ”
He said scratch cards could feed into a bigger gambling problem for some or could be the main issue for others .
“ I 've counselled clients who were spending hundreds every week on scratch cards , more than they could afford , more than they were earning sometimes , ” said Mr Grant . “ Some people would have been getting into debt over it . ”
‘ Relentless advertising '
He said he was concerned by the “ all guns blazing ” growth of the National Lottery in recent years , and what he described as “ relentless advertising ” .
“ We are the biggest gamblers in Europe , the biggest online gamblers on the planet , we have the third biggest gambling losses in the world , the highest gambling losses in Europe . So we are ripe for the picking , ” he warned .
Mr Grant accepted the lottery created a huge amount of money for good causes , but added “ it also has remit to generate as much profit as possible for the owners ” .
Miriam Donohoe , corporate communications manager with PLI , said the National Lottery 's objective was to “ make it as convenient as possible ” for people to play and in turn raise money for good causes all over Ireland .
“ We want a lot of people to play our games – but to spend little . Nearly 30 cent in every euro from National Lottery sales goes back to communities and organisations in the areas of sport , health , youth , arts , culture , heritage and the Irish language . ”
Ms Donohoe said there were “ very strong , strict player controls ” , and retailers were trained to spot “ if the lottery is having a negative impact on customers ” .
Problem customers can be steered towards organisations like Problem Gambling Ireland for help if necessary .
Since December it has been mandatory for all authorised retailers to sign up to a code of practice . Seven out of 10 retailers have taken up training on a recently launched online portal .
Player protections
“ The National Lottery is committed to operating at all times in a socially responsible way , and the expansion of our retail network in no way alters our commitment to player protections , ” said Ms Donohoe .
Last September PLI reported a rise in its operating profits of 121 per cent to €16.4 million during 2016 , on the back of a 12 per cent jump in turnover to €750 million . Draw-based games , like the main twice-weekly draw and the Friday EuroMillions draw , took in sales of nearly €530 million , while sales from scratch cards and online instant win games rose to a record €220 million .
More than €225 million went to good causes , up from €213 million the previous year .
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects , but changing one 's political or cultural views is not one of them .
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show : `` It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting , '' she wrote .
Until this week , Ambien 's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was `` sleep-driving , '' essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so .
But people also have reported making phone calls , eating meals , having sex and doing other things that they do n't remember after taking so-called `` sedative-hypnotic '' medications . People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried `` the Ambien defense . ''
Advertisement
Doctors call these `` complex sleep behaviors . '' On its official Ambien labeling , manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects `` abnormal thinking and behavioral changes '' — changes that can include decreased inhibition .
`` It 's behavior that 's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time , '' explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse . It 's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol , he added , and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug .
And while it 's not clear how common such side effects are , Ambien 's instructions clearly state : Take it right before you get into bed , and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours .
`` You should take it and lie down . Read a book or something '' but do n't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in , said Dr. Marc Schlosberg , a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center .
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that `` while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night . `` I blame myself , not Ambien , '' she tweeted .
PDP 's Umbrella Will Puncture Without The South-West -By Fredrick Nwabufo
The Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) may be in a tailspin . The outcome of Saturday 's national convention of the party shows it has more learning to do . In fact , the PDP has not learnt from its defeat .
The PDP is prodigiously “ mammonized. ” Money is the only denominator of the party .
I had thought that the PDP would absorb the South-West into its highest hierarchy ( because that section of the country had not really been integrated into the party ) , but I was disappointed when the key political bloc was schemed out of the party 's national chairmanship position by some money badgers .
I was more disappointed when I read that a certain governor said the South-West had not made any contribution to the PDP ; hence it was undeserving of the position .
I had also thought that the party would titillate the South-West , which is the nubile bride at the moment , with the slot , but I was surprised that leaders of the party from the region were treated uncharitably .
As it is , it appears that there is no future for the South-West in the party .
Today , the PDP is seen as a political concern of the South-South , and sadly , some leaders of the party from the region are fossilizing this assumption by their actions .
Any political equation without a solution for finding X – the south-west is incomplete . The south-west determined the outcome of the 2015 presidential election ; I believe it will also play a significant role in determining the outcome of that of 2019 . The South-West can not be ignored , and it should not be ignored . Ignoring the South-West is political immolation .
The South-East may be disinterested in the 2019 presidential election owing to the candidates the two dominant parties – APC and PDP – will present ; because both candidates would likely come from the North .
Also , the South-East has a hard political choice to make ; hence it may prefer to be aloof from the exercise and wait for its turn in 2023 . This is not the case with the South-West which has beneficial interest in the current government and may want to maintain the status quo until a more advantageous alternative comes along . The South-West may still hold the ace in the 2019 presidential election .
My point is that the PDP should make political gestures to the South-West if it is serious about defeating the APC in 2019 , and letting the region hold its national chairmanship position would have been an infinitesimal , but enticing overture .
The PDP umbrella must cover the South-West or suffer punctures from hailstorms .
Fredrick is a journalist . You can reach follow him on Twitter @ FredrickNwabufo .
Related
Comments
comments
Northamptonshire Police continues to get an unfair amount of funding from government , according to the county 's Police and Crime Commissioner .
The comments from Stephen Mold came in his annual report for 2017-18 . Mr Mold , who won at the ballot box as a Conservative candidate two years ago , has criticised Theresa May 's Tory government in his report , saying : “ Policing in Northamptonshire faces ever greater demands on its budget .
“ I have continued to raise my concerns with the Government that Northamptonshire Police does not get a fair funding settlement when compared to other police forces . Whilst I accept there is only a finite amount of money they can commit to policing , I do not believe the way this money is allocated is fair or equitable . ”
Currently , the Police Funding Formula gives Northamptonshire Police £73m of its £123m budget , with the rest being raised from council tax precepts .
Earlier this year , the Home Office and police partners discussed potential changes to the police funding formula , and those changes will be revisited at the next police spending review .
Mr Mold says he has spent ‘ a great deal of time and effort lobbying central government to recognise the weaknesses in the way policing is funded ' and how Northamptonshire Police has been historically underfunded . It is , he says , ‘ a situation which has placed real pressures on the delivery of frontline policing in our county ' .
He added : “ I now look forward to a conclusion of the fairer funding formula review which I hope will yield a better outcome for Northamptonshire in the long term .
“ This is vitally important as we currently get a raw deal for money per head of population in comparison to other police forces of a similar size – who receive more cash per person than we do .
“ This is a situation which needs to be addressed and I will continue to work tirelessly to ensure we get a fairer settlement . Despite the funding pressures however , I will continue to ensure that I work closely with the Chief Constable to ensure the £123m we receive to provide policing in Northamptonshire is spent wisely . ”
The cyber-crime unit in Jordanâ€™s Public Security Department ( PSD ) has sounded the alarm over an unprecedented increase in e-crimes , calling on parents to control childrenâ€™s online activities to guard against exploitation , including militant recruitment .
The widespread use of the internet and computer technology in Jordan led to the rise in criminal activity committed via social network platforms , including dealing drugs online , pirating , defamation and sexual harassment and blackmail . PSD said reported e-crimes in Jordan soared from 16 in 2008 to 2,038 in 2017 .
â€œIn 2016 , a total of 3,800 crimes were registered in which 2,250 were referred to court , and this is a huge number for a small country like Jordan , â€‌ Ibrahim Mbaideen , a journalist specialised in information technology , said quoting PSD figures .
â€œLately , we are hearing about incidents in which people are being threatened online through electronic blackmail , website hacking , stealing electronic data and defamation . These incidents have grown significantly and they might grow even more if nothing is done about it.â€‌
Mbaideen said the spread of internet use and smart devices opened the door for such crimes .
â€œSociety has been captivated by the opportunities the internet provides and the fact that you can be connected all the time through smart devices makes it easier for anybody to commit a crime online , â€‌ he said .
â€œAs we can see the large availability of the internet contributed to the increase of e-crimes , for instance , by people who have several fake accounts online that they use to blackmail others.â€‌
Internet penetration in Jordan increased from 127,300 in 2000 to 6.3 million in 2017 and there are 4.8 million Jordanians on Facebook , internetworldstats.com data indicate . Smart phone penetration in Jordan is 87 % .
â€œSecond-hand mobile market in Jordan is considered very big and profitable but people are not aware of the dangers of selling their old mobiles to any shop . The PSD has often advised people not to sell their old devices because there is software that can retrieve deleted photos or files so it is better to keep the old devices or just destroy them , â€‌ Mbaideen said .
Major Raed Rawashdeh , head of the investigation and technical follow-up at the PSD , recently said his unit was focused mainly on curbing crimes dealing with sexual abuse of children , electronic recruitment for terrorist organisations and hate speech .
Rawashdeh warned that social media were being increasingly used to spread hate speech and said parents should keep a close eye on their childrenâ€™s online activities .
However , blackmailing through social media is spreading in Jordan .
â€œThere were many incidents in which people threatened others and asked for money to not publish compromising photos online , â€‌ Mbaideen said . â€œOne of the famous cases is that of an Arab woman who was blackmailed and abused by a suspect who convinced her that he can cure her using magic and threatened to share her pictures and videos if she refused to pay him money.â€‌
The victim paid the blackmailer $ 1,400 but he kept asking for more money until he was caught by the PSD .
The PSD said approximately 80 % of e-crime victims are females and the most common theme is blackmail .
â€œUsually it is done to gain money , easy money but sometimes it might get complicated such as seeking fame , disseminating religious and political issues , sexual abuse in addition to the love for power , â€‌ Mbaideen said .
Since the beginning of the year , 1,158 e-crimes have been registered : 365 cases of criminal impersonation , 310 blackmailing and defamation , 120 electronic fraud , 150 personal data theft and the rest under website hacking and applications crimes .
â€œThe law is very clear in such cases as Article 11 of the cyber-crime law of 2015 stipulates that violators will be imprisoned for not less than three months with fines of $ 140- $ 2,400 and it gets tougher depending on the crime , â€‌ Mbaideen added .
The risk of having to live in a digital world means a bigger risk of being recruited by terrorist organisations , sexually abused and blackmailed .
â€œOur three children are always online through their mobiles , tablets or computers and , to be honest , it scares us a lot as parents though we are doing our part in protecting them , â€‌ said Rawan Qandah , a mother of three in her 30s .
â€œBasically , parents should be very open and transparent with their children because it is important to gain their confidence so that they would tell you what happens to them in the digital world where you as a parent can not control much.â€‌
Roufan Nahhas , based in Jordan , has been covering cultural issues in Jordan for more than two decades .
This article was originally published in The Arab Weekly .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Barclaycard Arena in Birmingham is changing its name from next month .
The multi-purpose indoor venue will become Arena Birmingham in a move to a brand that reflects the venue 's location from September 1 , 2017 .
Arena Birmingham will be in situ for the new event season , with a string of top performers set to grace the stage .
The Nooran Sisters , John Legend and The Australian Pink Floyd Show are all scheduled to be among the first to perform under the new brand name .
Barclaycard announced in 2016 that as part of a review of its sponsorship strategy across both Barclaycard and the broader Barclays Group , it planned to move away from long-term naming rights with the venue .
( Image : Graham Young )
Managing Director for the NEC Group Arenas , Phil Mead said : “ The Barclaycard Arena has been a resounding success since it launched with Michael Bublé in 2014 following a £26 million redevelopment .
`` The award-winning venue has attracted world-class entertainment from Drake to Iron Maiden and Céline Dion , and has secured high profile international sports events from the Davis Cup in 2016 , to the IAAF World Indoor Athletics Championships in 2018 .
( Image : Flickr/metrogogo )
“ Much of what we have achieved is down to the support of Barclaycard who have been an excellent partner since 2012 , but we are now entering another exciting era with Arena Birmingham , as it 's transformed into a destination in its own right within the city .
`` The construction of the LEGOLAND Discovery Centre Birmingham is already underway , we are a principle venue of the Birmingham Commonwealth Games 2022 bid , and will be hosting a roster of great events throughout the rest of 2017/18 . ”
The Arena has become one of the busiest large scale indoor sporting and entertainment venues in Europe , staging everything from sports events to concerts , entertainment spectaculars , business conferences and exhibitions , benefitting from its position at the heart of the UK .
To keep updated on gigs and events in the city , follow our What 's On Facebook page .
The Sheboygan County Sheriff 's Office is seeking the public 's help in identifying a man believed to be involved in a child enticement case over the weekend in Waldo .
The suspect is described as a heavyset white male , mid 40s to 50 years old , balding and with glasses .
He was driving a dark colored SUV-style Jeep with a loud exhaust .
Authorities say the man may have ties to the Tennessee area and might have current or previous relatives in the Waldo area .
Anyone with information is asked to call the Sheboygan County Sheriff 's Office at 920-459-3112 or Sheboygan Countywide Crime Stoppers at 1-800-cufthem ( 283-8436 )
It 's finally happened ! After months of speculations and rumours , one of the most happening couples of the town- Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally tied the knot this morning in a hush-hush ceremony in Italy .
Few hours back , the duo took to their Twitter to share a picture from their D-day along with an official announcement . Meanwhile , we came across a few pictures from their mehendi ceremony . Have a look at them here ...
Mehendi Hai Rachne Waali The couple is seen here flaunting some beautiful mehendi pattern on their palms . Suno Naa Anushka ! We wonder what 's Virat whispering into his lady love 's ears ! Ahem , ahem ... Posers The lovebirds pose for a picture with their near and dear ones ! One More Click The smile on Virat and Anushka 's face says it all . Virat 's Haldi Ceremony 'Dulha ' Virat gears up to look his glowing best on his D-day !
Check out a video here ...
Haldi❤ # ViratKohli # AnushkaSharma # virushka @ virat.kohli @ anushkasharma @ sportconvo @ allaboutvirat A post shared by Priyanka Kaushik ( @ priyanka.kaushik18 ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 8:49am PST
Watch out this space for all the latest updates .
This week Pebble Limited Partnership is expected to publicly unveil the outline for a smaller plan to mine the copper and gold deposit northwest of Iliamna . The company 's plans , those who have been briefed say , call for a much smaller mine than discussed before and appear to address many of the concerns raised by Bristol Bay residents , fishermen , environmentalists and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
As a region , the Bristol Bay watershed has largely opposed Pebble , perhaps in increasing numbers , for the past decade . Much of the effort focused on pushing former President Barack Obama 's EPA to finalize preemptive Section 404 ( c ) Clean Water Act restrictions that would have blocked permitting of Pebble Mine 's dredge and fill activities . Pebble filed several lawsuits , alleging in one that EPA and anti-mine activists were colluding to reach a predetermined outcome . That lawsuit found traction in the court of U.S. District Judge H. Russel Holland , who agreed to an injunction against further EPA effort until the case was resolved .
President Donald Trump 's EPA agreed to settle the lawsuit with Pebble , allowing the company to enter into a normal permitting process as defined by the National Environmental Policy Act . A caveat was added that the company must file for permits within 30 months .
Ahead of Pebble Limited Partnership CEO Tom Collier 's presentation of Pebble 's plans to the Resource Development Council in Anchorage on Thursday morning , the company has been briefing some stakeholders .
Nathan Hill , the manager of the Lake and Peninsula Borough , has seen the 150-plus slide PowerPoint presentation with the company 's estimates about the size and scope of the project and what it will mean for nearby communities .
The Pebble deposit sits within the Borough 's boundaries .
`` The position of the borough is neutral , '' he said . `` We are tasked with approving permits regarding any development in the borough , so for us to have anything but a neutral stance would not make our permitting process a fair one . ''
Hill is Alaska Native , a BBNC shareholder and member of his local tribe . He is a lifelong commercial and subsistence fisherman who lives in Kokhanok , along the shores of Iliamna Lake . Hill knows as well as anybody the stakes involved , and depending on the success or failure of Pebble , the borough he manages stands to gain or lose more than anywhere else in Bristol Bay . The Lake and Pen Borough pulls in roughly $ 1.5 million in taxes from the commercial sockeye harvest each year , a revenue stream that depends on a healthy fishery . But the borough will also have some taxing authority over the Pebble project , if it 's developed , that could reap millions annually .
A Pebble Mine might create more jobs and contracts for village corporations , but there will inevitably be disruption to today 's way of life and potential for a wide range of environmental risk to Lake and Peninsula communities . Amidst a tense dialogue given to backbiting and hyperbole , Hill said his assembly and mayor have tasked him to stay informed and meet with Pebble as needed .
`` To ignore facts and reality does n't do anything to satisfy that , '' he said . `` In my opinion , if you want to have good information , you need to be open to that information . That 's what I 'm trying to do - keep apprised of all arguments and all information , and make myself available to do the job of borough manager . ''
The Lake and Peninsula Borough has been targeted by Pebble Mine opponents , notably Alaska 's wealthiest resident Bob Gillam , who funded ballot initiatives , lawsuits , and propped up George Jacko as a candidate against incumbent Mayor Glen Alsworth , Sr . The borough has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars fighting what they claim are frivolous lawsuits , and Gillam 's standing with wider Pebble opponents suffered on account of his relationship with Jacko . A former state senator , Jacko 's reputation for harassing young women stretches far beyond the claims made against him during an official investigation while he was in office in the early '90s .
Downstream from Pebble 's deposit , down the Koktuli to the Mulchatna to the world-famous king salmon-producing Nushagak River sits Dillingham , which is arguably the region 's loudest opposition to Pebble .
`` I 'll fight Pebble till my last breath , '' said H. Robin Samuelsen . Also a lifelong commercial fisherman , Samuelsen is a chief with the Curyung Tribal Council , a director with the Bristol Bay Native Corporation , and the chairman of the Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation 's board of directors . Few , if any , have had near the influence over Bristol Bay 's past quarter century as Samuelsen and few , if any , are as prepared to lead this fight from the front as he is . But he is not choosing to engage with Pebble directly , at least for now .
`` Not having seen the plan , I will still oppose the mine . It has many ramifications that could affect the commercial fishery , sport fishery , and subsistence fishery out here , '' he said .
Samuelson said others who answer to him have seen Pebble 's plans , and he is concerned to hear that the company may focus on the Pebble West deposit , which drains to the Koktuli River . He , and many others opposed to Pebble , have long alleged the risks from hypothetical mining scenarios that may now be less applicable , and he and others have long called for Pebble to lay its cards on the table . Thus he said he is willing to take a look at what the company is proposing .
`` I think there 's room for us to invite them — they do n't have to invite us , we 'll invite them — to look at what they 're planning on doing . It is n't just a 'hell no . ' We 're monitoring the situation , and I believe that the supermajority of Bristol Bay is going to continue to oppose that mine , '' he said .
The United Tribes of Bristol Bay , a political advocacy group representing 14 tribal councils in the region , has taken a lead position in opposing Pebble . A UTBB contingent has traveled to nearly every village in the region to shore up support ahead of Pebble 's rollout and an EPA visit , and protested outside the Pebble advisory committee 's August meeting in Anchorage . They turned down an invitation to join and even address that meeting , and Executive Director Alannah Hurley said they will continue to refuse discussions that presume a mine will be built , no matter the size .
`` We have known from the very beginning of this threat exactly what is up there . We know from their own presentations to their shareholders and to the investment community exactly the type , size and location of the Pebble deposit . Those are things that can not change , '' said Hurley . `` The impact of that type of mining on our watershed has not changed . Nothing has changed when it comes to the Pebble Mine other than politics . ''
Pebble has a few supporters in the region who have mainly voiced the importance of the jobs and income that , especially around Iliamna Lake , other organizations have failed to create . Then there are others who are more open to see Pebble vetted normally , said Lisa Reimers . As CEO of the Iliamna Development Corporation and Iliamna Natives Limited board member , Reimers has worked with Pebble in the past and earned the ire of mining opponents for doing so . She hopes for an open , robust debate about what is at stake , but does not believe her detractors will come to the table .
`` To me it was a perfect example when they were having this [ Pebble advisory committee ] meeting and they invited United Tribes in , or the people that were protesting , and they refused to go into the meeting to have a discussion with this new advisory committee Pebble put together , '' Reimers said . `` To me , nothing has changed . If anything it 's gotten worse with the protesting and animosity . ''
Iliamna Development Corporation and Iliamna Natives Limited will take a hard look at Pebble 's plans and see if it makes sense for the area , said Reimers , adding that Iliamna leadership has not taken a firm position in support of or against the project . Reimers said this past summer was a difficult one , that contract work with Pebble did not go smoothly , and that Iliamna Development Corporation shareholders and others in Iliamna were left wondering if this mining company can be trusted any more than the rest .
Reimers asked the Bristol Bay Native Corporation board to help produce non-Pebble related work and contracts , if the board is to remain insistent against the mine . No other options were provided , she said .
The BBNC board of directors spearheaded an ugly fight against one of its own directors when she signed onto Pebble 's advisory committee this spring . Kim Williams of Dillingham was first ousted from her role as director of Nunamta Aulukestai , then BBNC 's board threatened a recall vote with the full backing of the deep-pocketed corporation to unseat her . Williams , one of the proposed mine 's loudest opponents , backed down and resigned from the Pebble advisory committee in June .
After that , her father William Johnson agreed to join , as did Alexanna Salmon from Igiugig . Neither are known to give into bullying , though Salmon said the move probably cost her a few friendships for now .
She is opposed to the mine , as she believes most of her community is too , but she wants to be informed and perhaps affect outcomes from the inside .
`` This Pebble project is located on state land that has been designated for mineral development , and I have no control over that property or its status besides being a single resident voter of this state , '' she said . `` This is a project that is in our backyard , it will be life-transforming for our community , and if there 's an opportunity to learn what they 're planning , I want to be at that table . And it 's not for me , it 's for all of the future generations . ''
By late this week , stakeholders and the public should finally get a first glimpse of Pebble 's mining plans and the company 's estimated impacts on the local environment and economy . The rollout will start in Anchorage and Fairbanks , but Pebble said they will bring the conversation to the region in the months ahead .
Next week , the EPA is also coming back to Bristol Bay again , too , to see what 's on the minds of folks who live at the crossroads of the world 's greatest sockeye salmon fishery and one of the largest copper and gold deposits on earth .
Hospice of Santa Barbara is pleased to announce Carolyn Shepard Baham and Evie Vesper as new board members .
Baham is program director at the College of Applied Human Services and is also a managing partner at O'Malley 's Sports Bar & Nightclub .
Baham received her bachelor of arts degree in interpersonal and organizational communication from CSU Long Beach , where she also received her master 's degree in communication . She also earned a doctorate of philosophy in communication from UC Santa Barbara .
In addition to joining Hospice of Santa Barbara 's board , Baham has served on fundraising and event committees for CALM , Hospice of Santa Barbara and the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation .
Vesper brings an extensive knowledge of the healthcare environment to Hospice of Santa Barbara .
Vesper received her master 's degree in social work from UCLA . She also holds a certification from the Hudson Institute of Santa Barbara as a leadership and transition coach .
In addition to serving on Hospice of Santa Barbara 's board , Vesper previously served on the board for Women Helping Women/Men 2 Work . She was also a member of The Sunset Beach Women 's Club , which organizes activities to support local charities as well as the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan/Hospitals .
Hospice of Santa Barbara “ volunteers ” its free professional counseling and care management services to more than 700 children and adults every month who are experiencing the impact of a life-threatening illness , or grieving the death of a loved one .
For more information , click here or call 805.563.8820 .
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing Hospice of Santa Barbara .
J. Countess/Getty Images ( NEW YORK ) — Time 's Up , an advocacy and legal-defense group fighting sexual harassment in Hollywood and beyond , wants New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo to investigate why a prominent prosecutor decided against prosecuting Harvey Weinstein in 2015 , two years before dozens of allegations of sexual misconduct and assault against the producer became public .
The open letter , which was exclusively obtained and published by New York magazine 's The Cut , calls on Cuomo to “ launch an independent investigation of the New York County District Attorney , Cyrus Vance , and the office of the District Attorney to determine the facts related to the decision not to prosecute Harvey Weinstein for sexual abuse crimes against one of his accusers , Ambra Battilana [ Gutierrez ] . ”
Gutierrez , a Filipina-Italian model , got Weinstein on audio in March 2015 allegedly admitting to groping her , according to a New York magazine article referenced in the Time 's Up letter . The audio recording was part of a sting operation led by the New York Police Department .
On the tape , Weinstein tries to convince her to come into his room , and only after almost two minutes of back-and-forth in the hallway does Weinstein finally end his efforts to get her to stay , New York magazine reported .
Time 's Up 's open letter to the New York governor focuses on a New York magazine 's report suggesting that the district attorney 's office may have mishandled the case against Weinstein at the time .
“ Reports that District Attorney Cyrus Vance could have been improperly influenced by Mr. Weinstein and/or his representatives , and that senior officials within the DA 's office may have sought to intimidate Battilana are particularly disturbing and merit investigation , ” the letter said .
“ Similarly , reports that the New York Police Department chose to isolate Battilana from Vance 's staff because they feared his office was actively working to discredit her story demand immediate scrutiny , ” the letter continued .
Gutierrez said previously about her experience with Weinstein , “ There were two years where I lost a lot in my life , but I wanted to help others . I 'm happy now no one will suffer anymore . ”
ABC News reached out to Gutierrez on Monday , but did n't immediately hear back .
The district attorney 's office told ABC News that the New York magazine article “ bears little resemblance to the facts . ”
“ The Manhattan DA 's pioneering sex crimes unit – the first of its kind in the country – has been a national leader in the investigation and prosecution of sexual assaults committed by perpetrators of all backgrounds since the 1970s , ” the statement continued . “ The idea that our office would shrink from the challenge of prosecuting a powerful man is belied by our daily work and unparalleled record of success on behalf of sexual assault survivors . ”
The statement went on to describe the different roles of prosecutors and police , concluding that because of current , active investigations of Weinstein , the prosecutor 's office ca n't comment further .
ABC News also reached out to representatives for Gov . Cuomo and the NYPD but did n't immediately hear back .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Ben Brafman , in a statement to ABC News slammed the New York magazine report on Gutierrez .
“ We are stunned that NY Magazine chose to report on the claim ” by Gutierrez against Weinstein without noting that in a sworn affidavit she ‘ stated in substance that her complaint against Harvey was the result of a misunderstanding and that her decision to report the incident to the police , was attributed by her to ‘ bad advice ' she received , ” Brafman said in his statement .
The NYPD said the 2015 case against Weinstein was never prosecuted , New York magazine reported .
And according to the New Yorker magazine , after the district attorney 's office decided not to press charges , Gutierrez “ signed a highly restrictive nondisclosure agreement ” with Weinstein in addition to the affidavit .
Time 's Up 's letter said that if Weinstein had been successfully prosecuted in 2015 , other women might have been spared his alleged sexual misconduct .
“ Arguably his continued victimization of others could have been avoided , ” the letter said .
Weinstein , 66 , has been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct , including rape . Though the former movie mogul has apologized for his behavior and sought professional help , a spokeswoman for him has told ABC News that “ any allegations of nonconsensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein . ”
Following publicity on the allegations , Weinstein was fired from The Weinstein Company , banned from the Producer 's Guild of America and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Carlos Correa , Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs , hits and batting average in the regular season .
Now that it 's playoff time , Houston is still hammering away .
Correa homered , doubled and drove in four runs , Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series .
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston 's second straight romp by the exact same score .
“ One through nine , everybody can do damage , everybody can go deep , ” Correa said . “ That 's the good thing about our lineup , there are no holes in our lineup , and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4 . ”
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park , a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland . Brad Peacock ( 13-2 ) starts for Houston against Doug Fister ( 5-9 ) .
“ We could n't really script it any better , ” Keuchel said .
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener , he got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz . Correa , who went 0 for 4 on Thursday , made it 2-0 when he launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field .
“ For me if he 's not No . 1 , he 's No . 2 in the league , ” Altuve said of Correa , often referring to him as his little brother . “ One of the best players , I 'm really happy to have him on my team . Believe it or not I have learned from him . ”
Keuchel pitched into the sixth , allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career postseason starts .
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second , the Astros started to break away .
Springer hit his first postseason homer when he sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field .
So is Red Sox manager John Farrell surprised that the series has been this lopsided so far ?
“ They 're very good , they 're deep , and they have got a number of ways to beat you , ” he said . “ So we fully respect and understood the opponent , and they 're playing like that . ”
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the third , making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz 's first career postseason start after two relief appearances . The lefty kept his head down as he trudged toward the dugout after being lifted .
“ Any mistake that we 've made these past two games , they 've made us pay for them , ” Pomeranz said . “ It 's playoff baseball , and these guys have come out swinging . ”
David Price , the starter-turned-reliever with the $ 217 million contract , pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox . Following his exit , Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth .
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve , the major league batting champion this season , led to a two-run double by Correa . The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston 's yearslong rebuilding project raised his hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as he stopped at second base .
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when he caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as he tried to throw it back in . Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from him and he was charged with an error , allowing a run to score .
“ I 'm not even sure how it happened , ” Betts said . “ I messed up . ”
Keuchel , the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner , known as much for his beard as his devastating sinker , was cheered on by Houston 's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate .
Keuchel 's father , Dennis , also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed him looking a mixture of excited and nervous as he gazed at his son 's work .
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning , it looked like this start might be a short one . But he struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight he retired .
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning .
Altuve , who hit .346 this year , kept punishing pitchers . After singling in his first two trips to the plate , giving him five hits in the series , the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked him in the fourth . That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd , which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in his first at-bat .
Farrell was asked if the fourth inning was too early to intentionally walk Altuve .
“ No , he 's been dynamite , ” he said . “ You pick your poison . He 's an extremely hot , extremely good hitter . Felt like we were going to move on and go to the next guy . ”
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season 's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters : “ Altuve , He 's Pretty Good . ”
Boston also gave him a free pass in the sixth inning , but had to pitch to him in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs . Austin Maddox , who gave up Altuve 's third homer on Thursday , jumped into the air and pumped his fist after striking him out .
It did n't matter much . Even with the strikeout , his average in the series is .714 .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Betts said his wrist flared up on a swing in the eighth inning but that he 's OK .
“ It 's going to take some time to heal , but we do n't have that kind of time right now , ” he said .
HURRICANE MARIA RELIEF
Correa , who is from Puerto Rico , has partnered with Astros owner Jim Crane to charter a plane filled with water , food and other supplies to deliver to the island on Sunday to help those affected by Hurricane Maria .
“ Obviously a lot of people are suffering from hunger and they 're going through tough times right now , so I just want to bring a little bit of help over there , ” Correa said .
UP NEXT
Fister ( 5-9 , 4.88 ERA ) , who pitched for the Astros last season , will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday against Peacock ( 13-2 , 3.00 ERA ) , who will be making his postseason debut .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Social media is having a field day with the news that Barnaby Joyce is a New Zealand citizen .
Today , New Zealand 's Department of Internal Affairs confirmed that Joyce is a New Zealand citizen after checking his status last week - a development that could put his place in Australia 's Parliament in jeopardy .
A spokesman for NZ Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne said Internal Affairs had advised Dunne of it after queries about Joyce 's status from Australian media .
Barnaby Joyce a kiwi . The signs were there if only we knew to read them # auspol pic.twitter.com/Y8L9aurqEW — Conor Murtagh ( @ conormurtaghRAW ) August 14 , 2017
That was confirmed by the Crown Law Office and Joyce was advised by New Zealand 's High Commission in Australia as he revealed this morning .
Advertisement
Joyce told Australia 's lower house he would remain in his position until the matter was resolved .
He said he was shocked to learn he could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent via his father .
Cue hilarious memes and social media posts .
A photo of Joyce grinning from ear-to-ear while holding aloft a sheep at a campaign photo op 'proved ' his Kiwi-ness , one online post said .
The obvious jokes about our Kiwi affection for sheep were made easier by Joyce growing up on a sheep farm in Tamworth , NSW .
Numerous jokers inserted him into a well known 'beached as , bro ' internet cartoon , superimposing his head on to the New Zealand-accented whale .
Others referenced his notorious feud with actor Johnny Depp that started when the star and then-wife Amber Heard sneaked two dogs into Australia past quarantine .
Barnaby Joyce has issued an apology pic.twitter.com/RSy1bmGPuM — Tahlia Pritchard ( @ Tahls ) August 14 , 2017
Joyce threatened to have the dog euthanised if they did n't leave and the couple were forced to make an apology video that doubled as a quarantine ad .
STILL SHOCKED ABOUT THIS BARNABY JOYCE CONTROVERSY . WE ALWAYS CONSIDERED HIM AS AUSSIE AS RUSSELL CROWE , PHAR LAP AND SPLIT ENZ # auspol — The NT News ( @ TheNTNews ) August 14 , 2017
References to kiwifruit were also popular .
FINALLY the truth comes out about what barnaby joyce has been hiding under that hat pic.twitter.com/F3C5iiPvOD — Maddison Connaughton ( @ madconnaughton ) August 14 , 2017
my god ... we were all so blind pic.twitter.com/dyzvuXSjTO — mat whitehead ( @ matwhi ) August 14 , 2017
A more user referenced the infamous 1981 'underarm incident ' .
`` Hey , Barnaby Joyce . This make you mad ? '' the Twitter user jokingly asked .
Another photoshopped picture showed Mr Joyce looking in horror at Frodo Baggins ' Hobbit Hole from Lord of the Rings - shot in NZ - filled with kiwifruit , All Blacks players , Russell Crowe , and pavlova .
Barnaby Joyce right now . pic.twitter.com/JSpoP5AmH2 — Bondi Burger ( @ TheBondiBurger ) August 14 , 2017
Several people also noticed the uncanny resemblance Joyce bore to Wal from Footrot Flats in a photo of him pairing his akubra with short shorts .
Oh Barnaby Joyce , if only there were signs # auspol pic.twitter.com/DMM8hcd4xX — Josh Earl ( @ MrJoshEarl ) August 14 , 2017
A more straightforward gag drew Maori tribal tattoos on Joyce 's face .
UPDATED : New Zealand Power Rankings :
1 ) Scribe ↔️
2 ) Lorde ↔️
3 ) Steven Adams ↔️
4 ) Richie McCaw ↔️
5 ) Barnaby Joyce ⤴️ https : //t.co/BuU4W4INVc — Tom Read ( @ traread ) August 14 , 2017
Joyce would be the third Member of Parliament ousted over dual citizenship issues , after Greens senators Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlum .
`` I was born in Tamworth , just as my mother and my great-grandmother was born there 100 years earlier , ' he told parliament .
`` Neither I , nor my parents have ever had any reason to believe I may be a citizen of any other country .
`` I was born in Australia in 1967 to an Australian mother and think I am fifth-generation . My father was born in New Zealand and came to Australia in 1947 as a British subject . In fact we were all British subjects at that time .
`` Neither I nor my parents have ever applied to register me as a NZ citizen , and the NZ Government has no register recognising me as a NZ citizen . ''
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
If you have n't been keeping tabs on Yahoo lately , you would n't be alone . With the exception of the massive 2014 data breach that exposed the personal data of roughly 500 million users , the company has all but dropped off the map for many .
Unfortunately for Yahoo , that very data breach has come back to haunt them yet again . Although the breach initially took place in 2014 , Yahoo never disclosed the incident - it was n't until 2016 that the media discovered the breach and began reporting on it .
As we reported in January last year , the SEC opened an investigation into the matter to determine whether or not Yahoo 's decision to avoid disclosing the breach broke any laws .
Now , the SEC has finally come to a decision . The organization has announced that the `` entity formerly known as Yahoo ! Inc. '' has agreed to pay a $ 35 million penalty to settle charges that it misled investors by `` failing to disclose one of the world 's largest data breaches . ''
... the SEC 's Steven Peikin made it clear that the commission does n't take issue with a company simply taking some additional time to disclose a breach ...
In a statement , the SEC 's Steven Peikin made it clear that the commission does n't take issue with a company simply taking some additional time to disclose a breach -- indeed , in some cases it 's necessary -- but he warns that the organization 's patience is not infinite .
`` ... we [ have cautioned ] that a company 's response to such an event could be so lacking that an enforcement action would be warranted , '' Peikin said regarding the incident . `` This is clearly such a case . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman from Pangbourne is urging people to back a bid to raise money which can be used to tackle the condition that killed her six-day old nephew .
Nicole Wright 's nephew Tommy passed away at a hospital in Germany on Monday , July 3 after a short battle with sepsis .
The boy 's father Johnny Roden , 29 , has decided to embark on a grueling fundraising challenge in April , which will see him ride 1,250 miles . That is 10 miles for every hour of Tommy 's life .
The father-of-three , who is a Lance Corporal in the British Army , says the proceeds will be donated to UK Sepsis Trust , which raises awareness of the infection , promotes effective treatments and helps survivors .
Ms Wright said : `` In June my sister Becki had her baby eight weeks early . He was doing really , really , really well but six days later he contracted sepsis , went into shock and then passed away .
`` It was a complete and utter suprise .
The number of people killed by sepsis in the UK 44,000 a year
`` It has obviously hit our family extremely hard and my sister and her husband felt a bit helpless , so he decided he was going to do a 1,250 mile bike rides over 10 days .
`` He will be riding from Land 's End to John O'Groats and then back through Brighton to Tidworth .
`` That will be 10 miles for every hour that Tommy was alive and all of the proceeds will be donated to UK Sepsis Trust . ''
To make a donation visit Mr Roden 's JustGiving page .
Trying to make things work on your own is not an easy task and you have to take the time to find a little bit of help . If you have some great business ideas in Dubai , but you do not have the capital to put them in action , you have to find others who can help . This is where you will find legitimate startups in Dubai that are going to change your life .
There are a few things you have to know before you will commit to any of them . There are risks you will be exposed to and this is why you have to make an informed decision . If you assume a calculated risk , you will be a part of a new venture , but it will not have a devastating impact on your financial state . But you have to know more about it .
For instance , the complexity of the business ideas in Dubai is one of the first aspects that will influence the way it can turn out . A complex plan does not lead to failure in the end , but you have to focus on all the things it will cover . The more loose ends you will find , the higher the risk will be and you should focus on other solutions in the end .
Another aspect you must be sure of is how much you will need to invest . There are quite a few things you may not be sure of when it comes to startups in Dubai and the initial cost is one of them . The first estimates that will be made can be exceeded sooner than you think and you must be sure you will see it through rather than losing your money .
Since you do not want to invest a great deal of money before you can be guaranteed the share of the profit you were promised , you have to know that your partnership will be legal and all the transactions will be in accordance with the legislation . You do not have to spend any money before you will see your deals closed and on paper as well .
Even if ii is a new flourishing market , it is not that easy to fly into this city and the ideas to be dropped at your feet . You have to put in a little bit of effort so you can find what you are looking for and determine if this is one of the best solutions you can make the most of . There are a few sources that will make this job easier for you in the end .
Using the web for this is one of the options you can make the most of . It is easier to cover more ground online and you will also be able to learn a few things that will help you in the process . The site of inv500.com is one of the best sources you can turn to when you are looking for new ideas you can make the most of in this part of the world .
There are many business ideas in Dubai , but you have to find them first and analyze them before you commit . If you are looking for a little bit of help in the process , you can turn to the site named before to find the startups in Dubai that are worth your attention .
Oil rose for a third day amid geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and expectations for a decline in US crude stockpiles .
Futures in New York climbed as much as 1 per cent , set for the highest close since late 2014 .
A measure of oil volatility rose the most in two weeks amid concern that President Donald Trump will reimpose sanctions on Iran , while friction between the Islamic Republic and fellow Opec member Saudi Arabia increased with further violence in Yemen .
Oil has rallied this month as the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies conclude they have all but wiped out a global crude surplus , while Iran signalled the group can end output cuts if prices continue to rise . Still , with production in the US at a record , investors are wary that expanding volumes from shale producers could thwart Opec 's efforts to eliminate the glut .
“ Oil bulls refuse to budge , ” said Tamas Varga , an analyst at PVM Oil Associates in London . Tuesday 's gain shows attention is “ still firmly on geopolitics . ”
West Texas crude for June delivery rose as much as 69 cents to $ 69.33 ( €56.73 ) a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , and traded at $ 68.83 in London London . Total volume traded was about 12 percent above the 100-day average .
Brent crude for June delivery advanced 5 cents to $ 74.76 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchanges after climbing 0.9 per cent on Monday . The global benchmark crude traded at a $ 5.92 premium to June WTI after closing at $ 6.07 on Monday , the highest premium in more than three months .
In the US . crude stockpiles probably fell for a second week last week , losing 2.25 million barrels , according to a Bloomberg analyst survey ahead of government data on Wednesday . Inventories in the nation 's oil-storage hub of Cushing , Oklahoma , may have dropped by 150,000 barrels in the period , a separate survey showed .
- Bloomberg
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Lin-Manuel Miranda , `` Game of Thrones '' and a key figure in the # MeToo movement are among the winners of this year 's Webby Awards .
Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for his work raising money for charities assisting Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria .
Susan Fowler , the former Uber employee whose harassment revelations helped lead to the ouster of the company 's CEO and bolstered the # MeToo movement , was named Webbys person of the year .
The awards , which honor internet excellence , were announced Tuesday and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin .
Advertisement
Winners from music include Jay-Z , Katy Perry and Lada Gaga .
`` Game of Thrones '' won for best overall online presence , and the video game phenomenon Fortnite won for best multiplayer competitive game .
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp has been tipped to be more than a short term fix at St Andrew 's .
William Hill bookmakers have the new boss at St Andrew 's down at 1/5 to be in charge for the first game of next season .
The club is being tipped to survive at just 7/2 to be relegated ( 1/6 to stay up ) .
“ It has been a while since Harry Redknapp was in club management but it looks as though his appointment may just be enough to stave off the threat of relegation for Birmingham and then to continue the job next season , ” said William Hill spokesman Joe Crilly .
Championship relegation : 1/66 Wigan ; 4/7 Blackburn ; 7/2 Birmingham ; 7/2 Nottingham ; 12/1 Burton ; 40/1 Bristol City
Redknapp to be Birmingham manager on the first day of next season : 1/5 yes ; 10/3 no
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
British holidaymakers should brace themselves for more Brexit pain when they change their pounds into euros , with Morgan Stanley forecasting the currencies are on the way to parity .
The pound is currently trading at 1.09 euro after collapsing from 1.31 euro the day before Britain voted to quit the European Union in June .
This has meant Brits holidaying in the likes of sunny Spain and Italy have had their spending power obliterated , which has resulted in more people than usual opting for `` staycations '' in Britain , despite it being afflicted with poor summer weather .
Now the US investment banking giant believes the dilapidated British currency has further to fall and is pencilling in pound-euro parity in the first quarter of 2018 .
It would signal the first time in its 18-year history the euro has reached parity with sterling .
Piling on the misery , Morgan Stanley described Britain 's economic prospects as `` bleak '' as it heads for what appears to be a calamitous exit from the EU , with Tory ministers unable to provide clarity on their vision for life outside the bloc .
Michael Gove , Boris Johnson , Philip Hammond , Liam Fox , Chris Grayling and Prime Minister Theresa May herself have given contradictory statements about Conservative plans for trade , customs , tariffs , immigration , air control , a transition period and countless other facets of Britain 's divorce .
`` The UK economic outlook looks bleak , with stretched household balance sheets , Brexit negotiation uncertainty potentially weighing on business investment , and net exports growth staying subdued despite a weak pound .
`` On the politics front , risks have also increased , with the Conservative Party showing split opinions on the UK 's Brexit position , revealing inner party tensions , '' Morgan Stanley added .
In contrast , the eurozone is on the up , with its economy expanding twice as fast as the UK in recent months .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The pound 's collapse has been used by Brexiteers to herald a new dawn of trading that would span beyond Europe .
However , official figures on Thursday showed the trade deficit widened as a boost to UK trade again failed to materialise .
Morgan Stanley also pointed to Britain 's `` unsustainable '' debt levels holding back growth , and investment evaporating in the wake of Brexit .
`` The household sector has increased spending , primarily funded by unsecured lending , which is unsustainable .
`` A consolidation of the household balance sheet , coupled with negative real wage growth , may reduce consumption , which has been propping up growth so far .
`` Brexit uncertainty may also weigh on business investment , which will weaken the already lacklustre productivity growth outlook , suggesting real rates staying low . ''
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) `` Evgeni Malkin had a goal and an assist in his return from a lower-body injury and Sidney Crosby got his 999th career point with an assist as the Pittsburgh Penguins rolled by the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 on Tuesday night .
Phil Kessel , Jake Guentzel and Matt Cullen also scored for the defending Stanley Cup champions . Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for his third shutout this season and the fourth of his career .
Pittsburgh broke it open with three third-period goals past Ryan Miller . Crosby fed a streaking Guentzel down the slot 2:27 into the third to make it 2-0 and pull Crosby within a point of becoming the 86th player in NHL history to reach 1,000 .
Miller made 38 saves while under siege for most of the night as the Penguins remained unbeaten in regulation since the All-Star break ( 5-0-2 ) .
DUCKS 1 , WILD 0
ST. PAUL , Minnesota ( AP ) `` John Gibson made 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season , rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored his fourth goal and Anaheim blanked Minnesota .
Gibson stalled the league 's fourth-highest scoring team , beating Minnesota and former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings .
The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December , a span of 34 games . Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves .
Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period .
MAPLE LEAFS 7 , ISLANDERS 1
Continued below .
Related Content Editorial : Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views : Readers letters ' KiwiSaver worth more than $ 36 billion
TORONTO ( AP ) `` Auston Matthews scored twice , Frederik Andersen earned his 100th NHL win and Toronto routed New York in a game with playoff implications .
The Maple Leafs set a season high for goals and won for the third time in nine games . They moved three points ahead of the Islanders for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference .
New York fell to 10-4-2 in its past 16 games .
Matthews increased his rookie total to 27 goals and Andersen stopped 33 shots . Josh Leivo had a career-high three points with one goal and two assists for Toronto .
Nazem Kadri and William Nylander each had a goal and an assist . Tyler Bozak and Matt Hunwick also scored for the Maple Leafs .
Jason Chimera scored on a penalty shot for New York . Thomas Greiss and Jean-Francois Berube combined to give up seven goals on 41 shots .
DEVILS 3 , AVALANCHE 2
NEWARK , New Jersey ( AP ) `` Devils defenseman Andy Greene scored the go-ahead goal on a power play and Kyle Palmieri converted on an odd-man rush with Taylor Hall to lead New Jersey over struggling Colorado .
Cory Schneider made 28 saves and Pavel Zacha added a goal as New Jersey won for the fourth time in six games ( 4-1-1 ) in its push to make the playoffs .
Jeremy Smith stopped 37 shots in his NHL debut after seven seasons in the minor leagues . Recent waiver pickup Mark Barberio and Mikhail Grigorenko scored for Colorado , which has lost four straight and is 4-22-1 in its last 27 games .
The win was only the Devils ' second against the Avalanche in 11 meetings .
SABRES 3 , SENATORS 2
OTTAWA , Ontario ( AP ) `` Robin Lehner made 39 saves against his former team , and Matt Moulson and Justin Bailey scored in the third period to rally Buffalo past Ottawa .
Lehner is 4-0-2 against the club that selected him in the second round of the 2009 NHL draft . He was traded away with David Legwand in June 2015 to Buffalo for the 21st overall pick in that year 's draft .
Ryan O'Reilly also scored for the Sabres .
Bobby Ryan ended a five-game run without a point by getting a goal and an assist for the Senators . Dion Phaneuf also scored , and Craig Anderson made 22 saves .
JETS 5 , STARS 2
WINNIPEG , Manitoba ( AP ) `` Patrik Laine got his third hat trick of the season , including the go-ahead goal with 5:07 left to lift Winnipeg over Dallas .
The Finnish rookie has 26 goals , including two in the third period as the Jets broke open a tight game . Joel Armia and Blake Wheeler also scored to help Winnipeg snap a four-game skid .
Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin scored in the second period for the Stars to erase a two-goal deficit .
Connor Hellebuyck made 34 saves in his third straight start for the Jets since Ondrej Pavelec sustained a lower-body injury .
Antti Niemi stopped 19 of 22 shots for Dallas .
The victory ended a five-game home losing streak for the Jets , and Dallas took its sixth loss in seven games .
PERTH , WESTERN AUSTRALIA -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
On April 18 , 2016 the scheme of arrangement between Perseus Mining Limited ( ASX : PRU ) ( TSX : PRU ) ( `` Perseus '' ) and Amara Mining plc ( AIM : AMA ) ( `` Amara '' ) and its shareholders ( `` the Scheme '' ) became effective .
Extension of Depositary Interest Facility
Perseus arranged a Depositary Interest facility for UK settlement until April 18 , 2017 , which was 12 months from the Scheme Effective Date , pending an examination by Perseus of the merits of obtaining a Standard Listing of its ordinary shares on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority ( a `` London listing '' ) to complement its existing share listings on the Australian Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange . As announced earlier , Perseus is still examining the merits of a London Listing . In view of that , Perseus has decided to extend the settlement arrangement for investors to hold Depositary Interests for a period of 12 months until April 18 , 2018 .
If Perseus decides not to seek a London listing before April 18 , 2018 it may cancel the Perseus DIs . If this cancellation takes place , shareholders will receive Perseus shares to replace their DIs .
If a holder has an existing relationship or account with a broker , they may wish to contact that broker to establish whether they have a facility to allow the holder to hold and trade the Perseus shares and warrants and to discuss what procedures would need to be followed to put such a facility in place .
Warrant trading
As part of the Scheme consideration , unlisted Perseus warrants were issued to Amara shareholders . Although unlisted , the warrants can be traded by way of off-market transfers . From time to time , Perseus receives enquiries from parties asking whether Perseus is aware of any parties who may be interested in acquiring or selling warrants , as the case may be . If requested by relevant parties , Perseus is willing to assist by putting the parties in contact with each other to enable them to discuss a possible sale and purchase .
Please note that putting parties in contact with each other does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation as to selling or buying the warrants . Perseus will not get involved in any dealings between those parties , including , without limitation , giving any views on valuation , and Perseus does not receive a fee or commission for introducing interested parties .
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
Green conspiracy theories to explain the failure of Democrats to mention Climate Change in their responses to President Trump 's Climate Free State of the Union speech .
Democrats Lack A Bold National Climate Change Plan In The Trump Era , And It Shows
The party 's rebuttal this week to the president 's State of the Union address ignored what should be a progressive core issue for the party .
By Alexander C. Kaufman
When Republicans began crusading last year to dismantle the Affordable Care Act , progressive Democrats ― and centrists with 2020 presidential ambitions ― countered with a push for Medicare for all . The proposal , though unattainable in this political moment , outlined a clear vision for the party and offered voters a sweeping sense of what is possible .
If you think the partisan divide over health care is intense , it 's even worse when it comes to climate change . Republicans are the only major political party in the developed world to question the scientific realities of manmade global warming as a platform issue . Yet Democrats , at least on a national level , remain scattered , without a strategy to deal with what they regularly call the most pressing issue of a lifetime .
At no point was this more clear than on Tuesday . In the first of two back-to-back snubs , Democrats on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works spent comparatively little time grilling Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt on climate change during his first appearance before the panel since his confirmation nearly a year ago . They chose instead to focus on local pollution issues .
Later that night , four out of five rebuttals to President Donald Trump 's first State of the Union address ignored climate change . Only an aghast Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) inveighed : “ How can a president of the United States give a State of the Union speech and not mention climate change ? ”
Democrats ' kids-gloves approach to climate change is baffling in 2018 . Last year was the second-hottest on record . Hurricanes and wildfires devastated densely populated coastal areas and huge swaths of the West , causing a record $ 306 billion in damages . And a historically unpopular president spearheaded an all-out assault on climate science , instigating witch hunts and censorship in agency ranks , showering polluters with taxpayer money and vowing to withdraw from a global emissions deal signed by every other nation on Earth , even Syria and North Korea .
…
One obstacle could be Democrats ' acceptance of fossil fuel donations . Exxon Mobil Corp. doled out less than 9 percent of its $ 2.1 million 2016 election spending to Democrats . The American Petroleum Institute , the industry 's main lobby , spent $ 748,100 on Democrats in 2016 ― at least 15 times more than any previous election year ― yet the contributions still paled before the $ 3.1 million Republicans received . But those donations helped secure dependable allies in Sens . Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) and Heidi Heitkamp ( D-N.D. ) .
On Wednesday , 350.org hosted a Climate State of the Union , where Sanders became the first senator to sign the group 's new pledge to reject all fossil fuel donations .
“ When Democratic politicians stop taking oil money and they start realizing the oil money is just poisonous , that will be a big help , ” said RL Miller , president of Climate Hawks Vote , a super PAC . “ As long as they are taking money from the oil industry , it 's very hard for them to get out in front of bills that may have a negative impact on the oil industry 's bottom line . ”
…
REYKJAVIK , Iceland ( AP ) — Pop singer Helgi Bjornsson , who is well-known in his native Iceland for a 1980s hit titled `` I Do Like the Rain , '' recently appeared on national television while a deadpan reporter challenged him to defend the song 's premise .
The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore . This summer has been so gray and wet in the capital of Iceland that meteorologists have to look as far back as 1914 to find records for a worse May and June .
In other parts of Europe , especially Britain and Scandinavia , a heat wave is expected to continue well into July .
The stark contrast is no coincidence . High pressure over western Europe alters the jet stream and pushes clouds and rain over the continent 's northern posts , causing foul weather in this North Atlantic island nation .
Advertisement
`` It 's the other side of the heat wave token , '' Iceland meteorologist Trausti Jonsson said . `` The people of Reykjavik are paying for the sunshine in England and southern Scandinavia . ''
During June , the month of midnight sun and camping holidays in Iceland , sunshine touched Reykjavik for a total of 70 hours . The temperature reached 13.2 degrees Celsius ( 56 F ) on the warmest day , two degrees shy of Reykjavik 's average for the month .
In May , it rained every single day .
Summer 's delayed arrival has spurred a weather forecast obsession and constant disappointment in the world 's northernmost capital city .
A forecast calling for 11 hours of clear sky on Thursday brought giddy excitement , with many posting on social media how they planned to spend the sunniest day in two weeks .
But then the forecast changed . The sun now is expected to give way to clouds by noon , according to the Icelandic Met Office .
Some here have given up hope . One travel agent told local media that bookings for last-minute beach holidays are coming in `` without any marketing on our behalf . '' Tanning salons are making a comeback , while ice cream vendors , house painters and the staffs of outdoor swimming pools struggle with low demand for their services .
`` You need about two days of sun for outdoor wood to completely dry , '' house painter Mar Gudmundsson lamented . `` I do n't think we have had that . ''
Summer is Iceland 's main tourist season and many travelers sleep in tents during their stays .
The Laugardalur campsite in Reykjavik is seeing slightly fewer guests than in previous years . But manager Oddvar Arnason observed that `` most people do n't change their means of accommodation after arrival and simply adjust . ''
Alex Moreno , a 17-year-old camper from Granada in Spain , said he found the brisk climate more pleasant than the boiling weather at home .
`` Just put on a jacket and it 's fine here , '' he said .
Things have been worse . In June 1914 , when the slaying of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria plunged the globe into World War I , Europe was under a hot spell and Reykjavik , in return , got biblical rainfall .
Historian Gudjon Fridriksson said Reykjavik at the time was a town of about 15,000 people with an undeveloped sewage system and mostly dirt roads .
`` Getting from place to place meant crossing mud and a lot of puddles , '' he said .
As for the remainder of 2018 's alleged summer , Fridriksson has an it-can-only-get-better attitude , a widespread expression of resilience and hope in this weather-beaten capital .
`` Besides , '' the prolific historical writer said , `` this is the perfect weather to finish my next book . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The craze surrounding the brand-new £1 coin shows no sign of slowing down .
Indeed , collectors are flocking to online auction sites in a bid to get their hands on the rarest and most valuable coins out there .
The new 12-sided coin , designed by a Midlands schoolboy , from Walsall , entered circulation last month .
But despite a prolonged manufacturing process , huge numbers of the new 12-sided editions , dubbed 'counterfeit proof ' by the Royal Mint , have entered circulation with striking errors .
As the Mirror reports , errors range from everything including an upside down Queen 's head to a missing Queen 's head altogether .
And while the coins are legal tender - meaning you can use them to pay for goods - they 're selling like hotcakes online , with one coin - the bestseller so far - racking up 15 bids in total - and a £294.00 profit .
The coin features a cutting error , which has made it highly sought after by collectors .
Ebayer mcellenbear made the second biggest online profit out of the faulty new coins last month , raking in a huge £250 for her coin which was actually missing the Queen 's effigy entirely .
The listing read : `` £1 coin dated 2016 with one side blank on silver middle section . The coin appears to have missed the striking stage for the silver centre piece where the Queen 's head should be and is just blank shiny silver and flat . ''
The sale last month has been followed by dozens more listings , with opportunistic sellers cashing in on their luck at landing themselves the super rare editions .
One member , robbiethebarge9 even managed to get his hands on two - but admitted he 's saving one for his own collection .
The third most lucrative of all the coins appear to be the misshapen ones , which have sold for up to £104 on eBay to date . These include coins where the Queen 's head is slightly tilted , the sides are rigid - instead of smooth - and the text is upside down .
Ebayer ben-crawford2010 received two of the coins at once at a local store , both of which appear to feature an upside down Queen 's head .
The member said : `` It seems unusual and very striking . Thought someone would be interested in this , got it down the road in the shop with another one . ''
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines . It turns out , our diets also help determine what we smell like .
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables . Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing .
Skeptical ? At first , I was , too . I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry . ( Makes a good marketing campaign , right ? ! )
But it 's legit . `` We 've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness , especially for women , '' says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia . He studies evolution , genetics and psychology and is an author of the study .
From an evolutionary perspective , scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status , and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate .
So , how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor ?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy , young men . They assessed the men 's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer . When people eat a lot of colorful veggies , their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids , the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red , yellow and orange foods .
`` The carotenoids get deposited in our skin , '' explains Stephen . The spectrophotometer `` flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back , '' says Stephen . The results are `` a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we 're eating , '' he says .
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires , so they could determine the men 's overall patterns of eating . Then , men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise .
Afterwards , women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat . ( Note : The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation , but you get the picture ! ) `` We asked the women to rate how much they liked it , how floral , how fruity , '' and a bunch of other descriptors , explains Stephen .
It 's a small study , but the results were pretty consistent . `` Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer , '' Stephen told us .
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women . But meat did tend to make men 's odor more intense .
`` This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor , '' says George Preti , an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia .
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet , `` characterized by increased intakes of eggs , cheese , soy , fruit and vegetables . ''
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect .
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food . `` But that 's not what happens , '' Preti says . Your breath might smell like the food you eat , but not your sweat .
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands .
`` The sweat does n't come out smelly , '' Preti explains , `` It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin . ''
Now , of course , at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace , is the smell of our sweat a big concern ?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington , D.C .
`` I 'm pretty OK with my smell , '' Stefan Ruffini told me . That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries , along with a beer . When I told him about the findings of the study , he laughed it off .
`` I 've got a girlfriend , so I do n't worry about these things ! `` he said .
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples .
`` As a lesbian , I have n't smelled a man in several years , '' Stacy Carroll , who was also at happy hour , told me . `` I eat a lot of produce , I have a girlfriend , so it 's working out ! ''
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health -- '' feeling good , looking fit '' — than their smell .
The British and Irish Lions used a rush defence to great effect in their drawn series against the All Blacks this year but flyhalf Beauden Barrett says the world champions will be ready to counter if the Wallabies adopt the same tactic on Saturday .
The All Blacks , who face Australia in the Rugby Championship opener in Sydney , romped through last year 's tournament with an average of six tries per match on the back of a fast-paced , high-skilled game with Barrett pulling the strings .
In their three-Test series , the Lions were able to stifle the All Blacks attack with a defensive pattern that pressured Barrett in close and cut off his options out wide .
While other teams may see the system as a blueprint for how to play against the world champions , 2016 World Player of the Year Barrett said the All Blacks had already come up with ways of exploiting the space it can offer .
“ Some teams in Super Rugby adopted that style of defence too , and we do understand it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure , ” said Barrett . “ But ... there are opportunities elsewhere .
“ If the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday , we have learned ways to deal with it . It is an ongoing trend ; more teams are starting to bring that line speed . ”
While Australian rugby is beset by problems on and off the field , the ease with which All Blacks won last year 's Southern Hemisphere competition seems to have been forgotten , perhaps due to the Lions series .
The combined side forced the All Blacks into errors , put them under sustained pressure and exposed some poor decision making .
With the team building to the Rugby Championship and looking ahead to the 2019 World Cup , Barrett said the Lions series had been the ideal wake-up call .
“ We were perhaps tested in areas where we have n't been before , so that 's exactly what we wanted , ” he said . “ We ask those hard questions of ourselves and of our team-mates and it gets the best out of the team . It is just what we needed . ”
There may have been a full-scale military salute to welcome the new royal baby in London on Tuesday , but US president Donald Trump showed that he can compete with the British when it comes to pageantry .
As the cannons rang out in Hyde Park to welcome the fifth in line to the throne , across the Atlantic the grounds of the White House began to tremble as a 21-gun salute boomed through the city .
The White House South Lawn was a sea of red , white and blue as Donald and Melania Trump hosted the first state visit of Trump 's presidency .
A military band entertained the invited group of dignitaries , school children and the press as we awaited the arrival of the two leaders . Spirals of flowers in the colours of the French and American flags decorated the White House fountain .
After the performance of both national anthems , the US president looked pleased as punch as he accompanied his friend Macron to review the troops . Trump himself attended military school ( though he famously was exempted from service in Vietnam due to a problem with bone spurs in the foot ) . In fact , he was so wowed by last year 's Bastille Day celebrations in Paris that he is said to be considering hosting his own military parade in Washington .
Despite much talk of common challenges , it was difficult to see much common ground between the two presidents , particularly on Iran
As the men took to the podium , the unlikely allies spoke fondly of the bonds between the two countries . Macron quoted de Tocqueville 's Democracy in America ; Trump spoke of the 60,000 American soldiers who “ rest for eternity beneath the peaceful fields and hills of the French countryside ” .
Slight dig
After a slight dig at America 's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord , Macron rerouted the speech to express his thanks to “ cher Donald ” .
“ Viva l'Amerique ; Viva la France , ” he concluded triumphantly as the impeccably dressed Brigitte Macron and Melania Trump smiled and waved to the crowd , more like regal hostesses than spouses of the leaders of the world 's most famous Republics .
But the bonhomie had limits . Within minutes of the ceremony 's close , both men made their way across the paths to the West Wing and into the Oval Office , while their wives headed to the National Gallery to view a new exhibition of paintings by French artist Cézanne .
French president Emmanuel Macron kisses the hand of his wife , French first lady Brigitte Macron , as they are welcomed by US President Donald Trump and US first lady Melania Trump at the White House . Photograph : Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Although Trump lovingly brushed dandruff off the French president 's suit – to make his friend “ perfect , ” as he put it – the bromance was strictly personal .
Trump abandoned the diplomatic niceties as he denounced the Iran nuclear deal as “ insane ” and “ ridiculous ” . As the two men joined the US cabinet , Trump denounced his country 's trade deficit with the European Union as “ unacceptable ” . Macron spoke vaguely about the importance of working together .
The tone continued at the joint press conference , which had to be relocated to the East Room of the White House from the Rose Garden , due to poor weather .
Common ground
Despite much talk of common challenges , it was difficult to see much common ground between the two presidents , particularly on Iran . While Trump drew parallels between his electoral victory and that of the French president , their policy differences were wide – not least on foreign policy and trade .
Whether the personal relationship could generate any real policy progress before Macron heads to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to address the joint houses of Congress was unclear .
The Trumps were due to host Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron at a state dinner on Tuesday night where the menu was set to be spring lamb served with jambalaya , the iconic Southern dish from Louisiana which was influenced by the French in the region . Whether this attempt at cultural connection will translate into further substantive Franco-US co-operation remains to be seen .
Are you looking to make a perfect plan to spend your vacations at a beautiful and natural destination ? When it comes to knowing about some of the natural destinations for your vacation trips , you can visit Belize as the perfect option . At this destination , people visit to explore the beauty and history of mysterious Maya temples , jungles , rivers and ceremonial caves . Now , you can also explore the natural beauty of this destination by finding the best tour packages for Belize .
Various tour agencies are available to provide lots of tour packages for people who want to explore Belize as the perfect historical destination . If you also find tour package for all inclusive vacations Belize , you will find lots of experiences at this destination as given below :
The mysterious Maya temples :
When it comes to knowing about the main tourist attraction at Belize , it will be history and Mystery of the Maya temples . Most of the people want to spend Belize all inclusive vacations to know about the Maya Civilization and to see the architectural beauty of these temples made hundreds of years ago . Now you can also know about the history of mysterious Maya Civilization by visiting here .
Explore the ATM and ceremonial Caves :
By visiting this popular destination , you will also find options to explore ceremonial and ATM Cave Belize Actun Tunichil Muknal . These caves are known to have lots of mysteries and secrets in it that you can explore by visiting this popular tourist destination .
Explore the natural beauty of jungles :
For the adventure lovers , this destination is popular because of Belize Cave Tubing and Zipline as well as the beauty of its natural Jungles . When you visit the jungles of Belize , you will find opportunities to explore the wildlife as well as the beautiful rivers to have adventures here .
Therefore , Belize is full of the adventures and lifetime experiences of all the tourists . If you also want to find the best tour packages to visit this beautiful tourist place , you can search online and can choose from various tour packages including all the required services for your trip .
US president Donald Trump and French president Emmanuel Macron pledged on Tuesday to try to resolve US-European differences on Iran , but Trump gave no clear signal about whether he would carry out a threat to abandon an international nuclear deal with Tehran .
After lengthy talks at the White House , Macron told a joint news conference with Trump that the two had discussed “ a new deal ” that would strengthen the 2015 Iran accord along Trump 's lines , such as by addressing Iran 's expansion in the Middle East and its ballistic missile programme .
But with a deadline on the US 's decision on whether to remain in the deal looming next month , it was unclear whether the two allies made substantial progress on the future of the agreement , which the West sees as vital to preventing Iran from building a nuclear bomb .
Trump continued his hostile rhetoric toward the nuclear deal , calling it terrible , ridiculous and insane and threatening Iran with repercussions should it restart its nuclear programme .
“ If Iran threatens us in any way , they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid , ” Trump said .
Trump has until May 12th to decide whether to keep the US in the agreement and is under strong European pressure to remain in it , with Macron saying that , while imperfect , it holds the best chance of containing Tehran .
The two leaders also discussed Syria , with Macron urging Trump to keep US forces there for the time being as a bulwark against Iran and to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants .
Trump did not promise to leave the troops in Syria , but made clear they would not be withdrawn imminently .
“ We want to come home . We 'll be coming home . But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint , ” Trump said .
Iran threat
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear programme if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement .
Under the deal , Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions .
US president Donald Trump and French president Emmanuel Macron hold a joint press conference at the White House in Washington , DC . Photograph : Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty Images
Trump said he and Macron could have an agreement soon on the Iran deal . “ We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly . I think we 're fairly close to understanding each other . ”
Trump said the Iran agreement , struck between Iran and world powers , was a “ terrible deal ” that was “ insane ” and “ ridiculous ” because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran 's involvement in conflicts such as those in Yemen and Syria .
A US withdrawal from the Iran agreement would raise tensions in an already volatile Middle East , possibly prompting an arms race involving Saudi Arabia . Iran says its nuclear programme is aimed only at peaceful purposes .
Pulling out of the Iran agreement would also raise questions over how Trump could coerce North Korea into giving up its nuclear weapons .
Trump is trying to arrange a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late May or early June . – Reuters
A woman who recently had a baby at Cork University Maternity Hospital ( CUMH ) has lodged a letter of complaint amid claims that the isolation room she was in after giving birth registered a temperature of more than 40 degrees .
There is no air conditioning in the hospital 's wards but it is available in the labour rooms , emergency department and operating theatres .
Mags Keogh , who lives near Mitchelstown , said new mothers have been cooling off with mobile fans which patients are often bringing in themselves .
“ They only had four fans in the hospital last Wednesday and the nurse did suggest that I get someone to go over to the shopping centre to get me one , ” she said . “ At one stage the temperature was 42.9 degrees in the ( isolation room ) . I was in my underwear and the baby was in his nappy because it was too hot . ”
Ms Keogh , who gave birth to her second child , Patrick , last week , said she was in the isolation room because a risk of contamination arising from a possible bug . However , she said the doors had to be opened because it was “ too dangerous ” to have a newborn in a room with such a high temperature .
She said it was “ cruel ” to expect staff to work in that kind of heat .
“ They are concerned about patients . They brought in fresh jugs of water all the time . They would come in to check you and baby were fine , ” she said .
It is understood the temperature in the nursery at CUMH was exceeded 29 degrees at the weekend whilst the nurses ' stations saw temperatures of above 30 degrees .
Dr Keelin O'Donoghue , a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at CUMH , said the maternity unit was designed to be a building where air circulated naturally .
“ What happened after construction of the building was the introduction of fire safety regulations , which meant that double doors be put along all the corridors and they could not be left open , ” she said .
“ I appreciate at the moment we have an unusual heatwave , but to be honest on an average summer parts of the hospital are unpleasantly hot . These last few weeks in higher temperatures have not been easy . ”
A spokesperson for CUMH said it was policy not to comment on individual cases but the hospital was “ very aware of the difficult conditions which are being experienced by both patients and staff due to the exceptional weather .
“ Mobile air conditioning units have been installed , and the hospital is enhancing the ventilation and cooling of corridors and wards . CUMH will continue to closely monitor ward temperatures while the current heatwave persists . ”
Super Eagles star Alex Iwobi was an unused substitute for Arsenal who ended their four-game winless streak away from home in the Premier League on Monday by defeating Middlesbrough 2-1 at the Riverside Stadium 2-1 .
It was the second straight game the Nigerian forward would be missing .
Mesut Ozil grabbed the winner for the Gunners after Alvaro Negredo 's close range strike had cancelled out Alexis Sanchez ' s sublime freekick from the edge of the box .
The win also sees Arsenal close the gap on a Champions League place to seven points with six games left to play .
Arsenal were the better side at the start of the encounter in their new 3-4-3 formation dictating the pace of the game but it was Middlesbrough who had the ball in the back of the net .
Marten De Roon headed in Gaston Ramirez 's lob into the net in the 13th minute but the celebrations was short lived by the linesman 's flag for offside .
Arsenal had their first shot on goal after 28 minutes with Aaron Ramsey failing to finish off a nice build-up play from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Oliver Giroud .
In the 41st minute , Sanchez curled in a brilliant free-kick to hand Arsene Wenger 's side the lead into the break .
At the restart , Middlesbrough kicked off well and forced a corner which was wasted .
But in the 50th minute Negredo restored parity for the hosts with an improvised volley to lift the fans at the Riverside Stadium .
Stewart Downing had the chance to make it 2-1 but he blasted his shot wide after latching on to George Friend 's cross .
But in the 71st minute , Ozil fired in a low shot from 12 yards out to restore the Gunners ' lead .
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
By Simon Ebegbulem & Gabriel Enogholase
BENIN—MYSTERIOUS deaths has hit Iguomon village in Uhunmwode Local Government Area of Edo State , following curses placed on the community by the Oba of Benin for flaunting his orders .
The curses , Vanguard gathered , were necessitated by the disobedience and perversion of native norms by the former officials of the outlawed Community Development Association , CDA , in the village , who flouted the orders of the Benin monarch .
The inhabitants of the village , who besieged the palace of Oba Ewuare II in tears yesterday , appealing for a revocation of the curses placed on Iguomon community .
They also claimed that mysterious deaths , strange diseases , attacks of various kinds as well as untold afflictions have been ravaging the community shortly after the curses were placed .
Spokesman and Secretary to the community , Mr. Joseph Ighodaro , said they were at the palace to appeal to the monarch as the supreme traditional authority in the state to revoke all the curses placed on Iguomon village by his ancestors .
He stated that the people of the village were ready to carry out all the necessary rites needed for the revocation of the curses .
They also pleaded with monarch to consider Mr. Roland Okhuarobo as the rightful Odionwere of Iguomon village , just as they promised to refrain from all forms of violation of traditional norms to avoid further premature deaths and disasters .
AMESBURY , England ( AP ) — British police say two Britons who fell critically ill in the town of Amesbury were exposed to nerve agent Novichok , the same material used to poison a former Russian spy in a nearby area last spring .
Medical officials said Wednesday people who had been in the area where the couple had been should take precautions and wash their clothes .
Police said it is unclear if this incident is linked to the earlier poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal , or if the batch was the same as the one that poisoned them on March 4 .
Counter-terrorism police detective Neil Basu said it is unclear if the couple were targeted or if the poisoning was accidental .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This page is for personal , non-commercial use . You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues , customers , or clients , by visiting http : //www.autobloglicensing.com
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The company behind the golden arches wants to get greener .
McDonald 's on Tuesday announced a number of steps it will take to cut the greenhouse gases it emits into the air , including tweaking the way the beef in its Big Macs and Quarter Pounders is produced .
The world 's largest burger chain said it expects the changes to prevent 150 million metric tons ( 165 million tons ) of greenhouse gas emissions from being released into the atmosphere by 2030 , equal to taking 32 million cars off the road for a year .
Several food and beverage companies have announced changes recently to appeal to customers concerned about the environment . Dunkin ' Donuts said it will phase out foam coffee cups by 2020 . And soda maker Coca-Cola announced plans to recycle a bottle or can for every beverage it sells by 2030 .
Advertisement
McDonald 's said beef production , restaurant energy use and packaging account for more than 60 percent of its emissions , and will focus on making changes in those areas first .
It will work with beef suppliers to reduce carbon emissions at cattle farms and ask franchisees to replace light bulbs and kitchen appliances in its restaurants for more energy-efficient ones . It is also in the process of using more environmentally friendly materials for its soda cups , Happy Meal boxes and burger wrappers , a shift it first announced last month .
The Oak Brook , Illinois-based company declined to say how much it will spend to make the changes .
___
Contact Joseph Pisani at http : //twitter.com/josephpisani
Exploring Mathematical shapes in RISC OS Posted by Mark Stephens on 09:28 , 15/2/2017 | Software , Reviews
! PolyDraw and its linked programs ( ! PolyNet , ! Stellate and ! PolySymm ) lets you view , create and explore complex mathematical shapes . It also lets you print out the flat design for any shape which you can then cut out and stick together to make a physical shape .
The software gives you a huge range of three dimension shapes , which you can inspect in a 3D viewer . The viewer lets you choose how to rotate the shape in any directions , what color/shading you use ( or you can stick to wire frame ) and shows the flat outline net of the shape . When you print them out , the software adds tabs to the surfaces so you can cut out and glue the shape together . If the 141 initial shapes are not enough , there are additional data sets to load and use can create your own .
At RISC OS shows the Fortran Stand is usually full of Cubes , Dodecahedron and other icosahedra and the experts show you how to use features in the software . It 's like being back in your coolest ever Maths class ! As they say it is ideal for children of all ages ( especially those over 18 ) .
They are regular exhibitors at the
All details and their downloads are on the Fortran Friends
One of my long-time favourite programs for RISC OS is ! PolyDraw from Fortran friends . If it is not already installed on your RISC OS machine , it deserves to be ( shame on you ) . It is fast , fun , educational ( and since 2016 it has also been free ) . It also has that wonderful property of a great game - you can use it pretty much instantly without the manual but it has loads of depths to explore . ! PolyDraw and its linked programs ( ! PolyNet , ! Stellate and ! PolySymm ) lets you view , create and explore complex mathematical shapes . It also lets you print out the flat design for any shape which you can then cut out and stick together to make a physical shape.The software gives you a huge range of three dimension shapes , which you can inspect in a 3D viewer . The viewer lets you choose how to rotate the shape in any directions , what color/shading you use ( or you can stick to wire frame ) and shows the flat outline net of the shape . When you print them out , the software adds tabs to the surfaces so you can cut out and glue the shape together . If the 141 initial shapes are not enough , there are additional data sets to load and use can create your own.At RISC OS shows the Fortran Stand is usually full of Cubes , Dodecahedron and other icosahedra and the experts show you how to use features in the software . It 's like being back in your coolest ever Maths class ! As they say it is ideal for children of all ages ( especially those over 18 ) .They are regular exhibitors at the South West Shows . So hopefully you will be able to see them in a few weeks.All details and their downloads are on the Fortran Friends website Log in to comment on this article
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County 's three-game losing streak came to an end at Pride Park Stadium tonight .
The Rams put a dent in Cardiff City 's automatic promotion hopes - as they came from behind to beat the Bluebirds 3-1 at Pride Park Stadium .
A welcome three points for Gary Rowett 's men moves them back up into the Sky Bet Championship play-off places , ahead of Millwall and into sixth .
For Cardiff , they remain a point ahead of in-form Fulham , with both sides having just two games left to play .
Callum Patterson 's first-half strike seemed to have the Bluebirds on course to take a giant step towards the Premier League , but Cameron Jerome drew Derby level after the break .
Substitute Matej Vydra then slammed home from inside the box , before Jerome wrapped up the three points in added time .
Derby Telegraph chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park and you can watch his video verdict above .
CAIRO ( AP ) — Sudan 's official news agency says archeologists have reopened burial chambers in an ancient pyramid north of the capital , Khartoum .
SUNA says Tuesday the chambers are located at a depth of 10 meters ( about 33 feet ) under a pyramid in the Meroe area . The UNESCO world heritage site is home to pyramids ranging from six meters ( 20 feet ) to 30 meters ( 100 feet ) tall .
It says archeologists from a Qatari mission discovered artifacts , including human and animal bones , inside the chambers .
The pyramids , with narrow bases and steep angles on the sides , were built by the ancient Nubian civilization between 720 and 300 B.C .
Advertisement
Qatar has pledged $ 135 million to renovate and support Sudan 's antiquities .
Billionaire bets on America 's weight problem with Ashley Stewart acquisition The billionaire backer behind Weight Watchers is betting even bigger on America 's obesity problem . Raymond Debanne , chief executive of The Invus Group , acquired plus-size retailer Ashley Stewart this week — ...
Ashley Stewart has a big hit with 'extended sizes ' fashion One of the country 's largest plus-size women 's apparel retailers has raised the largest size it sells to 32 — up from 26 — and it is succeeding in a big ...
Tom Cruise likes to think of himself as an action hero both on-screen and off . In real life he 's saved a family from a burning boat , pulled a small child to safety from a movie premiere crush and used his private jet to send a badly injured crew member to hospital .
Cruise is also one of the rare A-list actors to insist on doing almost all of his own stunts . Here 's a run-down of every time Cruise has danced with death in the name of art .
Mission : Impossible 6 ( 2018 )
Well , something had to go awry eventually . While shooting a sequence for the forthcoming Mission : Impossible 6 in London , Cruise was captured by TMZ cameras attempting to leap between two buildings , but smashing into the edge of a roof instead .
While he is then seen attempting to finish the scene , he also appears to be badly limping .
Cruise 's current condition is unknown .
TMZ later reported in a second story that Cruise had already tried and failed to perform the stunt at least once before , proving that one 55-year-old man can only defy gravity so often before gravity strikes back .
Advertisement
The Mummy ( 2017 )
It would n't be a Tom Cruise press tour without a gleeful anecdote about the star nearly getting decapitated , or getting tossed out of an exploding plane onto a motorcycle or something similarly outlandish .
So , right on cue , Cruise has been busy recalling the days it took to shoot one of the standout action scenes in The Mummy , which involved him and costar Annabelle Wallis being flung around an airplane cabin in zero-gravity .
`` I had to convince the studio to let me do it , and Annabelle and I had to do the scene 64 times , '' he revealed on The Graham Norton Show .
`` It took us two days and the crew was flying around and vomiting in between takes . You could n't train for this . Normally stunts take months of prepping but we just did it . It was wild and I ca n't believe the studio actually let me do it ! ''
Mission : Impossible - Rogue Nation ( 2015 )
The most extreme stunt in the fifth Mission : Impossible film has Cruise 's Ethan Hunt attempts to break into a Airbus A400M , the huge military transport plane starts to taxi down the runway , before taking off with the super-agent clinging on by his fingertips .
Cruise was attached to the plane by a harness . In order to have his eyes open during the scene , the film 's team used `` sclera '' contact lenses that would cover them both entirely , protecting them from rogue particles and hard air .
Airbus was initially reluctant to let the star do the stunt , and it took some convincing before they agreed to it . `` The things we were all very concerned about were particles on the runway and bird strikes , '' Cruise said in an interview with Yahoo Movies .
`` We spent days clearing out the nearby grass of any birds , and they brushed the runway as best they could . My stunt coordinator would poke me if he got reports of bird strikes . The pilot had to be on the lookout for anything in the air that could impact me in any way . ''
In the end , they shot the scene eight times . `` I fly warbirds [ vintage military aircraft ] , I fly aerobatic airplanes , but this was pretty damn exciting and exhilarating , '' said Cruise . `` The adrenaline was flowing ! When that thing was going down the runway it was everything to keep my feet down , then it went up and my body was slamming on the side . I was like 'Whoa , this is intense . ' ''
Mission : Impossible - Rogue Nation ( 2015 )
Ever the dedicated professional , the anxiety-inducing scene in Mission : Impossible - Rogue Nation in which Ethan Hunt has to break into underwater security vaults was all Cruise , along with his superhuman Scientology lungs .
After training with a professional free-diver , Cruise repeatedly submerged himself underwater for six whole minutes at a time in order to film the scene .
`` The kind of training I had to do for that was pretty intense , '' Cruise said . `` I 've done a lot of underwater scenes but I 've never done one [ like this ] that will get the audience to lean forward and have a visceral reaction . ''
Edge of Tomorrow ( 2014 )
Filming a car chase sequence , Cruise was `` almost killed '' by his co-star Emily Blunt . As they performed the scene for a second time , Blunt had to take a hard right at high speed .
`` Suddenly , as I approach the right hand turn , I hear him going , 'Brake , brake , brake ... Oh God ! Oh God ! Brake the car ! Brake the car ! ' ''
`` When I first heard him say , 'Brake ' , in my head I went , 'Oh , shut up ' , you know ? As if I knew more about stunt driving than Tom Cruise ! ''
Jack Reacher ( 2012 )
In 2012 Cruise told American talk-show host Jimmy Fallon how he hurt his foot after repeatedly kicking another man in the crotch during the shoot of espionage thriller Jack Reacher .
Having filmed a number of takes , what was initially a not unenjoyable activity for the actor - `` the first 10 times it was like 'Yeah ! ' '' Cruise told Fallon - became painful for him . `` After about 50 times in , my foot was swelling ... I kept having to loosen my shoe . ''
Rob Alonzo , the film 's stunt coordinator , said that Cruise is `` better than most stuntmen . He 's an incredible driver , an incredible fighter and stunt performer . He flies planes , he knows how to ride horses , he rides motorcycles , so any director would be lucky to have a guy like that because they can keep the camera on him the whole time and it 's more engaging . ''
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol ( 2011 )
While filming Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol , Cruise insisted on scaling Dubai 's Burj Khalifa which , at 2,723ft , is the tallest building in the world . In the movie 's most memorable action sequence , Cruise 's Ethan Hunt climbs up the building with adhesive gloves , then abseils down it on a makeshift rope , swinging himself through an open window .
For this last part , the actor struggled against crosswinds , and repeatedly slammed into the building : `` It took a while to figure out how to not come into the building head first , '' he said . Although Cruise did have a stunt double , he was only used to check the rigging ( Cruise wore a harness that was digitally edited out in post-production ) .
In order to do the stunt , the production team was forced to scrabble around for an insurance company after the first one they used refused to cover Cruise 's scramble on top of the Burj .
Valkyrie ( 2008 )
In 2008 's Valkyrie , Cruise played amputee Nazi war hero Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg , who unsuccessfully plotted to assassinate Hitler . Although the actor remained unharmed during shooting , 11 extras were injured on set when they were hurled from a truck .
The side of the vehicle came loose during the filming of a night scene in Berlin , where part of the city was cordoned off and transformed into the Third Reich 's power base .
Collateral ( 2004 )
Another day , another near-death experience at the hands of a co-star . During the filming of Michael Mann 's Collateral , Jamie Foxx had to drive his car into Cruise 's Mercedes , but misjudged the speed . Cruise 's car went flying off the set : `` I was hitting the roof , '' said Cruise . `` I was down on the ground . ''
`` They were so worried that I had killed my man , '' Foxx said . `` Can you imagine all that money bouncing around in the back seat ? ''
The Last Samurai ( 2003 )
The Last Samurai involved 8 months of training for the then 41-year-old Cruise , including horseriding and all manner of martial arts . `` I 've done fight scenes before , '' Cruise told the Daily Mail , `` but this was significantly different from anything I 've ever experienced ... There were over 70 points of contact where you could potentially lose your eye , your ear or your nose . ''
The actor came closest to death when the mechanical horses used for some of the scenes malfunctioned . While filming a fight sequence with co-star Hiroyuki Sanada , the horses were meant to stop as the two actors swung their blades . `` He was approaching me and then suddenly his horse hit me and his sword was an inch from my neck '' .
Cruise was saved by Sanada , whose quick reflexes and skill with the sword meant he was able to avoid decapitating the Hollywood star . `` I just managed to stop my sword an inch from his neck , '' said Sanada . `` It was so hard . I was drenched in sweat ! My God ! But Tom never blinked ! It was the biggest moment , the most dangerous moment . After that , I never hit him , he never hit me . ''
Mission : Impossible II ( 2000 )
In opening scene of this 2000 sequel , Cruise 's Ethan Hunt is reintroduced to viewers free-climbing cliffs at Utah 's Dead Horse Point . Cruise did all of the climbing save for the moment his character slips from the cliff . He was winched in and out of position and the harness he wore for safety was removed in post-production .
Director John Woo said that he was too terrified to look through the viewfinder as the scenes were shot , fearing that his star might slip 2,000ft to his doom . Cruise would not be persuaded against doing the stunt , though , and even tore his shoulder jumping across the cliff-face in the pursuit of the perfect shot .
Mission : Impossible ( 1996 )
The first Mission : Impossible film set the tone for all that followed . Here , aside from the famous dangling-on-a-rope break-in scene , the most memorable stunt was the one which saw giant fish tanks explode , bringing with them a tidal wave of glass .
Cruise did the stunt himself , to the horror of director Brian De Palma and Cruise 's producing partner Paula Wagner . Fortunately he walked away with nothing more than a hurt ankle . One of the other stuntmen was unluckier still , as a piece of glass cut a gash in his leg .
Far and Away ( 1992 )
For his role in the 1992 immigration drama Far and Away , Cruise had to play a contender in the world of bare-knuckle boxing .
`` I caught a few shots , '' Cruise said . `` The stunt guys did n't want to hurt me , but it had to look real . ''
`` I screamed , '' said Nicole Kidman , who co-starred in the film . `` I saw the bruises to his body and said you better tell Ron [ Howard , the director ] what 's happening . But [ Tom 's ] pretty tough . ''
Days of Thunder ( 1990 )
The idea for this Nascar racing drama was Cruise 's : he 'd been introduced to the sport by Paul Newman when the two were filming The Color of Money . Cruise did his own driving , naturally , and was praised by real-life racers for his control of the stock cars .
There was one occasion , though , when he lost control of his car . After shimmying to the left , he tried to take a right-hand turn , with the result that the car span off the track . Although Cruise was n't badly hurt , the $ 100,000 camera that was attached to his car was totalled .
Top Gun ( 1986 )
While filming the climactic post-crash scene in which Cruise 's character holds Goose 's lifeless body in the ocean , the actor 's parachute began to fill up with water without him realising . Luckily a frogman noticed the swelling and cut the chute loose seconds before it could drag Cruise down to the depths . `` Cruise came as close to dying as anybody on a set I 've ever seen , '' said Barry Tubb , who played Wolfman in the film .
Sadly , Top Gun 's aerial camerman Art Scholl was n't so lucky . Scholl 's biplane spun out of control as he filmed scenes meant to show Maverick 's POV as his jet plunged into the sea ; he crashed , and was killed instantly .
State track : Okanogan girls third , Republic boys second
 The Okanogan High School girls ' track team finished third in state 1A , powered by two state championships .
The Bulldogs finished a mere two points behind second-place Seattle Academy and one point in front of fourth-place Bear Creek ...
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bath Lift Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Devilbiss Healthcare , CareCo , Mobility Bath Aids , Tiger Medical , Inc , Assist Ireland , Amica Medical Supply , Mountway , Relaxa , Molly , AquaJoy , Invacare Corporation , Merits Health , Aqua Creek , Orca , Vitality Medical .
The report begins with introducing the global Bath Lift market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bath Lift report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-lift-market/5894/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Bath Lift Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Automatic , Semi-auto .
Bath Lift Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Hospital , Rehabilitation Center , Home Care .
Key points in the Bath Lift Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-lift-market/5894/ # inquiry
From all of this Bath Lift market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bath Lift market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Bath Lift distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Looking for a flexible and rewarding job that gives people a greater quality of life ? A career in care might be just what you are looking for .
Perth and Kinross is seeing a growth in its elderly population and along with it , a greater need for carers and support workers to help people live in their own homes for longer .
Perth and Kinross Council is helping independent care providers to recruit people into what can be an extremely rewarding long-term career – that benefits not just you , but the people you are helping . A career in care is varied , interesting , extremely rewarding and it really makes a difference .
Carers work closely with many different people to make sure they are well looked after and have a good quality of life .
You do n't need any care experience , just kindness , empathy , patience – all the good qualities for caring for someone .
Watch this video to learn how carer Lyndsay Clark makes a difference to the life of Anne Graham :
Care is provided by a wide range of companies in the area and many have job opportunities for people who want to make a difference to the lives of others .
All companies who provide care services for the council have now signed up to the Living Wage and fair working practices , so carers now receive a minimum of £8.25 per hour and are paid for travel time and mileage .
Carers also receive full training and will be supported to gain their SVQ qualification in Health and Social Care . The job offers flexibility – care jobs can often be fitted in around other demands such as children and family .
Diane Fraser , Head of Adult Social Care in the Perth and Kinross Health and Social Care Partnership , explained : “ We want to make sure people in Perth and Kinross who need care and support can live at home independently , and have the high standard of care they deserve . To achieve this we need all the companies who provide this care and support to have the caring staff they need to fill current vacancies . To help them with their search , we 're launching a campaign that asks people to consider a career in care at home – one that will really make a difference to the lives of elderly people and vulnerable people here in Perth & Kinross . ”
She added : “ We are looking for people of all ages and background – the main thing is that they would make an excellent carer , with qualities such as kindness , empathy , patience and being a good listener . It is very important for a carer to be compassionate and to be able to offer reassurance and support . ”
To find out more about becoming a care at home worker in the Perth and Kinross area , please visit the caring page on the PKC website or text ‘ CARING ' to 60777 to register your interest . Alternatively , you can call the team on 01738 475000 .
Irish racing 's much-hyped new two-day fixture , the inaugural Dublin Racing Festival at Leopardstown , attracted an attendance of 14,105 on the opening day on Saturday . The meeting which hosts a total of seven Grade 1 races this weekend , with prize-money of €1.5 million , saw Irish champion National Hunt trainer , Willie Mullins , complete a four-timer with wins from Min , Footpad , Patricks Park and Blackbow .
Min ( 11/8f ) set the ball rolling for the Closutton trainer when taking the Grade 2 Coral Dublin Chase , the second race on the opening day card , by an impressive 12 lengths . Under jockey David Mullins , Min travelled well behind the front-running Special Tiara ( 12/1 ) , winner of last year 's Champion Chase at the Cheltenham Festival , but surged ahead of the Henry de Bromhead-trained horse in the run to the line . English challenger Simply Ned ( 12/1 ) finished as runner-up to Min , occupying the same spot he achieved at Leopardstown 's Christmas Festival last December , only for the Nicky Richards horse to get the Grade 1 Paddy Power Chase in the stewards room on that occasion . Winning owner , Rich Ricci , who has n't had as much success this season as last , said of the winner :
“ It was great , it was relief and he looked better than at Christmas . Everyone tells me he jumped well today . It puts him back on track for Cheltenham , and starts a big weekend here in Dublin for us . ”
Footpad provided Mullins with his second winner in the next race , the Grade 1 Frank Ward Solicitors Arkle Chase , when winning by five lengths from Petit Mouchoir . The 4/9f made it three wins from as many runs over fences when leading all the way under Cork-born jockey Paul Townend . Mullins ' charge jumped well throughout the race with the last fence being his poorest effort . The winning rider was impressed with his partner 's performance :
“ He jumps like a stag , you 'd swear he 's jumping fences all his life . It was a great thrill riding him , he was deadly ! ”
Rachael Blackmore , who rides out at Willie Mullins ' once a week achieved the biggest win of her career so far when partnering Patricks Park ( 6/1 2f ) to success in the Grade B Coral Sandyford Handicap Chase . Despite being headed by the JJ Slevin-ridden Three Starts ( 25/1 ) between the final two fences , the Champion Conditional jockey and her mount took the lead after the final fence and ran on to clinch the win .
The high-quality Goff Future Stars I.N.H . Flat Race saw Blackbow ( 11/4f ) , under Patrick Mullins , complete his father 's four-timer . The winner , now two from two in bumpers , surged into the lead inside the final furlong to hold on by a length and a half from Joseph O'Brien 's Rhinestone ( 4/1 ) . The winning trainer immediately nominated the Weatherbys Champion Bumper at Cheltenham for the victor .
Veteran Richard Gasquet led France to a 2-1 win over Germany at the mixed teams Hopman Cup in Perth this Monday .
Gasquet beat rising star Alexander Zverev in their men 's singles match and then teamed with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles rubber .
Although Gasquet , 30 , is ranked six places above the teenage Zverev , the German last year became the youngest player to break into the top 20 since Novak Djokovic in 2006 .
String of winners
Zverev 's power was on display early as he unleashed a string of winners off both wings and was rewarded with the first break of serve in the seventh game . Gasquet immediately broke back to level at 4-4 , withstood break points in the ninth game and clinched the set with another break in the 12th game .
He needed just one break of serve in the second set , in the sixth game , to see off the challenge of a frustrated Zverev 7-5 , 6-3 in 86 minutes .
Gasquet then teamed with Mladenovic for a comprehensive 4-2 , 4-1 win over Zverev and Petkovic in the mixed doubles under the quickfire Fast Four format .
Petkovic beats Mladenovic
Germany had earlier taken the lead when Andrea Petkovic benefited from an early arrival in Australia and an unorthodox preparation to put in a quality performance against Mladenovic , winning 6-2 , 6-1 .
Petkovic broke the Frenchwoman 's serve five times in the match and said she was primed for a big start to the year .
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka : An envoy says Maldives will not extend the state of emergency that is due to expire on Thursday amid criticism of the government over the recent political turmoil .
Mohamed Hussain Shareef , ambassador to neighboring Sri Lanka , said the government “ has no intention of extending ” the emergency when its 30-day period expires , “ barring very unusual circumstances such as widespread violence . ”
Maldives declared an emergency due to turmoil following a Supreme Court ruling ordering the release of several of the president 's jailed political opponents . Under the emergency law , President Yameen Abdul Gayoom had two Supreme Court judges arrested for alleged corruption and the remaining three judges annulled the order to release Yameen 's opponents .
The emergency regulations gave Maldives ' security forces sweeping powers , including to make arrests and search and seize property .
Russian physicist turned venture capitalist billionaire Yuri Miller has , since 2012 , funded nine awards for major scientific accomplishments called Breakthrough Awards . Each carries a prize of $ US3 million .
To quote Mr Miller from an Economist article : `` For better or for worse , we are living in an age of celebrity . Intellectual achievement gets less and less recognition in the eyes of the public . ''
He calls his awards the `` Oscars of science . '' Hats off to you , sir . More and more of us are sick to death of the saturation coverage at Oscar time , and of sports and movie stars being elevated to God-like status .
Is there anything more boring than some Oscar-winning , emotionally wired actor bubbling forth about a list of people he or she is grateful to ? I have n't watched this narcissistic porn show in years , and even then never for much longer than half a single winner 's gushy speech .
The brilliant Hollywood marketing machine dipped one hook baited with Oscar , and a billion-plus humans took it . Yes , actors are important in most people 's lives . Their skill gives humanity a mirror ; a great performance on screen can be a life-changer for some . A lot of actors are multi-skilled , some extraordinarily so . Of course the best deserve our admiration .
But being gifted with a certain talent does not mean we have to bow down in homage . I 'm much more admiring of a scientist who makes a ground-breaking discovery than an actor playing whatever his or her next paying role is .
Most of us love sport , so no criticism of any sportsperson here ; but they 're not that important in our lives . It only feels as if they are . I guess because , like actors in movies , they carry our hopes and feel like kind of mirror of who we are .
But Lebron James is not more important to humankind than any of the top hundred scientists . An actor has , first , a writer 's script , then the entire film crew working to ensure his or her performance lifts to the necessary level . And if you 're a movie star getting paid $ 20 million a movie , then you have to find and even exceed that highest level .
Continued below .
Related Content Alan Duff : Time for a little less on self , and more on others Alan Duff : Aleppo - it 's not our problem Alan Duff : Why is the world so fat ? It 's culture
But , as Marlon Brando once put it : `` It 's only acting . We 're not that important . ''
If the Kardashians are more famous than scientists saving millions of lives with their research and subsequent new medicines and technology , then we 're all culturally less for it .
The Economist article suggests celebrity status is part of the job requirement for an actor . Not so a scientist . It 's a poor argument , as `` celebrity '' is a concept put in our minds . It is a notion `` sold '' to the public by marketing people fully aware that humankind has an inate need to elevate anyone who reflects them , plays a role they identify with , or entertains exceptionally .
Actors satisfy fantasy ; allow a very ordinary person to become , for just a couple hours , heroic , noble , courageous , tragic , even dead . As long as he/she got the girl/guy , revenge , the prize , or achieved the goal first . Most of all , the fantasy is complete when the actor , through his/her skills and emotional conveyance , makes Joe and Jacinta Ordinary feel admired and loved by the whole world .
Hollywood does n't keep for long any actor who has lost the public 's adoration . No . It 's the Trump treatment : `` You 're fired . '' Hollywood and the media feed off this celebrity machine . The elevator that takes an actor to the penthouse suite is the same going to the basement . At least in sport many stars have a meal ticket for life .
Celebrity is so un-Kiwi . Give us the Richies and Dans and all our aw-shucks , yeah-no modest , even shy , Olympic athletes . Or hugely successful business people who shun the public spotlight . And when the last movie has been made , the last TV drama series has shocked and enthralled us in the final episode of the final season , scientists will still be searching the heavens trying to unlock the mystery of our beginnings .
We need scientists to peer , probe , test , and measure everything . Someone popping a ball into a hoop , a ball into a hole , a net , between upright goalposts , does n't shift humanity much . Brilliant scientific minds do the heavy lifting behind the scenes . If the Kardashians are more famous than scientists saving millions of lives with their research and subsequent new medicines and technology , then we 're all culturally less for it .
Happy New Year .
- NZ Herald
During recent years , there has been significant growth in mobile biometrics market . Biometric is likely to analyze people 's physical characteristics as well as behavioral approach . The technology is mainly launched to support the argument that every individual is unique from both physical and behavioral mannerisms . Biometrics identifiers recognize both physiological characteristics and behavioral characteristics . Physiological characteristics identify the composition and shape of the body , such as fingerprints , face , hand , DNA , retina , ear features , and odor , whereas a person 's behavior is recognized by behavioral characteristics such as voice , gestures , gait , and typing rhythm .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-biometrics-market.html
Mobile biometrics portray some of the special characteristics such as face identification , retina , voice , iris , vein , scanner , software , and fingerprints . All these functions are put into action by launching superior quality camera , enhancement in the quality of microphones , and present mobile devices introduce some common method for verification such as fingerprint reader .
IT consumerization ( information technology consumerization ) acts as the main driver generating demand in the mobile biometric market . It refers to the use of personal devices such as tablet PCs , iphones and connects these devices to the corporate network for safe transactions even without prior permission of organizations . All these iphones and TabletPCs possess biometrics . At present , demand for iphones and TabletPCs is rising , which in turn raises the demand for mobile biometrics .
Hence , transformation of market to smart commerce from traditional commerce enable the mobile biometrics market to grow at an increasing rate that save time and deliver efficient security relations without any execution of passwords . Similarly , increasing demands for personal devices for financial transactions safely as well as BYOD ( bring your own device ) act as other driver which contributes growth to mobile biometric industry . Moreover , with the rise in demand for mobile security the voice biometrics are gaining more popularity .
Fear of data breach , privacy breakup , and high TCO ( Total cost of ownership mainly depicts the indirect and direct cost of mobile biometrics ) act as key restraints for this mobile biometrics market . There are high possibilities of unauthorized alteration of biometric databases which will further increase the cyber threats .
Thus , increase in e-commerce and online future transactions will create an opportunity for the investors to invest in mobile biometrics industry .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=15062
Mobile biometrics markets are segmented by end users and application . Enterprises and individual consumers act as end users . Individual consumers can make online payment through mobile biometrics without using any debit card or credit card whereas enhancement in POS process will expand the market during the forecast period .
Access control and authentication are segmented by application in mobile biometrics market . The process of authentication is further segmented into single-factor authentication and multi-factor authentication . Multi-factor authentication possess three credentials and those are knowledge factor such as passwords , possession factor such as Paytm and inherence factor such as retina scan , fingerprint scan , and others . While single-factor authentication is a process that identifies the user requesting access through only one category of credentials . In 2015 , access control held the major market share in mobile biometrics .
By geography mobile biometrics market is segmented by North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World . North America and Europe shows a steady growth due to increase in adoption of smart phone devices and e-passport , compared to APAC and ROW .
Due to presence of abundant large and small vendors , mobile biometrics market is extremely fragmented . Research and development play a key role in mobile biometrics market which generate competition in terms of innovation , price , quality , distribution , reputation , service , and promotion . Increase in establishment of high level vendors raises M & As , wherein small vendors merged with large one .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Wednesday dissolved the 10-year marriage between Mrs Florence Anyasi and her husband , Stanley Anyasi , over infidelity .
The court president , Mr Akin Akinniyi , while delivering the judgment said that all efforts to reconcile the couple had failed .
“ Since both parties consented to the dissolution of their marriage , this court has no choice than to dissolve the marriage .
“ The court hereby pronounces the marriage between Mrs Florence Anyasi and Mr Stanley Anyasi dissolved today .
“ Both of you henceforth cease to be husband and wife , each of you should go on his or her separate ways unmolested .
“ The court wishes both of you well in your new journey of life .
“ The court grants the custody of the children , age 10 , 8 , 6 respectively to their mother , the petitioner , pending when they attain the age of 18 years to decide who to stay with .
“ The respondent must be responsible for the children 's school fees , medical bills and must be paying N15,000 monthly for the children 's feeding which must be channeled through the court , ” Akinniyi ruled .
Stanley was dragged to the court by his wife accusing him of being a chronic womaniser .
The 36-year-old trader told the court that apart from numerous cases of his following women around , her husband used to sneak into their maid 's room to sleep with her .
“ My husband is a womaniser , he used to leave me in the bed at night and sneak into my maid 's room . I have caught him severally on my maid 's bed sexually assaulting her .
“ A neighbour approached me and told me to warn my husband to desist from asking her daughter to have love affairs with him .
“ I once caught him sucking the breasts of my niece , who is a minor and he is also fond of wooing my friends , ” she said , as she reeled out her grievances before the court .
The petitioner told the court that her husband had once tried to poison her when he brought food to her which subsequently caused her serious pain and vomiting .
“ I was rushed to the hospital by neighbours , when I was diagnosed , it was detected that the food I just ate had been poisoned . ”
The mother of three said that her husband equally turned her into a punching bag , beating her at the slightest provocation , and has been calling her thief and prostitute in public .
The estranged woman stressed that her husband was irresponsible and unable to provide food or pay for the education of their children .
She therefore urged the court to dissolve her marriage with Stanley .
The respondent , however , denied all the allegations and in turn accused his wife of adultery , claiming that her lover even bought a car for her .
“ In January 2017 she came home with a car of N1 million , when I queried her where she got the car from , she claimed she bought it with her money .
“ I strongly disagreed with her because she is only selling foodstuffs and can never afford that kind of car . ”
The 40-year-old businessman said that his wife packed out of their matrimonial home in 2017 without his knowledge .
“ I came home from work and discovered that my wife had packed all her belonging out with the children to start living with her lover .
“ I called her severally , she refused to pick but she eventually picked my call last January and informed me that our last baby she delivered in May 2017 was not mine that the child belonged to the man she is presently living with .
“ Before she even gave birth and packed out of my house , I always received information from people that they saw my wife in hotel with men but I always ignored them . ”
Stanley said that he provided food and was paying the school fees of their children .
On the allegation of turning her to a punching bag , Stanley said that he only beat her once when she stabbed him with bottle on his head .
The respondent urged the court to grant his wife 's wish for the dissolution of marriage saying that he too was no longer interested .
A suspected gang member is facing felony charges after he allegedly threatened a man with a machete , according to the Santa Barbara Police Department .
Danny Loyola , 19 , of Santa Barbara was arrested Sunday and booked into Santa Barbara County Jail on charges of carrying a concealed dirk or dagger — a machete — and committing a crime in association with a criminal street gang , said Sgt . Riley Harwood .
His bail was set at $ 100,000 .
Officers were called to the 200 block of South Milpas Street at about 5:45 p.m. Sunday on a report of a man brandishing a machete , Harwood said .
The suspect , Loyola , was located on 100 Nopalitos Way hiding behind a parked RV , was found to have an outstanding $ 5,000 misdemeanor warrant for violation of probation , and was arrested , Harwood said .
Investigation revealed that Loyola had been involved in a fistfight with another man on Milpas Street , Harwood said .
“ After exchanging several blows , the two combatants separated , ” Harwood said . “ However , moments later Loyola returned to the scene wielding a machete and pursued his adversary , who fled into the restroom of a nearby business and locked himself in . ”
Several witnesses observed the incident , Harwood said , and part of it was captured on security video cameras .
“ One witness who found himself in close proximity to Loyola informed him that his behavior could get him sent to prison , ” Harwood said . “ In an expletive laced response , Loyola stated his gang affiliation and told the witness that he did n't care if he went to prison . ”
Loyola concealed his machete under his flannel shirt and fled the scene , Harwood said .
On the 200 block of South Milpas Street , he hid his machete under a parked car and discarded his shirt in a bush .
He was arrested a short time later , and the machete and shirt were recovered , Harwood said .
The man Loyola is accused of pursuing with the machete was not located .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Last week , we woke up to reports that Khloe Kardashian was pregnant with her first baby with basketball star boyfriend Tristan Thompson .
We really , REALLY want to believe it 's true , but we still have n't had confirmation from Khloe , 33 , or 26-year-old Tristan .
But fans of the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star think her latest promotional photos for her jeans company , Good America , are proof that she has indeed got a bun in the oven .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Khloe posted a number of black and white photos of her with model Slick Woods to her Instagram , and fans are convinced they can see a baby bump .
Comments on the snaps include : “ Are you hiding your belly because you have a baby in there ? ”
And : “ Are you having a baby ? ”
A third added : “ OMG she had a little bump ! ! ”
And another fan said : “ I see a little baby bump ” .
This chick right here is crazy , sexy , cool all rolled into one @ slickwoods ! Slick was so much fun to shoot with ! She 's a force to be reckoned with ! 💣 # GoodSquad # GoodAmerican A post shared by Khloé ( @ khloekardashian ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 10:41am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Until we get confirmation from Khloe , Tristan or even momager Kris Jenner , we 'll just have wait patiently to start buying presents for a little Kardashian baby .
Although , Kim Kardashian has now confirmed that she 's expecting a third baby with Kanye West via surrogacy , so you could buy a pair of baby booties for Kanye Jr…
Back in June , reports that Kim and Kanye had made a deal with a surrogate mother to have their third child started circling .
Earlier this month TMZ reported that Kim and Kanye will welcome baby number three in January - just four months away !
And FINALLY , Kim herself has confirmed the news via Instagram - because how else would she do it ? ! Posting a teaser for the newest series of Keeping Up With The Kardashians , Kim shared the news that `` we 're having a baby ! '' to sister Khloe .
Still no word from Kylie Jenner , mind you…
Follow Anna on Twitter .
A potential cut to the Department of Agriculture 's discretionary spending would be ill-timed for farmers and their lenders .
The Trump administration 's budget proposal , while thin on details , would reduce the agency 's discretionary funding by more than a fifth . That could threaten the agency 's federal loan guarantee program , which last year provided nearly $ 4.3 billion in assistance to help farmers buy agricultural necessities such as real estate , equipment and fertilizer .
Film stars such as Radhika Apte and Usha Jadhav have spoken out in a new documentary over their concerns about sexual harassment in the Indian film industry and fears that victims are too scared to come forward .
In a BBC World News report to be aired over this weekend , Apte and Jadhav are among those who have opened up about the culture of silence in Bollywood , mainly because its stars are so revered .
`` Some people are regarded as gods . They are so powerful that people just do n't think that my voice is going to matter , or people think that if I speak , probably my career is going to get ruined , '' Apte tells BBC 's Rajini Vaidyanathan in `` Bollywood 's Dark Secret '' .
Asked what she thought about the # metoo campaign against harassment in Hollywood , the `` Pad Man '' star added : `` The way the women , and the men of course , came together and decided that as a team we are not going to let this happen , I wish that could happen here . ''
Vaidyanathan has also spoken to actresses who have faced unwanted advances as well as stars who believe a dark secret lies behind Bollywood 's glamour . Marathi award-winningactress Jadhav reveals that it is common for powerful men in the industry to demand sexual favours . Describing one conversation , she says that she was told she would need to give something in return for the opportunity she had been given .
I said something as in 'what ? I do n't have money ' . He said no , no , no , no it 's not about money , it 's about that you need to sleep with , maybe it can be a producer , maybe it can be a director , it can be both too , she said .
The documentary also interviews a 25-year-old aspiring actress who left her small village to chase her Bollywood dream , but says she was molested on a number of occasions , including the first time she met a casting agent .
`` He started telling me that for an actress you should be happy to have sex as and when possible and embrace your sexuality , '' she is quoted as saying in the documentary .
`` He touched me wherever he wanted , he kissed me wherever he wanted and I was shocked . He put his hand inside my clothes so I asked him to stop and he said : Do you know what , if you really want to work in this industry I do n't think you 've got the right attitude , '' she added .
The documentary will be aired around the world on Saturday and Sunday .
Credits - PTI
Budget votes usually come freighted with political implications , but the consequences may be more pronounced this year .
Democrats are waging an intense campaign to break the Republican supermajority in the legislature that gives the GOP power to control the agenda and ignore the Democratic governor .
Republicans , though anticipating some losses , are looking for newly competitive districts they can win .
Dallas Woodhouse , the state Republican Party executive director , said the party 's list of targeted districts will expand depending on this week 's budget votes . The GOP will look hard at defeating Democrats representing districts with high numbers of state employees , he said .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Democrats ca n't say they want more spending on education and higher state employee wages and then vote against a budget that provides that , Woodhouse said .
`` The Democrats voting no on this budget , while bad for the people of North Carolina , will absolutely expand our target list , '' he said .
`` If they do n't vote for it , they suffer the consequences . ''
He mentioned Sen. Don Davis , a Democrat from Greenville , as a potential target , saying Davis would be voting against a pay raise for East Carolina University workers if he voted against the budget .
`` Ads are ready to go on his district , '' Woodhouse said . The party later sent out a press release focused on Davis .
Davis , who spent time with ECU students and employees who were observing `` graduate education day '' at the legislature , said he was still examining the budget .
`` I 'm talking to my constituents , '' Davis said . `` My constituents will guide my decision , not Dallas . ''
Senate Democratic leader Dan Blue of Raleigh said Woodhouse is spewing enough hot air to fill passenger balloons .
The teacher raises in the budget were not as generous as this Gov . Roy Cooper proposed , Blue said .
`` We 're not obligated to vote for bad budgets '' that do n't do enough for teachers and public education , to encourage job creation or to protect drinking water , Blue said .
Blue called the Republican strategy on the budget , which allows only up or down votes and no changes , the product of `` backroom secret deals . ''
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acute Care Diagnostic System Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Siemens , Werfen , Radiometer Medical ApS , Alere .
The report begins with introducing the global Acute Care Diagnostic System market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acute Care Diagnostic System report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acute-care-diagnostic-system-market/5918/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Diagnostic Instruments , Reagents , Software , Services , Others .
Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Hospitals and Clinics , Emergency Physician Centers , Treating and Caring Centers , Others .
Key points in the Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acute-care-diagnostic-system-market/5918/ # inquiry
From all of this Acute Care Diagnostic System market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acute Care Diagnostic System market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Acute Care Diagnostic System distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The winner of 2017 Coach of the Year wo n't be announced until after 9 p.m . ET at the NFL Honors show in Minneapolis , but Google may know something we do n't . If you search Sean McVay 's name on the mobile site , it pegs him as the winner of the award , despite the fact that it has n't been announced yet .
Take a look for yourself , if you do n't believe us .
Sean McVay : AP Coach of the Year ? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/PxcmUNgoU3 — Cameron DaSilva ( @ camdasilva ) February 3 , 2018
Now , there 's no guarantee that McVay will win the award on Saturday night , and Google probably has no additional knowledge , but there 's a good chance the Rams ' head coach takes home the hardware .
He won PFWA Coach of the Year last month , which is a good indication that he 'll win AP Coach of the Year , too . If he does wind up winning the award , you can thank Google for spoiling the news a bit early .
British prime minister Theresa May called on Tuesday for an early election on June 8th , saying the government had the right plan for negotiating the terms of Britain 's exit from the European Union and she needed political unity in London .
Sterling rose against the dollar after Ms May made the surprise announcement outside her Downing Street office .
“ I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet where we agreed that the government should call a General Election to be held on the 8th of June , ” Ms May said .
She said when she became prime minister the country needed stability . She has delivered that , she said . And she has delivered on the referendum result . Britain is leaving the EU and there can be no turning back , she said .
“ I want to explain the reasons for that decision , what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election .
“ Last summer , after the country voted to leave the European Union , Britain needed certainty , stability and strong leadership , and since I became prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that .
“ Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger , since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high , record numbers of jobs , and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations .
“ We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result . ”
The prime minister had repeatedly denied that she would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020 . But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street she said she would go to the country this year .
Ms May 's Conservatives , who were split on the issue of European Union membership ahead of last year 's referendum , are currently far ahead of Labour , the main opposition party , according to opinion polls .
Members of Parliament have reacted on social media to the news . Andy Burnham , the Labour MP for Leith who ran for leadership of the Labour Party in 2015 , accused Ms May and the Conservatives of putting the party 's interests “ before the national interest ” . Jess Phillips , Labour MP for Birmingham Yardley , echoed Mr Burnham 's statement , saying : “ So much for putting party before country ” .
Douglas Carswell , who defected as a Conservative MP to Ukip in 2014 before quitting Ukip in March , said : “ If you voted UKIP in 2015 , it 's job done ” .
Deputy leader of the Scottish National Party Angus Robertson , said : “ Whatever happened to ‘ now is not the time ' ? UK General Election : 8th June . Straight choice in Scotland between theSNP and Tories . # VoteSNP ” .
Wire services
2019 : Fayemi resigns from Buhari 's cabinet
By Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA- AHEAD of the governorship election in Ekiti State , the candidate of the Progressives Party , APC , Dr Kayode Fayemi , Wednesday , formally resigned from President Muhammadu Buhari 's cabinet , as Minister of Mines and Steel Development to pursue governorship ambition .
This was made known by Fayemi in his valedictory speech while addressing a media conference on the sector 's performance and impact on diversifying the economy at the ministry 's headquarters .
Fayemi who handed over to the Minister of State for Mines and Steel Development , Abubakar Bwari , in acting capacity , said with the development achieved and ongoing process to take the sector to an enviable height , he will suggest Bwari should step into his position as minister .
Fayemi said the achievement in the sector has placed the nation among global mining destinations with low risks while
According to him leaving Buhari 's cabinet and the ministry was with mix feelings and overwhelmed by emotions including support received from the Minister of State , Hon Abubakar Bwari , Permanent Secretary and staff .
He also highlighted achievements recorded in the sector since he was appointed minister including final moves to fully return Ajaokuta Steel Company to the federal government .
He further stated the ministry has been at its best to minimize the use of mercury by promoting the use of borite at mining sites to safeguard life of host communities .
He said : “ This occasion of the valedictory ministerial briefing marking the conclusion of my tour of duty as Minister of Mines and Steel Development . On one hand , I have a deep sense of pride about my contributions to the landmark achievements we have been able to achieve in the sector and I am thus transitioning out with my head held high .
“ On the other hand , I am overwhelmed by emotions as I bid goodbye to a sector that I , together with other patriots , have invested a great deal of passionate and patriotic efforts over the past 2 years .
“ My exit from the ministry today follows the acceptance of my resignation by His Excellency President Muhammadu Buhari , GCFR , effective today , May 30 , 2018 , to allow me to pursue other political interests .
“ As you may recall , I assumed duty as Minister of Mines and Steel Development on November 11 , 2015 , following my appointment by the President , Commander in Chief , Muhammadu Buhari , GCFR .
“ The period of my stewardship in the Ministry has been strategic as it coincided with this administration 's determination to reposition the Minerals and Metals Sector to serve as a frontier of economic diversification , the creation of jobs and the broadening of the range of economic opportunities available to Nigerians .
“ The overall goal has been to ensure the sector contributes optimally to the building of a strong and virile economy that supports our human development goals .
“ We have made progress in resolving the legal issues around our legacy projects , particularly Ajaokuta . We have signed a Modified Concession Agreement ( MCA ) that has allowed for the commencement of the return of the entity to the Federal Government of Nigeria .
“ We have in place a timeline of action which would see the legacy plant become operational in the near future . We are at this time concluding an audit process , further to which we would fully take over the plant . We are taking the most appropriate steps in our national interest to ensure Ajaokuta is finally put to work after several false starts in the past .
“ On ALSCON , we have also made significant progress in our efforts to bring the Company back to life with the approval of the National Council on Privatisation that the company be given to UC Rusal with clear conditionalities for resuscitation . ”
According to him there was no feud between the Executive and National Assembly over Ajaokuta Steel Company , said , “ This is democracy we are bound to engage in robust debate time to time . Rather we are working in national interest to ensure the company stands on its feet again . ”
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year 's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people , an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large .
It described the Reina nightclub , where many foreigners as well as Turks were killed , as a gathering point for Christians celebrating their “ apostate holiday ” . The attack , it said , was revenge for Turkish military involvement in Syria .
“ The apostate Turkish government should know that the blood of Muslims shed with airplanes and artillery fire will , with God 's permission , ignite a fire in their own land , ” the Islamic State declaration said .
There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials .
Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged gunman taken from security footage . State broadcaster TRT Haber said eight people had been arrested in Istanbul .
The jihadist group has been blamed for at least half a dozen attacks on civilian targets in Turkey over the past 18 months but , other than targeted assassinations , this is the first time it has directly claimed any of them . It made the statement on one of its Telegram channels , a method used after attacks elsewhere .
Nato member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into neighbouring Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders , sending in tanks and special forces backed by fighter jets .
Nationals of Saudi Arabia , Morocco , Lebanon , Libya , Israel , India , a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed at the exclusive nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus waterway . Twenty-five of the dead were foreigners , according to the state-run Anadolu news agency .
The authorities believe the attacker may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State , the Hurriyet newspaper said . It said he may be from the same cell responsible for a gun-and-bomb attack on Istanbul 's main airport in June , in which 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded .
ADVERTISEMENT
The attack at Reina , popular with Turkish celebrities and wealthy visitors , shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in Istanbul and elsewhere , some blamed on Islamic State , others claimed by Kurdish militants .
Around 600 people were thought to be inside when the gunman shot dead a policeman and civilian at the door , forcing his way in then opening fire with an automatic assault rifle . Witnesses said he shouted “ Allahu Akbar ” ( God is Greatest ) .
Some at the club jumped into the Bosphorus after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year . Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets .
The attacker was believed to have taken a taxi from the southern Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul and , because of the busy traffic , got out and walked the last four minutes to the entrance of the nightclub , newspaper Haberturk said .
He pulled his Kalashnikov rifle from a suitcase at the side of the road , opened fire on those at the door , then threw two hand grenades after entering , Haberturk said , without citing its sources . It said six empty magazines were found at the scene and that he was estimated to have fired at least 180 bullets .
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people . Only days ago , an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by “ lone wolves ” on “ celebrations , gatherings and clubs ” .
In a statement hours after the shooting , president Tayyip Erdoğan said such attacks aimed to create chaos and destabilise the country .
Four months into its operation in Syria , the Turkish army and the rebels it backs are besieging the Islamic State-held town of al-Bab . Erdoğan has said he wants them to continue to Raqqa , the jihadists ‘ Syrian stronghold .
Turkey has also been cracking down on Islamic State networks at home . In counter-terrorism operations between Dec 26-Jan 2 , Turkish police detained 147 people over links to the group and formally arrested 25 of them , the interior ministry said .
The New Year 's Day attack came five months after a failed military coup , in which more than 240 people were killed , many of them in Istanbul , as rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power .
More than 100,000 people , including soldiers and police officers , have been sacked or suspended in a subsequent crackdown ordered by Erdoğan , raising concern both about civic rights and the effectiveness of Turkey ‘ s security apparatus .
The government says the purges will make the military , police and other institutions more disciplined and effective .
Turkey has seen repeated attacks in recent weeks . On December 10th , two bombs claimed by Kurdish militants exploded outside a soccer stadium in Istanbul , killing 44 people . A security guard who survived that attack was killed at Reina .
A car bomb killed at least 13 soldiers and wounded 56 when it ripped through a bus carrying off-duty military personnel in the central city of Kayseri a week later , an attack Erdoğan also blamed on Kurdish militants .
Islamic State 's Amaq website said the group was behind a car bomb attack that killed 11 people and wounded 100 in the city of Diyarbakir in November , but Turkish authorities denied this and said Kurdish militants carried out the attack .
The Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead as he gave a speech in Ankara on December 19th by an off-duty police officer who shouted “ Don ‘ t forget Aleppo ” and “ Allahu Akbar ” .
Reuters
One of the most renowned and talented singers from Karnataka , a proud Kannadiga , Raghu Dixit is disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood .
The multi-faceted artist who rose to fame with his Kannada songs and his band , The Raghu Dixit Project , is now a successful music director in Sandalwood .
He was one of the people who was responsible for highlighting Karnataka and Kannada 's importance . He has shown the world the importance of Kannada janapada songs .
This gem of a person is now extremely sad and disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood . He has been blamed for staying in foreign countries for too long . This baseless blame has made him lose some of the best offers of directing music in KFI , which had upset the artist .
Raghu Dixit expressed his disappointment on the Super Talk Time show , which airs on Colors Super channel , and addressed those people who falsely blamed him and spoke a few words which everyone ought to know .
Read more ..
Emails Detail Hidden Plan for Kansas City District
KANSAS CITY ( AP ) - Newly released emails detail hidden plan for the Kansas City school district and raise questions about how a contract was awarded to a private education reform group tasked with recommending ways of improving the school system .
The interfaith social justice organization MORE2 obtained the emails through a Sunshine Law request and shared them with The Kansas City Star . The newspaper reports that the emails show Education Commissioner Chris Nicastro 's wish for a statewide district that would operate some of the state 's lowest-performing schools , many of them likely in unaccredited Kansas City .
The emails also show that Indianapolis-based CEE-Trust was hired as a consultant even though another agency had offered its services for a third of the price . Nicastro says the state is after `` new ideas . ''
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play
He may have been a hero , but Thor is a pretty crappy housemate .
Marvel has released a fun video revealing what the warrior , played by Chris Hemsworth , gets up to when he 's not busy saving the world .
In the clip , Thor argues with his housemate Darryl who suggests the hammer-wielding god should get a day job to help pay the rent .
`` Do you know what my job is ? '' Thor asks .
Where are they now ?
`` I save the planet , '' he says , before cutting Darryl down to size .
`` The brain is a muscle ... and this is all muscle , '' he says , pointing to his shirtless torso , `` so I am covered in brains and I have more brains than you . ''
This is the second time we 've received a humorous glimpse into Thor 's real life after Marvel released a similar video back in October last year .
Thor at home
- news.com.au
Man Charged In Connection With Gloucester Deaths
Police have charged a man with the murder of Laura Boon , née Mortimer , and her daughter Ella Dalby in Gloucester .
Christopher Boon , 28 , and of Dexter Way , Gloucester , will appear before magistrates in Cheltenham on Thursday morning charged with two counts of murder .
Police were called to Dexter Way at 4.50am on Monday after the ambulance service reported that two people had been seriously injured .
Laura , 31 , and Ella , 11 , were pronounced dead a short time later .
ILOILO – A suspected gun maker in Barangay Sarague , Pototan town was able to elude arrest .
The 57-year-old Jemelie Parreño was not around when policemen raided his house on Thursday .
Operatives of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group ( CIDG ) entered Parreᾗo 's house around 5 p.m . They secured a search warrant from Judge Vicente Go of the Regional Trial Court , Branch 68 .
Though the raid 's subject was not around , the police were able to recover bullets of a 12-gauge shotgun , M16 armalite rifle and .45 pistol .
The police also recovered a holster and tools used in manufacturing guns , according to Inspector Pedro Celino of CIDG .
They applied for a search warrant , he said , after receiving information that the suspect was into the manufacture of homemade firearms as livelihood .
“ When we raided his house , he was not around . Perhaps he hid in rice fields or forested area , ” said Celino .
Only the suspect 's wife was in the house . Celino said the wife told them her husband used to manufacture guns but stopped a long time ago .
Parreᾗo faces a charge for violation of the Comprehensive Firearms and Ammunition Regulation Act even if he was not around during the raid .
CIDG director Senior Superintendent Francisco Esguerra said his office is concentrating on loose firearms and wanted persons aside from the antidrug campaign./PN
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The third-quarter Abington Heights Honor Roll has been announced .
Grade nine : Corey Abel , Joseph Adams , Maria Adonizio , Olivia Albright , Jacob S. Anderson , John Arcangelo , Olivia Arcuri , Kylie M. Augis , Zachery L. Bator , Isabelle Bernard , Emma S. Blakiewicz , Seth T. Blakiewicz , Zachary Boersma , Abigail Bonczek , Russell Booth , Jhilik Bose , Gray-Paul Bossi , Claire E. Boyle , Abigail Brock , James W. Brown , Reilly Brown , Emily Burke , Sofia G. Capozzi , Isabella Cappellano-Sarver , Maggie K. Carper , Abigail Casal , Sailor Castellano , Rachael V. Chastain , Cole Chichura , Nicholas Clark , Casey Cleary , Seth Colan , Jules S. Colombo , Evan J. Cummings , Mariel G. Curra , Sahil Dalsania , Bryn Daniels , Sarah Darling , Haddy G. Davis , John A. Deibert , Connor Dempsey , Hugh D. Dempsey , Rachel Dempsey , Zoe Detter , Joseph Dougherty , Kyla Dougherty , Hailey P. Driesbaugh , Kevin Duong , Noah Durkin , Noelle K. Fantanarosa , Amelia J. Farry , Emily Fick , Ally Fink , Luke Gardiner , Scott Gilbert , Jordin Giovagnoli , Delaney Greenish , Brandon F. Grogan , Ashley Hamilton , Sydney A. Hauk , Lauren Heine , Isabella M. Hewitt , Isabel R. Holland , Adin Hopkins , Shaine Hughes , Nia Ivanov , Angel S. Jefferson , Harry D. Johnson , Liam Jordan , Derek Justave , Delaney J. Kaeb , Hayley Kane , Iwo Kasperkowicz , Makayla Keoonela , Jadd Khalil , Justine Klotz , Troy Kostiak , Claudia N. Kozar , Bennett L. Kubic , Clarke Kupinski , Cara LaBelle , Julia LaCoe , Morgan Langan , Ava M. Leach , Ethan Levine , Kohl H. Lindaman , Erin Lipkus , Kristin Lipkus , Maxmillian C. Loiacono , Lauren A. Lombardo , Nicholas Lowe , Madeline J. Lucas , Avery Maciak , Abigail Marion , Mary C. Marion , Gianna Marturano , Faith A. McCarroll , Willow McDonald , Mattie McGuinness , Madeline A. Meckwood , Luciano Medico , Rahique Mirza , Jewel Mitchell , Victoria J. Morris , Emily Mott , Jaina D. Mucovic , Riley E. Muherin , Allison G. Murray , Kyle Nealon , Nicholai Nocella , Jeremy A. Nothiger , Etienne J. Nunemaker , John Nzasi , Mark Nzasi , Matthew Nzasi , Mary V. O'Brien , Richard J. Padula , Arnav J. Patel , Dilan Patel , Jordan A. Patrick , Tyler Petty , Grace M. Phillips , Noelle Prisco , Brian P. Pronitis , Gavin T. Pryle , Kayla Przekop , Liam Raino , Joseph J. Rama , Kyra Reese , Elyse F. Rehder , Kevin Reid , Camille Rillstone , Michael Rodyushkin , Colin T. Rooney , Frank Rosenski , Joshua Schneider , Lauren Schofield , Kylie Schultz , Eric Schuster , Leanna M. Sciabbarrasi , Kaitlyn C. Seechock , Sabriya Seid , Elle Seyer , Jainil A. Shah , Sarah Siddiqui , Elyse Simakaski , Roy S. Slavin , Brooke Sorensen , Abigayle Steenback , Jacob Stevens , Sadie I. Stevens , Jason C. Thiel , Trevor Thomas , Ryan I. Tinkelman , Sydney N. Vachino , Adam Vale , Emma R. Wagner , Lily Wagner , Charles D. Warholak , Erin Wasko , Samuel Weis , Lily V. Whetsell , Kaelee Whipple , Bailey L. White , Hanna R. White , Chris Wickenheiser , Joshua M. Wiesel , Sean Wilkerson , Justin B. Williams and Isabella T. Wisenburn .
Grade 10 : Erin Albright , Makenzie M. Allred , Nathaniel Armstrong , Nihal S. Arslan , Miriam Barren , Brett Beemer , Lauren Berry , Jillian Bird , Julia Brown , William Brown , Brady Brust , Tristan P. Burns , Raymond Chen , Dillon P. Clearwater , Emily Conway , Charlie Cornell , George J. Cottell , Julianna M. Crandle , Michael Crowley , Daniel E. Cummins , James Dana , Spencer R. Dana , Nicholas Davenport , Dominick DeSeta , Clare Della Valle , Brooke K. Dennison , Anna Domiano , Frances Donahoe , Lucy Earl , Amelia E. Fan , Harrison Fedor , Daniel Flickinger , Camilla Fontini , Alexa Ford , Madison Fox , Samantha Gaidula , Emma Gibson , Grace Gilmore , Kayleigh Glennon , Luke A. Glidewell , Alyssa Green , Abigail E. Greene , Yehoshua Griver , Peton A. Gualtieri , Mara Hamm , James Hankee , Kirsten Hardy , Rory M. Harris , Alexes Harvey , Sadie H. Henzes , Adele Hollander , Robert M. Horvath , Sidney E. Horvath , Joseph T. Houlihan , Rachel Hunter , Varun Iyengar , Corinne M. Jacoby , Sean Kane , Matthew Kelleher , Caroline Kelly , Thomas J. Kerrigan , Keane Kiat , Andrew B. Kirtley , Rachel E. Klein , Emily Klien , Brandon Klotz , Shaelyn L. Kobrynich , Lauren Koczwara , Catherine Anne Kupinski , Isabel Lam , Kylie Loughney , Brian P. Lynott , Michael Malone , Anna Marchetta , Olivia Marchetta , Zoe McGlynn , Anne McHale , Santino R. Medico , Shervin Mokhtari , Paige Moletsky , Grace M. Munley , Angela Natale , Louis Natale , Faatihah Nayeem , Allison Nealon , Ryan P. O'Malley , Jared J. Ocwieja , Elif Z. Onat , Disha Patel , Jenna Patel , Audrey E. Phillips , Julia Poulson-Houser , Michael Pusateri , Jakob R. Quanbeck , Christian Ragnacci , Andrew Rama , Bryce Reiner , Zachary A. Roditski , Holly Ross , Audrey E. Rubner , Nina S. Sampogne , Natalie Schoen , Abigail E. Schrader , Quinton I. Schultz , Gordon A. Segall , Jack Slusser , Carson J. Smith , Lucy E. Specht , Ian Stevens , Morghan Stiles , Benjamin Storey , Sean Sullivan , Clare M. Sykes , Alexandra Thornton , Makenna Thorpe , Corey Tokash , Gianna E. Toth , Sam Traweek , Stephan L. Tserovski , Maria H. Tully , William Tung , Zachary M. Walter , Hanwen Wang , Jacob Weinberg , Zachary Wheeland and Ty H. Wilmot .
Grade 11
Luke T. Abdalla , Justin R. Altieri , Caroline G. Ames , Emma K. Arbuckle , Rachel Asante , Samuel Babushko , Madison Badalamente , Joseph Barcia , Bryan Barlow , Natalie Bartels , Sarah N. Bath , Danielle Beamish , Brandon Beck , Ryelee A. Benedict , Alexa Boersma , Elizabeth Bonczek , Anna E. Bonsick , Tyler R. Bormann , Noah Braid , Suzanna Brock , Mikaila L. Brown , Morgan Bruno , Emily R. Cacioppo , Matthew Calvey , William S. Cardone , William P. Carlin , Edmund Champlin , Ashley Chrysler , Vincent Crandle , Robert Curran , Aiden P. Curry , Brynn Dana , Rebecca Darling , Arla G. Davis , Clayton Davis , Shawn DeFazio , Alison Fiorillo , Ryan Flynn , John Frantz , Richard Fried , George Frietto , Oliviah M. Gearhart , Jacob Gerardi Matthew Glancey , Abigail M. Greskovic , Stephen Haggerty , Megan A. Healey , Danielle F. Heine , Sophia E. Hlavac , Hannah M. Hughes , Mohammed M. Iftekhaar , Keena Jackson , Kathleen D. Jordan , Bridget C. Jubon , Linley Keisling , Connor Kelleher , Daniel T. Kelleher Andrew J. Keris , Olivia R. Kerrigan , Zachary J. Kierzkowski , Rachel N. Klien-Hart , Mikayla Kohanski , Nina E. Kozar , Conor R. Kryeski , Michaelene Kulig , Amber L. Kusma , Evanna Lello , Anthony M. Lionetti , Joseph W. Lisk , Nicolas A. Lombardi , Kira M. Loomis , Masen J. Lounsbery , Lauren Ludwikowski , Carlee N. MacPherson , Nicholas Madera , Camille Marquardt , Calista Marzolino , Shane C. McGinley , Jane Mecca , Jessica Mendo , Andrew Miller , Eryn J. Miller , Caleb Molitoris , Destiny Moon , Aidan Mullen , James Myers , Jacob Naholnik , Connor Napierala , Andrew J. Nealon , Jack Nealon , Christopher Newell , Gerron L. Niemann , Nicholas Notari , Molly O'Malley , Tyler J. Opeil , Modupe V. Osuntokun , Emily Parry , Leia M. Parry , Heet Patel , Mahir Patel , Kylie E. Patrick , Alexandra M. Perfilio , Cameron Pettinato , Jacob R. Petty , Emily Phillips , Liam P. Pitchford , Aidan Price , Elizabeth J. Pronitis , Joshua Przekop , Sara J. Regni , Ashley Reiner , Elizabeth Rembecki , Kailey Rothenberger , Sydney N. Rothka , Sloan Seid , Noah Shields , Ryan Siebecker , Kyra Sladicki , Krutik Solanki , Julia Spindler , Isabella Stanton , Lauren Strain , Olivia Stuenzi , Greg Sweeney , Madelyn R. Sykes , Tamane Takehara , Connor Thorpe , George P. Tinsley , Madison Tricarico , Collin Tully , Nathan D. Van Fleet , Taryn C. Wells and Katerina J. Williams .
Grade 12 : Lacey M. Ammenhauser , Cassidy A. Bartkowski , Micah J. Beahan , Kyra E. Beckish , Lauryn E. Beermann , Joseph C. Beyrent , Alexander J. Bi , Sandon T. Birch , Savannah M. Blaum , Maria R. Bordonaro , Alec W. Bradican , Abby F. Brown , Alayna L. Brown , Madelyn E. Brown , Arielle L. Burdett , Julia G. Burke , Kyle P. Burke , Ryan J. Burke , Michael T. Bushko , Lauren A. Carroll , Tricia R. Caucci , Kyle J. Chrysler , Emily E. Clauss , Cyler A. Cleary , Ross A. Cohen , Christian A. Coronel , Ariel K. Corrigan-Mills , Audrey E. Cottell , Cameron L. Craig , Sydney M. Crum , Katherine E. Dammer , Frank J. DeFazio , Aidan S. Demkowich , Mary S. Dempsey , Alexander E. Derry , Isabelle B. Dikeman , Cecilia A. Donahoe , Mariah A. Dougherty , Lauren M. Durante , Kazimir J. Fantanarosa , Ashlynn M. Fitzgerald , Evan W. Florey , Skyler L. Fox , Trevor J. Gabura , Kaitlyn R. Gilhooley , Cianna M. Giordano , Austin J. Glidewell , ShaLena L. Gonzalez , Kaleigh T. Greenish , Bristol S. Grenfell , Nathan P. Gronsky , Gregory W. Guditus , Zackary L. Guinup , Isaiah N. Hall-Grzybowski , Alexander M. Hamilton , Joseph A. Harrington , Garrett S. Harris , Amanda K. Hazlett , Cohen L. Hodge , Chelsi A. Hoffmeier , Owen R. Holland , Victoria B . Hood , Sharon J. Houlihan , Arjun Iyengar , Mats M. Jonsson , Mateen Kasim , Julia A. Kasperkowicz , James T. Kazmierski , Benjamin D. Knox , Alexis Koczwara , Paris R. Koehler , Hannah Kowalski , Alyssa M. Kresge , Schyler M. Krieger , Dawn N. Kroptavich , Cassandra L. Ksiazek , Theodore E. Lambert , Jack A. Leightcap , Hannah L. Linker , Alexa A. Longcor , Kiera Lucash , Tara E. Lydon , Carolyn T. Lyon , Isabel K. MacGregor , Samantha E. Machler , Emily M. Mahoney , Emma G. Marion , Christian J. Matsell , Kento Matsui , Meghan McGinley , Molly C. McHale , Alexis L. Mercado , Gabrielle J. Michno , Antonia V. Milas , Clara J. Miller , Mackenzie M. Milo , Haqique Mirza , Alexandria Moletsky , Abigail E. Molnar , Paige E. Morgan , Daniel C. Muller , Sarah E. Murray , Andrew M. Myers , Sarah C. Nealon , Liam Neary , Meghan M. Noone , Halle E. O'Neil , Chase M. Overholser , Pariseema S. Pancholy , Mia Q. Paris , Parth P. Patel , Samantha L. Petty , Seth D. Pollock , Matthew D. Post , Siena Rainey , John R. Rama , Clarie H. Reed , Kailynne P. Riker , Emily E. Royce , Carina D. Salerno , Perri Scott , Phoebe M. Sebring , Kelly B. Seechock , Jonathan P. Sileo , Lauren E. Simakaski , Mia R. Smith , Schuyler E. Smith , April M. Sokalsky , Naudia M. Solan , Jordan D. Spatt , Nichole A. Spencer , Kaila R. Steenback , Samuel C. Stevens , Summer M. Stevens , Dakota K. Stiles , Katelyn G. Stoppe , Talia R. Sullum , Marissa C. Sunick , Maria R. Sutton , Alana N. Swartz , Maria G. Terrinoni , Courtney M. Toroni , Adam P. Traweek , Daniel C. Turshon , Daniel J. Uhranowsky , Anna C. Van Wert , Anshul Verma , Brianna J. Wahlers , Kimberly A . Ward , Benjamin R. Weis , Hannah E. White , Samantha E. Wilkerson , Ariana E. Wisenburn , Elizabeth P. Wright , Khira L. Wudarski and Jonathan R. Yocum .
There are so many things that go into creating a great wedding , and the music is definitely part of that , which is why Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have `` taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their service , '' according to the palace . The official announcement regarding their ceremony music came today .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Wondering what music will be at Harry & Meghan 's # Royal Wedding ? New details released by Kensington Palace today , including their choice to have a gospel choir at St George 's Chapel . Full details below👇🏻 pic.twitter.com/COfDRjssBk — Omid Scobie ( @ scobie ) April 24 , 2018
The palace wrote the ceremony will include `` a number of well-known hymns and choral works . The music will be under the direction of James Vivian , Director of Music , St. George 's Chapel . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
You may have heard earlier reports of the Spice Girls or Ed Sheeran performing at the wedding , and that 's still possible , but they would play at the reception , not the ceremony . This announcement just pertains to ceremony music , so it 's obviously a little more ~traditional~ in nature .
Specific performers include the 35-member choir of St. George 's Chapel , where the ceremony will take place , an orchestra with BBC musicians , another choir , and the State Trumpeters , to name a few . Here 's a recording of a 1988 performance by the choir at St. George 's Chapel , if you want to check it out :
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sheku Kanneh-Mason , a 19-year-old cello prodigy who is best known for winning the 2016 BBC Young Musician of the Year award , will also perform . He got the call from Meghan herself to ask if he 'd be willing .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“ I 'm so excited and honored to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle 's wedding , '' he said in the statement . `` I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony , and of course I immediately said yes . What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event . I ca n't wait . ”
Follow Emma on Instagram .
The producers behind the up and coming musical Kiss Me Kate coming to Kilworth House Theatre have revealed who will be starring in the show .
The Cole Porter musical is performed at the open air venue from Wednesday May 31 to Sunday July 16 .
Matthew McKenna will play Fred Graham ) and Caroline Sheen portrays Lilli Vanessi . Bill Calhoun will be played by Justin Thomas and Monique Young is performing Lois Lane .
Other cast members include Cory English , Carl Sanderson , Gary Davis , Andrew Gordon-Watkins , Piers Bate , Davide Fienauri , Tarinn Callender , Craig Turner , Adam Philpott , Paul Hutton , Thomas Audibert , Emily Squibb , Holly Willock , Katia Sartini , Helen Turner , Molly May Gardiner , Tash Holway ; Jessica Pardoe and Laura Ellis .
Kiss Me Kate includes some of the writers most famous songs including Another Op'nin , Another Show , Brush Up Your Shakespeare , Always true To You In My Fashion , Too Darn Hot and So In Love .
Tickets for the show cost between £32 and £40 .
To book , or for more information call the box office on 01858 881939 or alternatively visit www.kilworthhousetheatre.co.uk
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Quadron Capital Corporation ( the `` Company '' or `` Quadron '' ) ( CSE : QCC ) ( CSE : QCC.CN ) welcomes the federal government 's introduction of a regulatory framework to legalize the adult use of cannabis .
When implemented , an adult in Canada will be allowed to legally engage in the activity of purchasing fresh or dried cannabis , cannabis oils , plants and seeds for cultivation from either a provincially or territorially regulated retailer , or where this option is not available , directly from a federally licensed producer .
CEO of Quadron , Rosy Mondin commented , `` We are pleased to see that the proposed legislation provides the creation of a viable inclusive industry through a licensing framework , one which is flexible to allow for a diversity of participants . These are exciting times , and the tabling of this draft legislation is a momentous step forward as Canada takes a global leadership role in cannabis law and policy . ''
Ms. Mondin , through her work as the Executive Director of the Cannabis Trade Alliance of Canada ( CTAC ) , has been actively advocating for the inclusion of small to medium producers and processors , nursery production , wholesaling & independent retailers in the legalized framework . Ms. Mondin , in her role with CTAC , was invited to participate in the roundtable discussion with the Federal Legalization Task Force , and is proud to have CTAC cited in the Federal Task Force report at pages 97 & 99 . This Task Force report , published in December 2016 , provided the basis for many of the provisions reflected in the proposed Cannabis Act .
According to a Mackie Research Capital Corporation report , which assumes full legalization ( medical and recreational ) , the growth of cannabis oil consumption in Canada is expected to grow from 284L * in 2015 to 562,613L by 2020 ( 198,000 % growth ) versus dried marijuana consumption of 6,388 Kg in 2015 to 110,034 Kg in 2020 ( 1,600 % growth ) .
Quadron , being a leader of innovation , fabrication and automation of cannabis extraction and processing equipment and technology , is well positioned to capture this growing mega trend of consumer preference shifting from dried cannabis to extracted cannabis products .
* Equivalent amount ( kg ) of dried marijuana ( Equivalent factor : 6.4ml/g )
About Quadron : Quadron , through its subsidiaries , provides a variety of products and services structured to address the complex needs and requirements of cannabis industry participants in Canada and the US . Quadron 's principal focus is on the design and production of automated cannabis extraction and processing equipment , which it leases and/or sells to industry participants . In addition , the Company distributes ancillary products , such as customized dispensing devices ( i.e . vaporizer pens ) and branded consumption type products ( i.e . capsules ) along with a variety of packaging options to authorized cannabis industry participants ( via Greenmantle ) . Quadron 's subsidiary Cybernetic specializes in providing equipment automation services , control solutions and process manufacturing expertise to a variety of industry sectors .
For more information , visit : www.quadroncapital.ca .
On behalf of the Board of Directors of QUADRON CAPITAL CORPORATION
Rosy Mondin , CEO
Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
Statements included in this announcement , including statements concerning our plans , intentions and expectations , which are not historical in nature are intended to be , and are hereby identified as `` forward-looking statements '' . Forward-looking statements may be identified by words including `` anticipates '' , `` believes '' , `` intends '' , `` estimates '' , `` expects '' and similar expressions . The Company cautions readers that forward-looking statements , including without limitation those relating to the Company 's future operations and business prospects , are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements .
A man was stabbed in the chest outside restaurants and bars in Moseley this afternoon .
Police cordoned off the public square known as 'The Triangle ' in Moseley Village , following an unconfirmed incident .
A 28-year-old man was taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital after the incident , the ambulance service has said .
`` We were flagged down by a member of the public to reports of a man being stabbed in Alcester Road , Moseley at around 4.20 this afternoon ( 30 May ) .
`` A 28-year-old man has been taken to hospital with stab wounds to his chest . His injuries are not believed to be life threatening .
( Image : Twitter / @ snappersk )
`` We are continuing to investigate the incident and working towards locating the offenders .
`` Anyone with any information is asked to call us on 101 quoting log number 1705 of 30 May , or to remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
`` Birmingham have eights knife bins available throughout the city where people can surrender knives securely 24/7 . ''
A spokesman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said : “ Police were called to a reported assault outside Boots on Alcester Road . A paramedic , ambulance and care team doctor was called to the scene .
`` A man believed to be in his 20s were taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital . ”
By Festus Ahon
ASABA — DELTA State Mineral Resources and Environmental Management Committee , MIREMCO , yesterday , urged miners to remediate all environmental challenges associated with their operations .
Speaking during a stakeholders meeting at the instance of MIREMCO , its ‘ state chairman , Mr John Edijala , called on all stakeholders to co-operate with the body in the task of nation building .
Restating the resolve of government to develop the solid mineral sector to international standard , Edijala told the stakeholders that MIREMCO had the mandate to midwife mining activities from inception to maturity .
According to him , the concept of memorandum of understanding between miners and host communities has been institutionalised , adding that “ conflict resolution mechanism has also been institutionalised . ”
Noting that mining was on the exclusive legislative list , he said MIREMCO had been authorised to work with all stakeholders to reduce areas of friction .
He added that MIREMCO also had the mandate to superintendent payment of compensation to host communities .
He commended the peace initiative of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa , adding that Delta State “ is investors delight and the state government has resolved to partner all potential investors to shore up the revenue base of the state . ”
He insisted that the government was determined to diversity the Nigerian economy , reduce dependence on oil and its attendant community crisis and build a viable and sustainable solid mineral sector that would be people and environment-friendly .
Experts find tumors in some cold-stunned turtles in Texas
9 Photos
After months of mild weather , temperatures dropped fast and hard on the weekend of Jan. 7 , cold-stunning hundreds of sea turtles in Texas waters . But as scientists treated the animals , they discovered another problem .
The Corpus Christi Caller-Times ( http : //bit.ly/2kmEt7E ) reports at least 94 cold-stunned sea turtles were found at the Upper Laguna Madre and Corpus Christi , according to Donna J. Shaver , chief division of Sea Turtle Science and Recovery at the Padre Island National Seashore .
Scientists found that half of the turtles were afflicted with fibropapillomatosis , or FP , a herpes virus specific to sea turtles . FP was not seen by researchers in Texas until 2009 when nine were studied at South Padre Island .
“ We are shocked at the increase in numbers and size and aggression of the tumors , especially on their eyes and shells , ” said Dr. Tim Tristan , a veterinarian and director of the Texas Sealife Center . “ There is something changing in the environment to make it more prevalent . ”
Only two months in , and 2017 is shaping up to be the busiest year on record for Coastal Bend sea turtle advocates and veterinarians who perform surgeries on FP-afflicted turtles . At $ 200 per turtle , these nonprofit and unfunded facilities rely on donations or their own pocketbooks to pay for tumor-removal surgeries and rehabilitation .
“ We have to keep them isolated , ” Tony Amos , director of the Animal Rehabilitation Keep . “ We are probably the only people , us and the Texas Sealife Center , who handle ( sea turtles with FP ) on the Gulf Coast . We do it willingly and knowingly . We 're not heroes . ”
The ARK rehabilitates marine turtles and coastal birds from the area of Mustang Island to St. Joseph Island , but they also receive animals from all along Texas shores . Two large concrete tanks are used for the 39 turtles awaiting FP removal surgery . These tanks have their own circulation system to prevent spreading the disease to unaffected turtles , Amos said .
It 's believed that FP is spread by marine leeches ( family Ozobranchidae ) which feed on sea turtles . The disease causes tumors on the soft tissue , head and eyes of the turtles , and are also prevalent on the underside of their shells .
Tristan , the sealife center director , said the disease is more prevalent in green sea turtles but can affect any species , including Kemp 's ridley , which are common at the national seashore . Theories about the cause range from climate change , pollutants and contaminants in the ocean and immuno-suppressed sea turtles .
Plans to perform surgery on the 45 sea turtles with FP began immediately after January 's cold-stun event , Tristan said .
“ Many of the turtles were underweight , so they had to be healthy enough to have surgery , ” he said . “ We can perform surgery on 1-3 turtles a day depending on how many masses each turtle has . ”
Last year , a $ 50,000 laser was donated by the Border Animal Hospital in Weslaco to the center to perform tumor removal surgeries , he said . The laser reduced rehabilitation time from months to weeks , Tristan said .
In the first surgery of the year , he removed a 14-pound tumor from one turtle that appeared to be about 10 years old .
“ We do n't know what has happened in the last five years to make the disease increase so much , ” Tristan said . “ They used to only come in during cold stun events ; now we see them all the time . It 's very common for them to have large and multiple tumors all over their body . ”
Though uncommon in Texas until recent years , FP has affected sea turtles in Florida , Hawaii and parts of South America for at least 20 years .
Researchers at the University of Florida have been studying FP and its possible causes for decades , said Catherine Eastman , sea turtle program coordinator for the Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience .
“ Some theories point toward pollution as something that is driving persistence of the tumors , ” Eastman said . “ We see large cauliflower tumors hanging off their eyelids , the seam of their shells , soft tissue and the top part of the shell . ”
A hospital opened about a year ago at the Whitney lab to perform surgeries , rehabilitate and then return them to the wild , she said . Currently , there are six turtles with FP at the lab .
“ While they 're with us , we have researchers studying the tumors to try to understand the genes that are driving tumor production , ” Eastman said . “ We 're not experimenting on the turtles , but the waste product of the surgeries : tumors . We are hoping to start looking into blood and other research aspects . ”
Like the sealife center , the lab based in St. Augustine , Florida , relies on donations and grant funding for operations . Being associated with the university can be helpful for research resources , but the program is funded mostly with private dollars , she said .
Whether the tumors return is the question . Both Tristan and Eastman said it 's hard to know if the tumors aggressively return after surgery because the turtle is returned to the ocean . There have been rare recurrences of tumor regrowth , Eastman said .
“ Once the animal is healed and there 's no tumor regrowth , we 'll release them , ” Eastman said . “ It takes time for those large tumors to grow as large . Any time we see some increase or a curious skin growth , our veterinarian removed it . It also means the animal 's tumors and tissues are especially interesting to the researcher . ”
With the number of FP-afflicted sea turtles rising , the Texas Sealife Center is in need of donations to help pay for the surgeries , food , antibiotics and housing for the animals .
Tristan said the latest cold-stun event will cost about $ 30,000 in total .
___
–By Julie Garcia , Associated Press
Information from : Corpus Christi Caller-Times , http : //www.caller.com
This is an AP Member Exchange shared by the Corpus Christi Caller-Times
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Readers of a certain vintage might recall the best-selling book Barbarians at the Gate : the Fall of RJR Nabisco , which told the story of one of the first big private-equity takeovers , that of US conglomerate RJR Nabisco by KKR , back in 1988 .
Thirty years on , private-equity funds and their role – for better or worse – in both economies and societies is as relevant as ever , in Ireland as much as anywhere else .
They 've always invested in Ireland but , since the 2008 crisis and the subsequent collapse in asset values and lack of other buyers , private-equity funds , and the so-called “ vulture fund ” cohort , have become much more significant players .
In essence , private-equity funds are bargain hunters . They look for cheap opportunities , snap them up and wait for them to turn around , so they can sell them on again at a tasty premium . All the while they will add debt , try to minimise taxes and cut costs . And as they 're not banks , when acquiring financial assets such as mortgages they 're not subject to the same regulatory oversight as financial institutions are .
But if considering how benign , nefarious or otherwise private equity/vulture funds are is an exercise perhaps for another day , it might be instructive to first assess just how pervasive they have become in Irish society
While the money they use to invest is private – it typically comes from institutional and wealthy investors – some such funds also have a public element in that they are quoted on public stock exchanges , as is the case with Blackstone and Kennedy Wilson . That means you can buy shares in them . But access to their funds is still largely restricted to those with very deep pockets .
It can be a well-known investment house making a transparent acquisition ; sometimes it 's some obscurely named fund , where ownership can be confusing , and practices such as this can give private equity a bad press .
But if considering how benign , nefarious or otherwise private equity/vulture funds are is an exercise perhaps for another day , it might be instructive to first assess just how pervasive they have become in Irish society .
Without us realising , perhaps , they now have an input into many parts of our day-to-day lives .
Entertainment
Looking for a spring break ? How about a show in the Bord Gáis Theatre – owned by Crownway Investments , the investment vehicle set up by the former owners of Jurys Doyle hotel group , John and Bernie Gallagher ? Dinner afterwards perhaps in the nearby Marker Hotel ( owned by Brehon Capital Partners , backed by Swiss money via the Spitzer family ) ? Or maybe a bit of fresh air in the Powerscourt Hotel in Co Wicklow , Mount Juliet in Kilkenny or Mount Wolseley in Co Carlow , all also owned by Brehon .
What about a round of golf at the Heritage , in Killenard , Co Laois , or dinner at Cork 's Metropole , both owned by the Goldman Sachs-backed Tifco hotel group – the second-largest hotelier in the State , which is currently on the market with a price tag of up to €600 million .
But maybe you 'd prefer to stay in Dublin ? The Portmarnock Hotel and Golf Resort was bought up by US fund Kennedy Wilson for €27 million back in 2014 , while the swish Shelbourne Hotel is also owned by the US fund , which took it out of receivership in 2014 , with about €110 million in debt attached .
And if , on your way home , your car breaks down . No problem , you just pick up your phone and ring AA Ireland – a Carlyle Cardinal Ireland investment – and a mechanic duly makes his merry way to you .
When you finally get moving , you cross the M50 toll , stopping off later at your local shop to pay the toll thanks to Payzone ( also owned by Carlyle Cardinal ) .
Housing activists protest the activities of vulture funds during former taoiseach Enda Kenny 's tenure .
Even students will find private equity playing a part in their life . Those still studying , or recently graduated , are likely working on tight budgets but perhaps dreaming of a life down under or on the other side of the Atlantic . Usit Travel is the go-to company for booking travel , but this is yet another private-equity investment , taken out of examinership by Irish boutique firm Lioncourt Investments back in 2012 .
Your health
But it 's not just a feature of those special days out or general entertainment . If you have a pain in your chest , you might head down to the emergency department at the Mater Private Hospital in Dublin and hand your money over to a company which is majority owned by European private-equity firm CapVest . It took a majority shareholding in the group in 2007 , in a deal that valued it at €300 million . Last October US private-equity firm HarbourVest Partners sought to buy out investors in the original fund .
Should your doctor give you a prescription , you might drop into a local branch of Sam McCauley , the third-largest retail pharmacy group in Ireland , with about 38 outlets across the State . And , as it scales up under Carlyle Cardinal by acquiring rival pharmacy multiples , you 're likely to happen upon it more frequently .
On your way home , you could stop to visit an elderly relative in Mount Hybla nursing home in Castleknock – one of four operated by Beechfield Care Group , in which Lioncourt acquired a significant stake back in 2014 . German investment group Immac acquired it for about €33 million late last year .
Looking to jump the public queue for a hip replacement ? You might find yourself in Waterford 's Whitfield Clinic – owned by the Goldman Sachs-funded Beltany Property Finance , which bought loans tied to the clinic back in 2014 .
Your leisure
Summer is coming ( apparently ) so it must be time for some shopping for those days in the sun , right ?
Some retailers have already moved on from private equity . Dublin city-centre retail powerhouse Arnotts , for example , was snapped up by US fund Apollo and Britain 's Bluegem Capital after its previous owners overextended themselves in a grand plan for a Northern Quarter only to collapse into the hands of the banks when the financial crash came . In 2015 , the Weston-owned Selfridges group made a move and took full control .
Elsewhere , you could be paying for your purchases with an Avant credit card , bought by Apollo , from MBNA , but since sold in 2014 to Spanish bank Evo Banco .
In Stillorgan , south Dublin , Kennedy Wilson is busy renovating what was the State 's first shopping centre . It also owns the Marshes Shopping Centre in Dundalk , while , in Tallaght , US private-equity giant Oaktree owns the Square .
Maybe you prefer the shopping behemoth that is Blanchardstown Shopping Centre , bought by US private-equity giant Blackstone for about €950 million in 2016 .
Solidarity protesters make their feelings plain on the PTSB loan sale plan . File photograph : Niall Carson/PA Wire
And if you 're looking for a coffee and buns as you rest your weary feet , you might stop off at BB 's Coffee & Muffins ( owned by Irish firm Causeway Capital ) .
Your weekly shop
Even in your weekly household shop , there 's little chance of avoiding these groups . Into your trolley goes some Carroll 's ham ( owned by Carlyle Cardinal ) ; Jacob 's Jaffa Cakes , Batchelors baked beans and Odlums porridge ( all owned by CapVest- and Lioncourt-backed Valeo Foods ) ; and some gluten-free bagels from Promise ( part-owned by Mayfair Equity Partners ) .
You tidy away your groceries and , disposing of some wrappers , discover that your bin is full . No problem , it 's collection day tomorrow , so you grab your Greenstar wheelie bin and drag it out to the front of your house . The bin used to be owned by US fund Cerberus , which took it out of receivership back in 2013 , and is now owned by Panda Waste .
But wait , someone is ringing you . With more than 2.4 million residential and business customers in Ireland , Eir still has a substantial hold on the market , despite no longer being in State – or public – ownership . These days , its owners include New York-based private-equity group Anchorage Capital and US hedge fund Davidson Kempner , as well as French telecoms tycoon Xavier Niel , but it is no stranger to the call of private equity . Since it was sold off by the State in that ( in ) famous flotation back in 1999 , it has been owned by a number of private-equity groups .
Your home
And last , but far from least , your home . It may be your sanctuary but , depending on where you borrowed your mortgage , you wo n't be able to avoid private equity .
It 's the area that 's most in the news at the moment : vulture funds swooping in , acquiring , at hefty discounts , portfolios of residential and buy-to-let mortgages that are in arrears . This leaves the original borrowers bereft of traditional protection from the regulatory authorities , as the mortgages are outside the scope of the Central Bank , a cause of some concern .
Even if you 're in the market for a new home , it too may have been funded by a private-equity player
Private equity 's entry into the Irish housing market intensified in the aftermath of the financial crisis . In 2014 for example , Irish Nationwide Building Society sold a portfolio of some 12,702 mortgages , worth €1.8 billion , to Lone Star , Oaktree , Mars Capital and Bank of Ireland . Mars Capital also paid about €250 million for subprime loans sold by Springboard , and Lone Star acquired a bundle of subprime loans when it acquired Start Mortgages from Investec .
`` Even if you 're renting , you could have a vulture fund for a landlord . '' File photograph : iStock
But it 's still a feature of the market as banks look to improve their balance sheets . Permanent TSB is currently looking to sell on 14,000 non-performing home mortgages , while Ulster Bank has similarly mooted the sale of as many as 7,000 non-performing home loans .
Funds make money by acquiring the loans at a significant discount , often of as much as 50 per cent of the face value of the outstanding debt . If the loans are repaid , the fund stands to profit on the difference : another option is to repossess the property and sell it for a value greater than what was paid for the loan .
But it 's not just about existing homes . Even if you 're in the market for a new home , it too may have been funded by a private-equity player . KKR , of Barbarians at the Gate fame , is part of the efforts of the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund to fund larger developers , for example , while Lone Star funds own 600 acres of land in Dublin with the potential for 7,000 homes .
Having found your home , you go looking for a mortgage – KKR , again , owns Pepper 's Irish mortgage-lending unit .
And even if you 're renting , you could have a vulture fund for a landlord , as these funds put non-performing landlords into receivership and take control of their rent rolls .
It is clear to many house hunters who line the pavements on Saturday mornings queuing with a host of others that the property bubble in Dublin is back – or at least well inflated .
Then a house like Woodview on St Johns Road in Enniscorthy comes to the market at a price that would n't buy you a lot 72 miles away in the capital . The 208sq m detached Victorian home in pristine condition is asking €330,000 through Sherry FitzGerald O'Leary Kinsella .
Dining room of Woodview
Inside , the house retains a host of period features such as marble fireplaces – there are three in total , sash windows , cornicing and ceiling roses .
The property has three reception rooms – the dual aspect drawing room has a fine bay window which floods the room with light – as do the French doors in the living room , which open out into the garden . Ceiling heights are an impressive 12 ft .
The wide hallway has new handmade carpets by V'Soske Joyce - now known as Dixon Carpets , who also create bespoke carpets for private jets and super-yachts .
The kitchen , in country style lies to the back of the house . Painted in pale creams , it houses an Aga and leads to a fine size utility , allowing the kitchen to be streamlined .
Rear garden of Woodview offers potential
Upstairs are four bedrooms , three fine doubles and a smaller room which is currently used as a study .
There is pedestrian access to the front of the property through wrought iron gates , and to the side vehicular access with off street parking for a number of cars . There are two outhouses in the garden which could have a multitude of uses . The rear garden could do with some planting and offers lots of potential for green fingered enthusiasts .
Spacious hallway with handmade carpets at Woodview
Woodside is an impressive period property , and the price is also attractive , in fact on a cost per sq m basis to build a 208sqm house you would n't have much change after site costs and you certainly would not have the period charm .
Engine companies will teach children how to be prepared in case of an emergency
[ Note : Due to the predicted inclement weather , Montecito Fire has canceled the fire prevention activities for Oct. 3-6 . The schools that were scheduled for Oct. 3-6 will be rescheduled to a later date . At this time , all other activities will continue as scheduled . ]
In honor of Fire Prevention Week , the Montecito Fire Protection District will teach fire safety to elementary school children within the Montecito community .
This Monday through Oct. 14 , the fire engine companies will visit several schools teaching 800 children how to be prepared in case of an emergency .
Topics will include how to react in the case of a fire with “ Stop Drop and Roll ” and “ Crawl Low in Smoke ” for preschool age through second grade . For third and fourth grades , the “ Fire Safety Trailer ” is used to simulate real fire situations within the home . The children learn how to spot fire hazards in the home , the five most important things to say when dialing 9-1-1 , and how to exit the home quickly and safely .
Parents are encouraged to discuss and practice their emergency plan as a family .
Fire Safety Education Schedule
Week One
» Oct. 3 — All Saints-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church preschool
» Oct. 4 — Montecito Union School , third and fourth grades
» Oct. 5 — Crane Country Day School and Laguna Blanca School , third and fourth grades
» Oct. 6 — Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Cold Spring School , third and fourth grades
» Oct. 7 — YMCA preschool
Week Two
» Oct. 10 — Montecito Union School , kindergarten through second grade
» Oct. 11 — El Montecito preschool , Mount Carmel kindergarten through second grade
» Oct. 12 — Laguna Blanca , kindergarten through second grade
» Oct. 13 — Crane School , kindergarten through second grade
» Oct. 14 — Cold Spring , kindergarten through second grade
— Jackie Jenkins represents the Montecito Fire Protection District .
by
Smile On Seniors presents Finding Meaning & Hope , a video and discussion series for family caregivers that begins Thursday , February 8 . The 10-week program meets on Thursdays , 1:30–3pm , at the Chabad-Lubavitch Center , 2110 East Lincoln Drive in North Phoenix .
The free , peer-led program offers real promise to reduce stress and build resilience for those who are caring for a loved one — whether across the living room or across the country .
Space is limited . To sign up , contact Chani at 602.492.7670 or by email chani @ sosaz.org .
The program is facilitated by and in partnership with Duet .
Advertisements
Budget talks continued Wednesday as the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors got a glimpse at the bottom lines for several of the county 's biggest departments , including the Sheriff 's Department and County Fire , as well as Alcohol , Drug and Mental Health Services .
The county is facing a $ 13.7 million shortfall for 2013-14 , and each department is going through the annual process to justify what it 's spending and why .
That discussion hit some nerves Wednesday , as the supervisors showed fatigue when faced with the call for more funding to fulfill the mission of law enforcement from Sheriff Bill Brown .
The department has a $ 110 million budget that supports 640 full-time positions , but cutbacks have placed “ considerable strain on our organization , ” Brown said earlier . As services have been pared down , he said , the goal has been to maintain frontline services and the jail .
Brown painted a picture similar to past talks he has given to the board : Deputies already strained for resources were hit especially hard after AB 109 state prison changes were fully implemented .
Supervisor Steve Lavagnino said he gets “ defensive ” when the reports are consistently that the board has not fully supported law enforcement .
“ If I was a member of the public , I would think , ‘ What ( is the Sheriff 's Department ) doing ” with the funding , ' ” Lavagnino said .
Brown responded that he appreciated the board 's support and said the department has had some successes in spite of the cuts .
In the face of an increase in panga boat smuggling , the department has seized 14,000 pounds of illicit drugs with an estimated street value in the millions of dollars .
The department was also able to consolidate its Air Support Unit with that of the Fire Department and upgrade video units in the department 's patrol cars .
The county is on track to build and open a new jail in 2018 , Brown said .
But challenges still face the department , he said . Despite the budget being status quo in terms of new positions , the department is looking at a $ 1 million deficit , a “ significant amount ” especially in light of cuts , Brown said .
The largest part of that deficit comes from increased costs from the aviation unit , which amount to $ 298,733 due to “ unanticipated , major repair costs , ” Brown said .
Fire Chief Mike Dyer also presented his department 's budget for next year , which is facing $ 710,000 in fleet reductions .
That would mean that the crew for one engine at Fire Station 11 in Goleta would have to be eliminated , which “ would leave three firefighters on duty , ” he said .
Station 11 is the only station in the county with two trucks because of the densely populated area , Dyer said .
Station 22 in Orcutt would also lose two positions , and Dyer said he would like to use the department 's $ 2.5 million fund balance to help pay for those reductions , and then check back in six months when more solid property tax numbers are available .
“ There are a lot of variables out there , ” he said .
The county 's Alcohol , Drug and Mental Health Services Department was also discussed , and one of the biggest changes would be the elimination of 11 full-time mental health positions from the Santa Maria Juvenile Justice Center and Los Prietos Boys Camp .
The move to shift those workers — no one would be laid off — and have those services conducted by Corizon , a private company that already handles medical care for inmates at the county jail , would save the county $ 500,000 , according to Dr. Takashi Wada , ADMHS director .
That contract is scheduled to go before the Board of Supervisors for more in-depth discussion next Tuesday .
Budget discussions are set to resume at 9 a.m. Friday .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
CLOSE SportsPulse : USA TODAY Sports ' Jarrett Bell breaks down the state of the playoff picture . USA TODAY Sports
In this Nov. 9 , 2014 , file photo , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , left , and Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones talk at the NFL football game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and the Cowboys at Wembley Stadium in London . ( Photo : Matt Dunham/ AP )
A few days before Roger Goodell signed a five-year contract extension last week , Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones put forth a secret-ballot resolution that would have prevented a contract from being finalized for six months , according to ESPN .
The network reported Sunday night that Jones ' resolution , which was submitted Dec. 1 , remains on the docket for Wednesday 's league meeting . While the resolution would not undo Goodell 's signed extension , which was negotiated by the NFL 's compensation committee , it will give Jones an opportunity to speak about his concerns at the meeting , according to ESPN .
More : Report : Jerry Jones threatened to 'come after ' Roger Goodell
Jones fought to stop the extension talks for several weeks , claiming that Goodell 's handling of disciplinary matters — including the suspension of Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott — and player protests during the national anthem should allow all owners to re-examine Goodell 's contract situation . Jones even threatened to sue fellow owners at one point , in an attempt to block extension talks . He later reneged on that threat .
The league 's 32 owners voted unanimously in May to allow the compensation committee , a small group led by Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank , to negotiate an extension with Goodell on their behalf . Goodell 's extension is worth up to $ 200 million if all of his incentives are met , according to multiple reports .
More : Jerry Jones accused of 'detrimental ' actions
According to The Dallas Morning News , Jones did not address the media after Sunday 's win over the New York Giants , the first time all season he has not made himself available to reporters after a game .
A Cowboys spokesperson did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment .
Two surfing brothers from Portrush who set up Northern Ireland 's first surfboard company have caught a wave of new investment from a popular crowdfunding platform and raised more than £405,000 ( €462,500 ) in just one week .
Ricky and Chris Martin , who own SkunkWorks Surf Company , launched their latest finance drive on Crowdcube hoping to raise £350,000 but after 200 investors jumped on board they easily met their initial target and are now aiming to hit £600,000 .
They first decided back in 2013 , after a lifetime of surfing and a growing frustration with the performance and life span of their boards , that they could do better and started working with both engineers and materials experts to create their own surfboards .
They raised an initial £50,000 to float their idea and have so far invested £500,000 on research and development to produce their Skunkworks boards using patent-pending , heat-bonding technology .
According to the Martin brothers this completely eliminates the use of adhesives in the production of their boards .
“ Glue hates everything about surfing , from sun to sand and salt water . The bonds on our boards are one of the strongest elements – not the weakest , ” they said .
Two years ago the brothers moved production of their surfboards from a garage to a 16,000sq ft factory on the north coast and currently now employ 12 people full time .
Last year they sold more than 600 boards to surf schools in Norway , France , Spain , Morocco , Portugal , the UK and Ireland and they now have ambitious plans for the future .
The Martin brothers would like to grow their production capacity to 4,060 surfboards this year but they need to get the finance in place to make that happen .
Ricky said : “ The response on day one of this campaign was immense . Over 100 investors helped us reach our initial £350,000 target . But the investment has kept coming . The interest in what we are doing globally is phenomenal . It 's clear people want to be on this journey with us . ”
The agency is also introducing Coastal Home Care , a new name for its in-home caregiving services division
Senior Planning Services , Santa Barbara 's first geriatric care managed home care agency , invites the community to stop by a “ Meet & Greet ” event celebrating the company 's new office in Montecito 's Upper Village .
Senior Planning Services is also introducing Coastal Home Care , a new name for the agency 's in-home caregiving services division . Caregiving services have been offered through Senior Planning Services since 1995 . Coastal Home Care has been developed to offer more affordable , specially screened and trained caregivers , with a new logo and satellite office .
The Meet & Greet will take place at the Montecito Village Shopping Center North in Upper Village from noon to 6 p.m. Tuesday , Oct. 11 .
Attendees will have the opportunity to meet and speak with Suzanne McNeely , Senior Planning Services president and founder , her elder care managers and consultants , and to reconnect with neighbors throughout the afternoon . Participants will receive a thank-you gift for stopping by and may also enter to win a dinner for two at Via Vai . A complimentary consultation with a Senior Planning Services elder care expert will be also be offered to all who come by .
“ With over 22 years serving families throughout Santa Barbara County , we are looking forward to meeting our new neighbors and being a great neighbor and resource in the Montecito community , ” McNeely said . “ Aging can be wonderful and graceful for families , and we want to make sure the entire community knows we are here to help them face the special challenges with useful expertise and support . ”
Coastal Home Care matches experienced caregivers with client needs and preferences from two to 24 hours a day . Services include transportation , medication reminders , personal care assistance , meal preparation and grocery shopping , homemaking and housekeeping , engagement and enrichment activities , with professional support and management offered 24/7 .
Senior Planning Services has been serving Santa Barbara County families since 1989 with offices in downtown Santa Barbara and now in Montecito . The new office is located at 1485 E. Valley Road , Santa Barbara , and is staffed from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday , Wednesday , Thursday and Friday . For more information , click here or call 805.969.3312 .
— Candice Tang is a publicist representing Senior Planning Services .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Derby takeaway left a container of rice that would have been refried for customers at room temperature for six hours .
A wok was also obstructing a wash basin and food debris was seen building up on work surfaces in the Chinese takeaway Sun Waa .
As a result , the business in Oaklands Avenue , Littleover , was awarded a score of just one for food hygiene by Derby City Council inspectors .
However , the business has since been revisited by council officers who say that it has improved hygiene practices significantly .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The food hygiene rating system goes from zero to five . A score of five is “ very good ” whilst a score of zero means that “ urgent improvement is necessary ” .
One star , as Sun Waa obtained , means “ major improvement is necessary ” .
What do TripAdvisor customers say ? Sun Waa is not rated poorly on TripAdvisor , as their average score is three and a half stars out of five according to user reviews . The business has been rated six times , three of which were five stars , one was four stars and two were one star . On Just Eat , Sun Waa has a user review score of five and a half stars out of six .
When food hygiene inspectors first visited the premises , they found a container of fried rice that was going to be used for refrying . It had been left out for six hours which could have allowed microbes to grow in it .
The inspector said : “ If you wish to keep cooked food out ready for service then you must ensure that only small amounts are kept out of refrigeration for up to a couple of hours at a time . ”
Access to the wash basin was obstructed by a wok , a cleaning brush and a whisk , according to the report , which prevented staff members from washing their hands properly .
The report also noted a build-up of food debris at the back of fridges , freezes and food preparation areas , which could pose a risk of microbial growth .
The inspector highlighted how the sink was being used to wash both raw meat and ready-to-eat foods , which poses a risk of cross-contamination .
Staff were n't seen to be using a two-stage cleaning process when cleaning work surfaces and were using bleach spray which is not recommended .
The council officer said : “ Bleach must not be used on food preparation surfaces as it poses a risk of tainting food . ”
Insect webbing was found on the storeroom light bulb and the probe thermometer , used to test food temperature , was not working at the time of the inspector 's visit .
The manager of Sun Waa said : “ The hygiene inspector visited us in November but , unfortunately , they gave us a one-star rating and since then we have worked exceptionally hard to improve the hygiene in our takeaway .
“ Recently , on the 24th of January , the hygiene inspector revisited us again to check the progress and was very pleased to see the improved standard of our work .
“ On top of that , they will return in early March to re-score our hygiene ratings to five stars . ”
This inspection originally took place in November 2017 , but the report has only recently been released to the Derby Telegraph after Freedom of Information request .
After the initial scoring , the business has 30 days to appeal that decision . The council must then process the report which can take weeks .
Only after this can Freedom of Information request be made , which takes up to 20 days to be provided .
NEW YORK ( AP ) `` Longtime `` Today '' show viewers are being treated to a familiar sight this week as Katie Couric returns to the co-anchor chair for the first time in more than a decade .
Couric rejoined Matt Lauer on Monday to begin a weeklong stint on the NBC morning program . She told Lauer , `` It just feels like I never left . '' She has made cameo appearances on the show in recent years , but Monday was her first time as a guest co-anchor .
Couric co-hosted `` Today '' with Lauer and his predecessor , Bryant Gumbel , from 1989 to 2006 . She left NBC to become anchor of the CBS Evening News and is now with Yahoo News .
Couric is filling in for Savannah Guthrie , who 's on maternity leave . Another former `` Today '' co-anchor , Meredith Vieira , will fill in next week .
James Magennis from Banbridge is competing for your vote on Tayto 's Facebook page to become the overall winner in the Tayto Design Competition 2018 , in association with Belfast Metropolitan College .
Talented designers , James and fellow students , Charles Leathem and Andrew Moore , have been shortlisted as finalists in the Competition , having created garments from Tayto crisp packaging .
The overall winner will have their winning piece unveiled on the catwalk of the upcoming Camerata Ireland Fashion Showcase , part of Clandeboye Festival , which takes place in August .
The innovative competition , part of Tayto 's ongoing commitment to encouraging young talent and supporting local education , was open to the BTEC L2 Art and Design – Fashion and Textiles students in Belfast Met and the top three winners will share a bursary from Tayto , worth £500 .
Elly Hunter , marketing director of Tayto , explained : “ We are overwhelmed by the creative flair on display from the students who entered our competition . Each of our finalists has produced an eye-catching , colourful garment that beautifully represents Tayto and I would go as far as to say that they have made our crisps even more appealing .
“ Tayto has always been the star on our Castle 's conveyor belts and I am really looking forward to seeing this year 's winning design on the catwalk at the Camerata Ireland Fashion Showcase , which is part of the Clandeboye Festival , on August 23 .
“ To see all of the finalists ' outfits , visit Tayto 's Facebook page and ‘ like ' your favourite in our Tayto Design Competition 2018 album . Each ‘ like ' equals a vote so make sure that you have your say in which should be chosen as the winning item . ”
Jane first met Charles at their children 's cricket club . But their affair left her devastated .
Strolling towards the Wimbledon tennis championships in my floaty designer dress , my hair freshly blow-dried , I felt 21 again - and my excitement had much to do with the fact I was hand in hand with a handsome , eligible divorcee eight years my junior .
The spectators ' area was brimming with loved-up couples enjoying the tennis and it seemed ludicrous that at 49 , and a mother of four , I , too , was able to boast a new and exciting love match .
As we flirted shamelessly with each other , no one would have guessed I 'd been married for 12 years and was in the throes of an affair with someone I 'd met by chance weeks earlier , according to Daily Mail .
Advertisement
In spite of my advancing years , the exhaustion from domestic drudgery and a distant worry I might not get back in time for the school pick-up , I felt more desirable than I had in ages .
I did n't plan to have an affair . The day Charles walked into my life , I had n't been expecting him , or anyone else for that matter .
I strongly disapprove of infidelity . I 'd made my feelings clear on the matter when married friends confided in me that they were about to embark on a fling .
It seemed an unforgivable deviation when children were involved - and I had four young children , the eldest only just 12 .
Those four children were also the reason personal grooming had fallen by the wayside . I no longer bothered with the waxing , highlights , manicures and pedicures I 'd booked religiously when I was dating the man who would become my husband .
What was the point ? He barely noticed me ; my marriage was in the doldrums . But I firmly believed I was n't free to seek satisfaction elsewhere . We 'd taken our vows for better and for worse , and I 'd had no intention of breaking mine - even if he had , several times .
Charles showed up one early July evening at the point when my marriage had hit rock-bottom .
Over the winter my husband had suffered financial difficulties and work pressures and had withdrawn further from me and the children . When he did talk to me it was to belittle or criticise .
But on that early summer evening , when Charles and I first looked at each other as we cheered on our children at the local cricket club , there was no mistaking his interest .
I 'd had another furious row with my husband - he was always too busy , logged on to his computer , leaving me to deal with the childcare and household management .
Yet here was a devoted single father flashing me a smile and walking in my direction . The connection was instant .
Maybe it was the summer heat , the prosecco and the thought of the long summer holidays stretching out before us that made the idea of an affair seem suddenly possible .
We chatted for an hour . I told him I worked part-time in film production , fitting it round school hours .
He told me how he 'd decided to make the move from London to our village , where he 'd enrolled two of his children in the same school as mine . About how he worked in law , and that now he was divorced , and shared custody of his children .
And then he told me how he loved waterskiing and asked if I would be interested in taking my kids along to join him and his children out on the lake one weekend .
I immediately said : 'Yes , I would , ' knowing he was flirting with me . Rather than pull away as I normally would from a stranger 's advances , I moved into him , almost losing my balance , so that he steadied me . When our hands touched , it was electrifying .
Over the next few days I fantasised about this man I did n't know . Then I 'd pull myself up for being ridiculous . But the next Sunday 's waterskiing was the most fun I 'd had in a long time .
We exchanged knowing glances as we helped our children on to the boat . And then , uninvited , he zipped up my wetsuit .
As we splashed in the water I was already imagining a long-term relationship with this man .
At the end of the day , I secured my youngest in her car seat , willing him to suggest another outing .
Immediately he texted me , `` Shall we get our youngest together for a playdate on Tuesday morning ? '' My legs were like jelly and I had to compose myself before setting off for home .
`` Yes , please , '' I texted back , before chastising myself for sounding needy , as though I had nothing better to do than hang out at the swings with a man I barely knew . The truth was I had n't .
Over the next two days , I found it difficult to eat . Then I started fretting about my hair . In middle age , my hair 's thinner than it used to be . I booked a blow-dry and manicure , hoping he had n't noticed my hands last time we met - my nails unpainted , the skin wrinkled with years of nappy changing .
Sitting in the salon , I planned my first deception , surprised I did n't feel even a pang of guilt . That night , I Googled him . He was a senior partner at a firm in London , as he 'd said .
He was honest , at least . The downside ? He was 41 , eight years younger than me . I decided not to tell him my age .
Tuesday arrived and we met in the playground , talking about our life 's achievements , forgotten ambitions and hopes for the future . We dodged the subject of my husband and his ex . Somehow , there was an unspoken pact that they did n't come up in conversation .
The very next day , using my friend Jo as an alibi , we arranged to meet alone for an early evening walk along a towpath . Charles was n't there when I arrived and for a second I considered turning around . But five minutes later he pulled up , full of apologies , wrapping me in his arms .
The relief I felt at that moment , that he did really feel something for me , made me burst into tears and when he leaned in and kissed me - the kind of kiss I could n't ever remember having - I did n't give a damn that we were by a road and anyone could have seen us .
But we both knew it was risky seeing each other too regularly . Instead , we wrote each other seductive emails from secret accounts .
No sooner had my children left for school than I 'd frantically open the emails he 'd written .
As we cheered our children on at matches , we could never let on there was anything more between us than the mutual bond of parenthood .
He had a reputation as a family lawyer to maintain . The last thing he wanted was to be perceived as was a `` marriage breaker '' , and so our relationship had to be kept a secret in order for us to survive .
And we were most definitely an 'us ' . I was elated when early on he 'd started emphasising the US in his conversations . `` I like the sound of 'us ' '' , he would write in his emails . `` I want there to be a lot more 'us ' . '' He had such a poetic way with words , while my husband only ever communicated in bullet points .
Through the heady weeks up to that day he whisked me to Wimbledon , I was permanently poised at the computer waiting for his lovely words to wash over me .
He 'd wake at 5 am , cram a morning 's work in , and we 'd snatch afternoons together , strolling through countryside , kissing against trees and chasing his dogs through woodland .
I would park my car at the village green , half a mile from his remote house , and we 'd prepare lunch together , eating it on his terrace , sipping rose and toasting our future - whatever that was .
The idyll would end at 3 pm when we would leave separately and head towards the school gates , and when term ended , to the sport club 's holiday camp , careful not to make eye contact in view of other parents . Soon , we turned up at the same evening events , slipping off together to steal a quick kiss .
It was guilt on both our parts that kept us from consummating our blossoming relationship for so long . For me , too , it was the shame of exposing to someone new my body that had endured four pregnancies , years of breastfeeding and abdominal surgery . How I wished the new , youthful me had a body to match .
In the days that led up to our Wimbledon date , we 'd started sexting into the early hours of the morning . I 'd always looked down on this as a sordid , teenage pastime , but as we became more and more uninhibited in our language , the intimacy between us moved up several notches .
So when , on that day at the tennis , Charles squeezed my hand and whispered . `` Stay with me tonight , '' I was hit by that pit-of-the-stomach yearning and impatient anticipation .
On the 90-minute journey home he seemed breathless and his left hand lingered on my leg . The desire between us had reached boiling point .
I called my husband and asked him to collect the children from their after-school clubs and organise supper and bedtime . I 'd been invited to a film premiere in London , I lied , and would spend the night with a friend .
Charles hastily arranged sleepovers for his children and no sooner had we pulled into his driveway , he practically carried me out of the car and in through the front door .
He was a wonderful , patient lover , understanding of my fears that no man had touched me since I 'd started dating my husband . His tenderness erased any guilt or feelings of self-consciousness about my dimpled skin and caesarean scar .
This was nothing like the kind of tawdry affair I 'd frowned upon . This was a true , loving relationship , I told myself .
I believed at that moment we could make a real go of things , that I would leave my failed marriage for this adoring man . We playfully talked about how we 'd merge our two families as one and all live in his pile .
But not long after , meeting up with my confidante Jo for coffee , she cautioned me that people were starting to gossip . We clearly had n't been as careful as we 'd thought .
Then the rumours became rife . We did our best to quash them by ignoring each other in public .
I went over to his house just a few more times when his children were at their mother 's , but I started to detect a distinct cooling-off on his part .
His emails were fewer and he just chatted about the four-week holiday he was planning with his children .
Then he started ignoring my calls , stopped responding to my emails . I learned from other parents he and his brood had left for their break in France .
Apparently , in the autumn , his children would be going to new schools .
I felt numb , then my grief gave way to unbearable devastation .
I 'd hide in the bedroom and sob uncontrollably , hoping my children would n't hear me .
I sat by my computer for weeks waiting to see his name flash up , but there was nothing .
It 's been nearly a year since I heard a word from him . I can only assume he 's moved away , far from me and the threat I posed to his reputation .
Ironically , he was always the one more worried about being found out - even though he was divorced and he 'd initiated the affair .
And now I can see 'an affair ' is all it was . I 've packed away the floaty dresses and silk underwear and rejoined my family , accustomed once again to my husband ignoring or putting me down .
Only now , whenever things at home become unbearable , I retreat back in my mind to the romance that unlocked the young , carefree spirit that I discovered still inhabits my ageing body .
* Names have been changed .
Four questions to ask before you start an affair
1 . Why are you having an affair ?
Nine times out of ten , attraction to someone else is about a need not being met in your marriage - the excitement of sex that 's different , having someone who listens to you . Rather than throwing out everything you have built , try to fix what you have .
2. Who else will this affect ?
Write down the names of everyone whose lives would be affected if you had an affair - not just your husband and children , but your potential lover 's children , your friendship groups , your family .
3 . How well do you really know him ?
How often have you warned your children about 'stranger danger ' ? During an affair you spend so little time with your lover that you can not know enough about his background . Many dangerous men prey on vulnerable women . After I divorced , I had a police check done on my new partner .
4 . Should you end your marriage first ?
A new relationship stands a better chance of success if you have ended the previous one first . If your marriage is n't working , end it and start again without the baggage of infidelity .
Turkey 's cabinet has extended a state of emergency in the country for another three months just one day after President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan wins a referendum extending his executive powers .
The state of emergency was initially imposed following a failed coup in the country on July 15 . Since then , it has already been extended twice .
Turkey launches probe into role of former US officials in coup attempt
The decision for the third extension was made late on Monday , following a meeting of the National Security Council ( MGK ) chaired by Erdoğan .
`` The recommendation was considered and the Council of Ministers signed to extend the state of emergency for another three months from Wednesday , '' Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus .
Kurtulmus stressed that the extension was aimed at empowering the government to “ fight against terrorist groups . '' `` In this struggle , whatever is necessary will be done , '' he added .
The state of emergency has allowed the government to launch a harsh crackdown on those believed to have played a role in the failed coup .
The massive action , which has seen more than 40,000 arrested and over 100,000 discharged from their jobs , has faced increasing international criticism , especially from Europe , where governments believe Ankara has acted beyond the rule of law .
The state of emergency was to end on April 19 and its extension comes one day after the country voted for constitutional changes which vastly boosted Erdoğan´s powers .
The reforms will change Turkey 's parliamentary system into a presidential one ; the office of the prime minister will be abolished ; the president will appoint the cabinet and an undefined number of vice-presidents , and will be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval .
The changes would also potentially keep Erdoğan in power until 2029 . He has already been there since 2003 .
DENISON , TX -- The cupboards are nearly bare at the Grayson County Shelter .
The facility that provides a temporary home for displaced families and individuals needs everything from food to volunteers .
The shelter said it has several families with children who could use a helping hand . There are usually about 25 people staying at the facility , not including nightly walk-ins .
They are hoping someone can donate necessities like toothpaste , canned meat , sunblock and bug spray .
`` But the hardest thing we have I see donation-wise is our food , '' said volunteer coordinator Krystal Vincent . `` During the summer , our food donations do drop . No , it 's not Thanksgiving ; it 's not Christmas . You know those food donations do drop during summertime . ''
Donations are accepted at the Grayson County Shelter , located at 331 West Morton Street in Denison . Call 903-465-6041 if you have any questions .
Iran has strongly condemned a terrorist car bomb attack in the north of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad , urging collective measures to firmly fight terrorism across the world .
The Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi said on Monday the region , particularly Iraq , has been witnessing increasing terrorist attacks over the recent days .
Such acts of terror are the reaction of Takfiri terrorists to their crushing defeats in the region in recent weeks , he said , adding that they are also the result of the lack of firm determination of those merely claiming to be fighting terrorism in the region and throughout the world .
The Iranian spokesperson expressed hope that political strategies in the new year would reinforce unity among countries in a bid to eliminate terrorism .
Qassemi also expressed condolences to the Iraqi government and nation as well as the bereaved families of the victims of the Monday terrorist attack .
At least 39 people were killed and 57 more injured after a terrorist car bomb attack rocked a busy square in Sadr City , a Shia-populated suburban district of Baghdad , on Monday .
Reports said that an explosive-laden truck was detonated in an outdoor market , hitting day laborers and a nearby police checkpoint .
Nine of the victims were passengers on board a minibus that was passing through the square at the time while three police officers were also among the victims .
Daesh terrorists claimed responsibility for the attack . They regularly conduct similar attacks targeting civilians in the conflict-ridden country .
Three bomb blasts killed 29 people across Baghdad on Saturday while an attack near the city of Najaf claimed the lives of seven policemen on Sunday . Daesh also claimed responsibility for both assaults .
Gruesome violence has plagued parts of Iraq ever since Daesh terrorists mounted an offensive and took control of portions of the Iraqi territory more than two years ago .
Iraqi army soldiers and allied fighters are leading operations to win back militant-held regions .
Data from monthly reports issued by the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq ( UNAMI ) shows that acts of terrorism killed a total of 12,038 Iraqis and injured 14,411 others in 2016 .
Ginsenosides are natural compounds extracted from Araliaceae plants like Panax ginseng . Since ginsenosides were found to exhibit anticancer property in the 1960s , scientists have been working on the study of rare ginsenosides .
With the in-depth research on ginsenosides , scientist found that rare ginsenosides , the metabolite of prototype ginsenosides , exhibit more potent anticancer activities in many aspects , including inhibiting angiogenesis in malignant lesions , alleviating toxicity induced by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and increasing drug sensitivity , reversing multiple drug resistance of malignant cells and delaying drug-resistant cycle . Scientists have determined at least 30 rare ginsenosides , including Rk2 , Rh3 , Rh2 , Rg3 , Rg5 , Rk1 , Rk3 , Rh1 , Rh4 , aPPT , aPPD .
Many studies have presented the anticancer efficacies of rare ginsenoside , and dozens of pharmaceutical companies devoted a great deal of energy and efforts to its practical application . Among them is Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd , a Canadian hi-tech company mainly engaged in the research , production and sales of natural herbal medicines . The company has been looking at extracting active anticancer ingredients from natural medicinal plants to assist the treatment and recovery of cancer for years .
“ Due to high costs of the raw materials and immaturity of the preparation methodologies , rare ginsenosides could n't be made in large quantities through industrialized preparation , for example , as little as 0.05 to 1 gram of rare ginsenosides could be extracted from 10000 grams of red ginseng . Besides , traditional dispersion technology of preparation could n't achieve optimal absorption of rare ginsenosides which are hardly water-soluble or lipid-soluble . These are the reasons why most companies failed to successfully develop rare ginsenosides products . After years of research , we eventually invented four core technologies , making it possible to extract rare ginsenosides in mass production , ” said Chinese-Canadian scientist Joshua Yu , who is the co-founder of Royal Enoch .
The company Royal Enoch established a GMP standard industrial mass production base in Vancouver and launched Redsenol Series rare ginsenosides products which gained high band recognition among consumers . Their first product Redsenol rare ginsenosides capsules was launched in Canada , America and China in 2015 . The product contains 16 rare ginsenosides , with synergistic effects working together including highly active rare ginsenoside Rg5 , Rk2 , Rk3 , Rh3 , Rh4 , aPPD and aPPT , which is superior to the rival products with only one or two rare ginsenosides .
In 2017 , Royal Enoch unveiled their second-generation product Redsenol DAG sublingual pills . The product contains 8 highly active rare ginsenosides with high concentrations of active ingredients like ginsenoside Rg5 , Rk2 , and aPPD . “ Based on the fact that some rare ginsenosides exhibit more active anticancer effects , we selected 8 highly active rare ginsenosides and developed our second-generation product Redsenol DAG sublingual pills . Redsenol capsule and Redsenol DAD sublingual pills have their own advantages , that is , Redsenol Capsule contains 16 rare ginsenosides and has boarder efficacies while Redsenol DAD sublingual pills is more targeted at certain cancers with the high concentration of highly active rare ginsenosides , ” said Joshua .
Joshua added : “ Our products Redsenol Series are well-received among consumers at Amazon.com and JD.com . With synergistic advantages of multiple highly active rare ginsenosides , they outperform the products with only one or two rare ginsenosides . ”
In the past , the rare ginsenoside products on the market contained only one or two rare ginsenosides . And the emergence of Redsenol Series marks a new era in the rare ginsenoside field .
Contact :
Company : Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd .
Address : 3800 Wesbrook Mall , Vancouver , BC , Canada , V6S 2L9
Tel : +16046389936
Email : global @ enophyto.com
Website : https : //enophyto.com/en/
An Auckland cafe is on the hunt for a woman who stole their tip jar on Monday during broad daylight .
Two women entered The Block Cafe in Blockhouse Bay around 11.30am yesterday when one distracted the staff members .
According to store owner Sam one of the woman went to place a food order near the food cabinet . However , her card declined and told staff she would soon return to pay for her order .
With staff members distracted by the first woman the second person then snatched the tip jar from the counter , putting it under her scarf and jacket before swiftly leaving the store .
Advertisement
The cafe then posted security footage of the incident on Facebook which has since been viewed by thousands of people .
`` Anyone knows this funny lady who stole our tip jar ? Here 's a tip ... look out for cameras '' they wrote on Facebook .
Store owner Sam told the Herald they were first made aware later in the day when they were cleaning the store .
`` One of the staff was looking for the tip jar when she was cleaning up and she said , 'Hey has anyone got the tip jar ? ' . We could n't find it so we went back over the camera footage and we found it within five minutes . ''
The woman is seen putting the tip jar into her jacket before walking out of the store . Photo / The Block Cafe The woman is seen putting the tip jar into her jacket before walking out of the store . Photo / The Block Cafe
Sam said the theft is disappointing for the staff members who work hard to give great service .
`` The staff work pretty hard for what they do and they get tipped . We often split up the tip money to the staff for events .
`` Whether there was a little bit or a lot in there it 's about the principle .
`` The lady who did it appear to have a bit of a history . ''
Many locals took to social media in support of the cafe to offer their support and praise for the cafe .
One local said : `` What a shocker ... you guys provide such a good service , always with a smile . I hope she is caught . ''
`` Disgusting behaviour ! `` , another wrote . `` Horrible to know people in your area do that ! ! Hope you get your tip jar back , and she gets found ! ''
Sam does n't hold out hope they 'll receive the money back , but said : `` It 'd be nice if she could bring the tip jar back and apologise to the staff .
Jason Aldean , Carrie Underwood , Florida Georgia Line , Dan + Shay , and the Backstreet Boys have joined the performance lineup for the 2018 CMT Awards . Hosted by Little Big Town , the ceremony will be held at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville June 6 .
CMT has revealed Dierks Bentley and Brothers Osborne , Darius Rucker and Aldean , Luke Bryan and Charles Kelley , will all showcase their recent collaborations during country music 's loudest night .
It was previously announced that Blake Shelton , Chris Stapleton , Sam Hunt , Kelsea Ballerini , and Kelly Clarkson will hit the stage as well .
The 2018 CMT Awards will air live from Music City on June 6 at 8 p.m . ET on CMT . Click here to VOTE .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Cation Exchange Resin Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Cation Exchange Resin market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are BASF , Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings , ION EXCHANGE , LANXESS , The Dow Chemical Company , Thermax Global , Thermax Global , Eichrom Technologies , Finex , Novasep , Purolite . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Cation Exchange Resin Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cation-exchange-resin-market/10343/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Cation Exchange Resin market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Cation Exchange Resin market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Cation Exchange Resin Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Cation Exchange Resin . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Cation Exchange Resin in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Strongly Acidic , Weak Acid .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Desalination , Food Industry , Beverage Industry , Mining , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Cation Exchange Resin Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cation-exchange-resin-market/10343/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Cation Exchange Resin new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Cation Exchange Resin market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Cation Exchange Resin industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
January 2nd , 2017
Severe weather is creating headaches for millions of Americans trying to get home after the long holiday weekend . NBC 's Janet Shamlian reports for TODAY from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and TODAY 's Al Roker explains where the storms may be headed next .
OVERTOWN , Fla. - Trayvon Martin lived with his mother in Miami Gardens . The 17-year-old student was visiting his father in Sanford when George Zimmerman shot him in 2012 . His death sparked the Black Lives Matter movement and prompted his grieving parents , Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin , to turn to activism .
Trayvon 's parents were at the historic Lyric Theater in Miami 's Overtown neighborhood Wednesday . They were there for a private screening of the first episode of `` Rest in Power : The Trayvon Martin Story , '' a 6-part documentary series .
More Trayvon Martin Headlines
`` It 's 2,285 days since the death of Trayvon and now we are here at this point , '' Tracy Martin said . `` It just shows the magnitude of what his death meant to us . ''
Shawn Corey Carter , better known as rapper JAY-Z , teamed up with Paramount Network for the series , which is based on the book Trayvon 's parents co-wrote , `` Rest in Power : The Enduring Life of Trayvon Martin . ''
Chachi Senior , Michael Gasparro , Jenner Furst , Julia Willoughby Nason and Nick Sandow were also involved in the series , which will be released later this summer and will be available next month at the American Black Film Festival on Miami Beach .
Watch the trailer
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
A Syrian restaurant owner , whose allegedly unlawful site excavations are claimed to have led to the closure of a roadway to the Dublin mountains is engaged in talks with his insurers about indemnifying him , a court has heard .
Ghandhi Mallak could potentially face imprisonment as well as a multi-million-euro fine .
Judge Jacqueline Linnane was told in the Circuit Civil Court that Mr Mallak 's insurers had not made clear they were going to indemnify him for the repair and reinstatement of a stretch of Edmondstown Road , Rathfarnham , which for safety reasons has been closed to all bar cyclists and pedestrians since November last .
Mr Mallak , who came to Ireland in 2001 and now runs the Damascus Gate Syrian and Lebanese restaurant in Upper Camden Street , Dublin , was stated by his barrister Proinsias Ó Maolchalain to be developing an agricultural area at the site of the excavations for the purpose of producing specific food produce for his restaurant .
South Dublin County Council closed the road in November last after excavations at the Rockbrook site , between the Edmondstown Road and the Owendoher River embankment , led to fears it might collapse .
Stephen Dodd , counsel for the local authority , told Judge Linnane that an Enforcement Notice had been served on Mr Mallak on November 15th , 2017 requiring emergency remedial work by him to reinstate the roadway but nothing had been done in over seven months .
South Dublin County Council could , on foot of non-compliance with the enforcement notice , bring a criminal prosecution which could result in imprisonment and a €12.7 million fine .
Mr Dodd said South Dublin County Council had decided to proceed by way of a planning injunction seeking court orders directing Mr Mallak to carry out the work immediately . The council , which had already spent €60,000 on works , believed the road may remain closed for the remainder of the year unless Mr Mallak was ordered to undertake remedial work .
Mr O Maolchalain asked the court for an adjournment to allow his client file sworn affidavits setting out his replies to statements already lodged in court by council engineers and officials .
Judge Linnane said the works carried out by Mr Mallak were unauthorised and had led to the destabilisation of the roadway . He had been fully appraised of the situation since November last year and was fully aware of the urgency of the required emergency remedial work . She said there was no dispute that Mr Mallak was in breach of the planning laws . A contractor could be appointed by him and she did not see the purpose of further delay .
Mr O Maolchalain said he had just received instructions in the matter only on Tuesday following the court granting the local authority short service of proceedings against his client . He felt it would be unfair if the court was to make mandatory orders before Mr Mallak had an opportunity to put his side of the story before the court .
After Mallak had given a sworn undertaking that he would remove a metal tank from the site and would swear an affidavit outlining his situation , Judge Linnane adjourned the proceedings until July 13th .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill , where he is talking to House Democrats about his time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump 's campaign .
Wylie 's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump 's campaign was involved . He is talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday .
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month , saying they do n't see any evidence of collusion or coordination .
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when he was part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections .
`` I think that he 's been trying to play through something that 's been very problematic in terms of mechanics , being able to swing properly , all those types of things , '' Twins manager Paul Molitor said . `` It 's taken away some of his aggressiveness as a base runner and a defender to some degree .
`` If we 're going to get going in the right direction , he 's going to be a part of it and we want to make sure we get him back on track . We think taking a little break , maybe getting that foot re-examined to make sure that there are no changes in how he has healed to this point . ''
Santana threw 59 pitches over 3 1/3 innings in a Tuesday start for Class A Fort Myers , allowing one run and two hits , in his second minor league rehab start with Class A Fort Myers at Clearwater .
Molitor said they are pulling Santana off his rehab because he is dealing with swelling .
`` We want to get him back to the surgeon and make sure that we 're doing the right things as far as how we 're bringing him along , '' Molitor said .
`` We 're going to get it examined again , get some more pictures and see , and put together some kind of plan again over the next 10 days and see where it takes us , but I do n't know exactly how it 's going to go . I think it 'll somewhat be determined by what we learn getting it re-examined . ''
Santana went 16-8 with a 3.28 ERA in 33 starts last season . The 35-year-old is in the final year of a four-year $ 55 million contract with the Twins .
Minnesota recalled right-hander Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester , where he was 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA . The 6-foot-10 rookie went 0-1 with a 6.46 ERA in four appearances last year with the Twins .
___
For more AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
More Pokémon are here for Pokémon Go !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pokémon Go fans are being told to look ahead to future updates to keep them hooked on the augmented reality mobile game .
And two eagerly-awaited features - the potential of players being able to swap and trade their creatures , or face each other in battle - are coming , reports Mirror Online .
These two options were promised way back in 2016 when Pokémon Go first exploded onto our smartphone screens .
And now Niantic Labs CEO John Hanke has promised the two features are on the way in an interview with Waypoint .
In fact , he says they would have been available sooner if the small company had n't had to respond to the international surge of popularity the game experienced .
`` It 's going to be done soon , '' he told the site .
`` It is what it is . I 'll take the massive wave of hysteria we enjoyed , and just deal with the fact that it 's caused us to take a bit longer to get the rest of the features up . We 're really happy to make our users happy . ''
Other parts of the interview show that the boss of Niantic wants to add depth to the game and continue to give players a feeling of community .
`` My heart is really with events , and that 's something I really want us to try to solve in 2017 , '' Hanke said .
`` It 's complicated , though , to do them at the scale that Pokémon Go demands .
`` But , to me , that would be the best demonstration of the vision of this company , which is all about playing games together , outside , with other people . ''
Since the app took off last year , thousands of users are already noticing the positive effect it is having on their fitness levels - and even their mental health .
One player , who admitted to being a `` bit overweight '' , took to social media to admit that they are currently walking further than ever before without even realising .
They wrote : `` I could lie and say I set an outrageous goal for myself and somehow managed to meet it ; but really I was just trying to catch some Pokémon .
`` I could also lie and say I feel great ; but no , all I feel now is pain .
`` Did n't feel too bad while walking , but after sitting down to write this post , man is it catching up with me fast . ''
Another added : `` Oh . No wonder I 'm so sore . My health app says between today and yesterday I 've walked a total of 35,000 steps . Thanks PokemonGo . ''
Here are some of the important headlines and stories you need to know around Maui , in this brief newscast with Maui Now 's Kiaora Bohlool .
Nine men have died in Maui waters between Jan. 14 – 27 , 2018 . The latest incident was on Saturday when a 71-year-old man from Berkeley , California was pulled from waters off Maluaka Beach in Mākena . Fire officials have confirmed the man died while at the hospital .
“ In the last few weeks Maui has experienced an unprecedented spike in ocean drowning incidents , ” said Maui County Fire Services Chief Edward Taomoto . Two ocean drownings occurred on Jan. 14 , “ which was the start in a string of fatal drownings we 've had since , ” Taomoto added . Fire officials said they were unable to previously send out information on the first two drownings .
Maui Brewing Company Kīhei will open its restaurant on Sunday , Feb. 4 .
The open-air , family-friendly restaurant will be located adjacent to the brewery 's tasting room at 605 Lipoa Parkway in Kīhei , and will feature indoor and outdoor dining . The menu at the new restaurant was designed by Maui Brewing Company Menu Director Angela Terry , and is inspired by both island and brewpub favorites . Critically acclaimed chef , Terry Lynch will serve as executive chef at Maui Brewing Company , where each dish features items from local , master craftsman as well as in-house , made from scratch elements that emphasize fresh , local ingredients .
The Hawaiʻi National Guard 's 93rd Civil Support Team along with the United States Coast Guard , paramedics , airport security , Maui police , and firefighters will participate in a large-scale emergency operations exercise beginning Monday , Feb. 5 , 2018 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The exercise will take place throughout Maui island including but not limited to West , South and Central Maui . Residents and visitors are asked not to be alarmed as some participants will be dressed in full tactical gear as well as hazmat suits . Most of the visible activity for the public will take place on February 7 and 8th .
The Maui Police Department along with members of its Specialized Services Division ( SWAT Team ) will also conduct an “ active shooter ” drill at the St. Anthony Church Center in Wailuku at 6 p.m. on Friday , Feb. 9 , 2018 .
Trial began this week for a woman accused of 2nd degree murder in the May 29 , 2016 death of her twin sister .
Alexandria Duval ( also known as Allison Dadow ) was involved in a deadly crash that claimed the life of her twin sister Anastasia Duval ( also known as Ann Dadow ) in the remote Puʻuiki area of East Maui .
In testimony on Tuesday , officers say the vehicle that the women were in , plunged 115 feet off a cliff from the Hāna Highway before coming to rest on the rocky shoreline below . Sgt . Lawrence Becraft , who was allowed to give opinion testimony in the area of accident reconstruction said data showed no braking and full acceleration as the vehicle left the road and went over the cliff . Also on Tuesday , a man who was the boyfriend of the twin who died in the crash , appeared before the court . Federico Bailey said the sisters physically fought “ often. ” Alexandria Duval has pleaded not guilty to the charges .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the shocking moment a child threw a snowball at a moving car on a busy Derbyshire road .
Tom Singleton from Derby said he could not believe his eyes while he was travelling on Derby Road , Heanor when he saw a child lob a snowball at his new £45,000 Volkswagen Tiguan car .
Mr Singleton , who had his partner and his one-year-old daughter in the car at the time , claims two youngsters were seen throwing snowballs at his and other cars along the road at about 2pm on Sunday .
Luckily the snowball did not do much damage to Mr Singleton 's car but he said it could have been a lot worse .
( Image : Tom Singleton )
The 24-year-old told the Derby Telegraph : `` The two boys were stood in the middle of the road holding snowballs and my first thought was are they going to move away ?
`` I then said to my other-half ' I bet he 's going to throw it at the car ' and that 's exactly what they happened .
`` We were quite lucky but I ca n't speak for other drivers .
`` Why should people be able to stand in the middle of the road and be allowed to throw snowballs at cars and then nothing get done about it ?
`` I just find it so frustrating . They just stood there laughing but it can cause a serious accident . ''
Mr Singleton has also sent the footage to police via Twitter in the hope the matter can be investigated . Though he has n't reported it as a crime .
He added : `` It would be good for it to be looked into . That snowball could have caused damage . Children should n't be doing it these days . ''
A spokeswoman for Derbyshire police confirmed the incident had been reported to police but because no damage was caused to the vehicle no crime had been committed .
However she said the incident had been logged in case the force received further reports about damage to vehicles .
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Future Market Insights ' newly published market report , “ Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market : Global Industry Analysis and Forecast , 2018-2028 ” examines the natural cinnamic aldehyde market and offers crucial market insights for the next 10 years . According to the report , the flavoring agent application segment of the natural cinnamic aldehyde market is expected to dominate the market , accounting for around 76.2 % share of the overall market value by 2028 end while registering a CAGR of 3.1 % during the forecast period ( 2018 – 2028 ) . The estimated value of the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market in 2018 is expected to be US $ 927.6 Mn and the market is projected to reach US $ 1,327.4 Mn by the end of 2028 .
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market : Dynamics
The global natural cinnamic aldehyde market is estimated to be driven by growing demand from the rapidly growing food & beverages and perfume industries . Also , progress pertaining to increase in demand for food additives among customers is expected to result in demand rise in the natural cinnamic aldehyde market . Major players involved in the natural cinnamic aldehyde market are channelizing efforts to inculcate advanced process developments and strengthen their production infrastructure to make the available products more pure . This will encourage sales volume growth of natural cinnamic aldehyde across regions . Moreover , emphasis on mergers and acquisitions in the perfume and food & beverages industries is also expected to gain momentum during the forecast period , thereby further pushing revenue growth of the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market .
People across the world are becoming more heath conscious and choosing healthy diets to maintain their healthy lifestyle . Cinnamic aldehyde has powerful medicinal properties — it has anti-inflammatory properties , it lowers the blood sugar levels and helps in treating neurodegenerative diseases . Various research publications and strategically sponsored advertisements by prominent market players and institutions have immensely influenced people to include cinnamic aldehyde in their diet .
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6979
The global fragrances market was worth US $ 48 Bn in 2016 . Many luxury brands have expanded into fragrances as entry points for customers . Fragrances are often more affordable than luxury goods , such as bags or shoes , allowing these brands to tap into middle- and lower-income consumer segments . Almost , in all perfume production facilities , cinnamic aldehyde is utilised for its sweet and natural scent .
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market : Forecast
On the basis of application , the flavouring agent segment is expected to witness the highest growth in terms of volume during the forecast period . As per the forecast , the flavouring agent segment is estimated to account for more than 3.9 % share in the overall market value by the end of the forecast period . This is largely due to the massive applications of natural cinnamic aldehyde in various food products .
On the basis of region , North America is anticipated to dominate the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market throughout the forecast period . The region 's market is expected to expand at a CAGR of around 3.8 % during the forecast period . SEA & Pacific region is anticipated to display relatively higher CAGR during forecast period in the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market . These two regions along with Western Europe are expected to register attractive growth rates in the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market during the forecast period .
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market : Competitive Landscape
Some of the players reported in this study on the global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde market are Robertet SA , WEN International Inc. , Fleurchem , Inc. , Sunaux International , Graham Chemical Corporation , Indukern F & F , Aurochemicals , Elan Chemical Company Inc. , ERNESTO VENTOS SA and Finoric LLC , among others . Industry players , over the recent past , have been channelizing efforts to embrace advanced technology to optimise their performance . Manufacturers have been focussing on strategic acquisitions to rapidly strengthen their business . These factors are expected to positively impact the global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde market in the near future .
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6979
Sydney , NSW ( May 31 , 2018 ) – At Australian Telemarketing Leads , they have the right understanding that selecting the right telemarketing services is not an easy task . So , they make this obstacle a lot easier for their clients by offering an all-inclusive discussion with them for discussing their needs not just for telemarketing services , but also for appointment setting and lead generation .
Also , this company specialises in generating Australian lists for their clients say that “ We will show you exactly how we set up an effective telemarketing system that strategically scours your target audience and get you more appointments and Australian Leads ” .
For more than a decade now , the company has customised a wide range of telemarketing campaigns to fit the specific needs of their customers . Be it face-to-face appointment setting , membership drives , insurance X-date acquisition , and many other tactics are followed by the company to make sure that their customers get the Australian consumer leads .
When this company handles the telemarketing campaigns of their clients , the latter will be in a position to get an entire team of marketers and even back-office solutions at an affordable cost that too without bringing any compromise on the quality of service . They will also provide Australian business database to ensure proper growth for their customers .
About Australian Telemarketing Leads :
This company specialises in providing both raw telemarketing lists and even premium business leads to their customers , which they have harvested right from the first year of their operation to-date .
For more information , please visit https : //australiantelemarketingleads.com
Media Contact :
Trevor Epps
02 8317 3559
trevor @ australiantelemarketingleads.com
377 Kent St .
Sydney , 2000
NSW
Australia
Website : https : //australiantelemarketingleads.com
# # #
PARIS — Despite all of Novak Djokovic 's success over the years — the 12 major championships , the career Grand Slam , the time ranked No . 1 — he still finds himself searching for self-confidence these days .
That 's what an elbow injury and forced absence from the ATP tour can do to a player .
Djokovic was reflective and revealing Wednesday after moving into the third round at the French Open by virtue of a self-described up-and-down performance in a 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 victory over 155th-ranked Jaume Antoni Munar Clar of Spain . Both of Djokovic 's matches so far have been against qualifiers ; neither win was particularly impressive .
`` At the moment , I 'm not playing at the level I wish to , but at the same time , I understand that it is the process that obviously takes time , '' said Djokovic , whose seeding of No . 20 is his lowest at a Slam in 12 years . `` And I 'm trying to not give up . ''
At least he got through in straight sets , saving energy for whatever might come next at Roland Garros . Other leading men were forced to work a lot harder in matches they would have been expected to breeze through : No . 2-seeded Alexander Zverev , No . 4 Grigor Dimitrov and No . 19 Kei Nishikori all faced two-sets-to-one deficits and all emerged to win Wednesday .
Zverev was down by a set and a break early — and down a racket he 'd obliterated by then , too — before collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6 , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-2 . Dimitrov was two points from defeat against 21-year-old American Jared Donaldson but won 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a marathon that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes and featured a couple of underhand serves by the cramping Donaldson . Nishikori got past Benoit Paire of France 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 .
A reporter asked Zverev about what he told himself while trailing in order to turn his match around .
The 21-year-old German scoffed at the premise .
`` I mean , you guys make it sound like we think about it , really . We do n't . We just try to play and win each point , each game . Being two sets to one down is like being a set ( behind ) in a three-set match . We 're not going to overthink it : 'Oh , I 'm two sets to one down . What am I going to do ? How am I going to play the next point ? ' '' he responded . `` We try to play our best . We try to maybe change a few tactics and see how we can win the next point and the next game . ''
The lengths , if not quality , of those matches were what amounted to on-court intrigue on Day 4 at the clay-court major , because there really was little in the way of stunning outcomes . The only top-16-seeded man or woman who lost was No . 12 Sam Querrey of the U.S. , and he 's only once been as far as the third round in 12 appearances at Roland Garros .
DENVER — The defense rested its case Friday in the trial of Robert Mark Smith vs. Kremmling , putting an end to five days of testimony .
The day began with the completion of Kremmling Police Chief Scott Spade 's testimony , and continued with another expert witness regarding Smith 's mental health .
Smith claims law enforcement officers , including two members of the Kremmling Police Department , entered his home in Kremmling illegally and used excessive force while arresting him in 2013 . The lawsuit names Chief Spade , Sgt . Todd Willson , Officer Robert Dillon and the town of Kremmling as defendants .
When asked , Spade said that he has received multiple complaints about Dillon 's conduct during his time at the department , and that he had to give counseling to Dillon on his behavior . He said that complaints were about rudeness , and that he never received any complaints about excessive force about Dillon .
Spade said he was aware that Smith protested his treatment by the town of Kremmling for some time , and that Smith sent several letters to Mayor Thomas Clark , among others . In the letters , Smith said town employees were trumping up charges and selectively enforcing laws against him .
Smith owns a mobile home park in Kremmling and has received multiple citations for ordinance violations . Smith claimed other parks were n't being punished for similar violations and asked for an investigation .
Recommended Stories For You
Spade said he took Smith on a ridealong as part of the investigation , and that he did n't see any violations in other parks .
The prosecution questioned officers repeatedly throughout the trial as to why nobody , aside from Dillon , approached Smith on the night in question . Dillon and Smith have a history of confrontation . Spade replied that he believed Dillon and Smith still had a workable relationship at the time .
Dr. Stephen Moe was the last to testify in the case . Moe is a psychiatrist that was hired to evaluate Smith by the defense in 2016 . Moe contradicted several points of Dr. Chad Emrick 's testimony , a psychologist who evaluated Smith on behalf of the prosecution .
Moe said that he believed Smith 's altercation with police in 2013 caused Smith increased anger , but that it did n't cause any new conditions or exacerbate Smith 's existing depression , anxiety or post-traumatic stress disorder .
Emrick testified earlier that the 2013 incident could have been a major trigger of Smith 's PTSD , which he developed at least in part due to his experience in the Vietnam War . He also said that Smith had PTSD as a result of the altercation with police .
Emrick spent about seven and a half hours with Smith over two sessions , while Moe spoke with Smith over one three-hour session .
Moe said he reviewed Smith 's medical and mental health records dating back to 2002 , and that during his session with Smith he was outraged . He said Smith wanted compensation or an apology from the police department . Moe said that Smith did n't seem depressed , and that he was talkative and looked to the future when they spoke .
Moe said that he believed Smith 's anger stemmed from his childhood , family issues and his military service . Moe also said that he believed Smith was angry because he was drafted into Vietnam , and that he should have been working to support his family . Prosecution pointed out that Smith voluntarily enlisted in the military .
Moe said that Smith 's behavior in the three years between the 2013 incident and when he saw him were a big part of his doubts . He said that in those three years Smith had 29 medical contacts , 15 or more medical problems , but never asked for assistance regarding psychiatric symptoms related to the incident with police . He also noted that neither Smith 's medication nor dosage changed after the incident .
Moe also testified that he felt Smith was likely exaggerating symptoms with Emrick . Emrick used a structured interview of reported symptoms , or SIRS Test , on Smith to determine if he could be malingering , or faking symptoms . Emrick said that he felt Smith 's symptoms were sincere .
Moe said the SIRS Test was n't applicable in this situation , because Smith faced symptoms before the incident , and that the test ca n't determine level of severity .
Emrick claims he contacted a colleague at the National PTSD Center who corroborated his report .
The trial will continue with closing arguments on Tuesday .
The recently published report titled Global Level Transmitters Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025 . It provides complete overview of Global Level Transmitters considering all the major industry trends , market dynamics and competitive scenario .
The Global Level Transmitters Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Level Transmitters . It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions , market segmentation , end-use applications and industry chain analysis . The study on Global Level Transmitters provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends , recent developments in the market and competitive landscape . Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market , their company profiles , product portfolio , capacity , production , and company financials . In addition , report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis . Research study on Global Level Transmitters also discusses the opportunity areas for investors .
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market .
Click Here To Get Request Sample : http : //globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/350732
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Level Transmitters
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Level Transmitters
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client 's needs
Based on extensive research , we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here : Jay @ globalqyresearch.com or Sales @ globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Level Transmitters Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Level Transmitters
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Level Transmitters
1.1.1 Definition of Level Transmitters
1.1.2 Specifications of Level Transmitters
1.2 Classification of Level Transmitters
1.2.1 Hydrostatic Level Transmitter
1.2.2 Radar Level Transmitter
1.2.3 Ultrasonic Level Transmitter
1.2.4 Float Level Transmitter
1.2.5 Other
1.3 Applications of Level Transmitters
1.3.1 Storage Tanks
1.3.2 Sumps
1.3.3 Silos
1.3.4 OEM
1.3.5 Other
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Level Transmitters
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Level Transmitters
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Level Transmitters
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Level Transmitters
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Level Transmitters
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Level Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Level Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R & D Status and Technology Source of Global Level Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Level Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Level Transmitters Overall Market Overview
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Level Transmitters Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Level Transmitters Capacity Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Level Transmitters Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Level Transmitters Sales Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Level Transmitters Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis ( Company Segment )
5 Level Transmitters Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Level Transmitters Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Level Transmitters Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Level Transmitters Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Segment Market Analysis ( by Type )
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Level Transmitters Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Level Transmitters Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Hydrostatic Level Transmitter of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Radar Level Transmitter of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.3 Ultrasonic Level Transmitter of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.4 Float Level Transmitter of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.5 Other of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Segment Market Analysis ( by Application )
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Level Transmitters Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Level Transmitters Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Level Transmitters Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Storage Tanks of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Sumps of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Silos of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.4 OEM of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.5 Other of Level Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Level Transmitters
8.1 ABB Measurement & Analytics ( Switzerland )
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 ABB Measurement & Analytics ( Switzerland ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 ABB Measurement & Analytics ( Switzerland ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 AMETEK Drexelbrook ( USA )
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 AMETEK Drexelbrook ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 AMETEK Drexelbrook ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Chemitec ( Italy )
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Chemitec ( Italy ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Chemitec ( Italy ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument ( China )
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument ( China ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument ( China ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 FineTek Co. , Ltd. ( China Taiwan )
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 FineTek Co. , Ltd. ( China Taiwan ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 FineTek Co. , Ltd. ( China Taiwan ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 Flowline ( USA )
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 Flowline ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 Flowline ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Gems Sensors & Controls ( USA )
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Gems Sensors & Controls ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Gems Sensors & Controls ( USA ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 H & b Sensors ( UK )
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 H & b Sensors ( UK ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 H & b Sensors ( UK ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 Hunan Firstrate Sensor Co. , Ltd. ( China )
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 Hunan Firstrate Sensor Co. , Ltd. ( China ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 Hunan Firstrate Sensor Co. , Ltd. ( China ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Indumart ( Canada )
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Indumart ( Canada ) 2016 Level Transmitters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Indumart ( Canada ) 2016 Level Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 Keller Group ( UK )
8.12 KROHNE Messtechnik ( Germany )
8.13 MAGNETROL International ( USA )
8.14 MeasureX Pty Ltd ( Australia )
8.15 Micro Sensor Co. , Ltd ( China )
8.16 MJK Automation ( Australia )
8.17 NIVELCO Process Control Co. ( Hungary )
8.18 Riels Instruments ( Italy )
8.19 Roxspur Measurement & Control ( UK )
8.20 Shanghai LEEG Instruments Co. , Ltd . ( China )
8.21 Shanghai Zhaohui Pressure Apparatus Co. , Ltd . ( China )
8.22 Siemens Process Instrumentation ( Germany )
8.23 Sitron ( Brasil )
8.24 Soway Tech Limited ( China )
8.25 STEP Logistica y Control , S.L ( Spain )
8.26 STS Sensor Technik Sirnach AG ( Switzerland )
8.27 Trimod'Besta ( Switzerland )
8.28 Valcom ( Italy )
8.29 WEKA ( Switzerland )
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Level Transmitters Market
9.1 Global Level Transmitters Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Market Size ( Volume and Value ) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Level Transmitters Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Level Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.3 Level Transmitters Market Trend ( Product Type )
9.4 Level Transmitters Market Trend ( Application )
10 Level Transmitters Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Level Transmitters Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Level Transmitters International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Level Transmitters by Region
10.4 Level Transmitters Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Level Transmitters
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Level Transmitters Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report : http : //globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/350732
About Us :
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs . Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe . Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare , Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) , Technology and Media , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Heavy Industry , etc . With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports , we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs .
Contact Us :
Unit1 , 26 Cleveland Road , South Woodford , London , E182AN , United Kingdom
Contact : +44 20 3239 2407
Tax Service Sees Increase in Identity Theft This Season
COLUMBIA - The deadline to file your taxes is over , but the Better Business Bureau is urging consumers to be cautious of identity theft .
Cynthia Pelt is a multi-unit supervisor at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service . She 's worked there for 13 years and said she has seen a noticeable increase in the number of identity thefts this tax season . She works at the location on Providence Road and said that store in particular has seen more than 20 cases in 2014 .
`` There 's just been a lot of identity theft we 've seen this year during tax season , including one that was a two-year-old little boy , '' Pelt said . `` His identity was stolen this year when the parents came in , so that was really scary to see identity theft not only be adults but even as young as a two-year-old little boy . ''
Pelt said the workers had to handle the situation just as they would for an adult . She said people are often unaware their identity has been stolen until they come into the office to file their taxes . The Internal Revenue Service will only notify a person by mail in the event that their identity is stolen .
`` A lot of times you do n't know that you 've had your information stolen until you go to file your tax return , and then at that point you get that letter from the IRS that does say somebody has already filed a tax return using your information or somebody has reported it to an employer that you never worked for , '' Better Business Bureau Regional Director Mike Harrison said . `` At that point you can work with the IRS , but it 's a long , drawn-out process to get that fixed . ''
Pelt said the IRS notifies tax services like Jackson Hewitt of a customer 's stolen identity within 12 to 24 hours after assisting them .
Harrison said filing for taxes online is a common way a person 's identity is stolen . Scam artists often send emails , texts or phone calls advertising phony tax services . If a consumer enters their social security number online through an unauthorized service , Harrison said they may be compromising their identity .
He attributes the increase in identity theft to more internet use .
`` It 's just so easy for people to get their information stolen when you 're online , '' Harrison said . `` You just need to use caution , you need to make sure that you have the most up-to-date spyware , malware protection on your computer . Make sure that you are very careful with the websites that you visit . Any of those unsolicited emails that you get , just go ahead and delete them . ''
Harrison also urges consumers to secure any paper documents and shred old files . He said doing research on your tax service is also a smart step in protecting yourself .
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN CITY—THERE is anxiety and tension in Iguomo community , Uhunmwonde Local Government Area of Edo State following the mysterious death of community members which they traced to the curse placed on some persons by the forebears of Oba Ewuare 11 , the Oba of Benin .
The inhabitants of the community besieged the palace of the Oba of Benin yesterday in tears , appealing for the revocation of the alleged curse placed on the community by the palace . It would be recalled that the Esogban of Benin kingdom , Chief David Edebiri , had warned that people should avoid the curse of the Oba because according to him , ¨those who had incurred the wrath of the Oba always come later to beg for revocation but it is always difficult¨ .
However , the community members attributed the curse placed on the community to what they described as the sacrilegious acts of disobedience and perversion of native norms by the former officials of the outlawed Community Development Association ( CDA ) in the village who flouted the orders of Omo N'Oba .
They cried that since after the curse , mysterious deaths , strange diseases as well as untold afflictions have been ravaging the community .
The secretary of the Iguomon community , Mr Joseph Ighodaro who spoke on behalf of the community , said they were at the palace to appeal to the monarch as the supreme traditional authority in the state to revoke all the curses placed on Iguomon village by his ancestors , stressing that the people of the village were ready to carry out all the necessary rites needed for the revocation of the curse .
They also pleaded with Omo N'Oba to consider the approval of Mr Roland Okhuarobo as the rightful Odionwere of Iguomon village .
“ The Oba should come to our rescue because our own disrespect and disloyalty led us into this problem . We have promised to refrain from every immoral behaviour and we thank God that government has banned the CDAs who created this problem . Our people are dying of different diseases so we came to beg because we can no longer continue to suffer ” he stated .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
WESTON ( CBSMiami ) – The town of Weston wowed the crowd another year with its annual Independence Day parade replete with music , costumes , hot rides , and cuteness overload .
“ It 's really good and today is a special day because America won the war , now America and England are at peace , ” said one parade watcher .
The 4th of July celebration hosted different organizations , from the Girl Scouts and baseball teams to musicians and young superstars
“ We 're baton twirlers and we both won state titles . ”
For Kathleen Castilo and Harlie Torres , the parade is a chance to recruit .
“ You get to meet a lot of children that you get to watch , we get to watch them grow up in our organization just like we did , ” they said .
Julian Roque and his kids had a great time .
“ It 's a wonderful thing to be out here living our Independence Day , what more can you ask for than the greatest country in the world , ” he said .
Roque said it 's also a chance his kids about America and what he feels makes it great
“ I want them to understand the values that make America great , that 's what I tried to instill in them of the individuals that go out there and work go out there and help people , ” he said .
This year the parade had some new faces and a new grand marshal , CBS4 Chief Meteorologist Craig Setzer , who got a kick out of waving to the enthusiastic crowd .
It was a proud moment for Weston and a proud moment to be an American .
/ Front page / News
CURRENT time settings on the crossing lights in the Suva City area do not give enough time for pedestrians to cross the roads , says the Fiji Roads Authority .
Traffic lights and crossing lights come under the jurisdiction of the Fiji Roads Authority ( FRA ) and it had been highlighted that pedestrians only reached as far as the middle of the road before the lights turned red again .
Fiji Roads Authority chief executive officer John Hutchinson said there was a 30 seconds time frame given to pedestrians to cross roads , whereas in city areas where there was more traffic , time varied between 12 to 24 seconds .
`` These sites are on fixed timing and once we start upgrading the traffic signal , site detectors will become functional and based on our traffic survey , the set timings would be changed as necessary to improve the efficiency of the controlled signal sites , '' Mr Hutchinson said .
`` There 's nothing wrong with the traffic signals , the problem can be attributed to the volume of traffic through the area . At present , FRA is conducting a traffic flow survey in the area . The results will determine what improvements will be made to the timing of the lights . ''
Mr Hutchinson commented on the maintenance and the repair work of the traffic and crossing lights and said the lights were in proper condition and that the FRA made regular checks .
`` These checks will be carried out twice a week moving forward , '' he added .
`` We check the timing and that the lights are switched on and working .
He added that FRA always monitored the timing and attended to unplanned breakdowns and maintenance work .
`` The 2016-17 budgets for the upkeep of traffic signals are $ 463,000 and FRA has 45 traffic signals in its asset portfolio .
`` In addition , $ 4.6 million has been allocated by the Asian Development Bank for the Traffic Signal and SCATS improvement .
`` This work is yet to be carried out , '' Mr Hutchinson said .
A man in his twenties who was being questioned in connection with the murder a of pensioner who was found dead at his home in Douglas in Cork city on Monday was released without charge .
Joe O'Callaghan ( 66 ) was discovered in the hallway of his bungalow in Galway 's Lane by his wife Angeline shortly after 8am on Monday as she returned from working a night shift . She raised the alarm when she walked in on her husband who had been subjected to a violent death .
It is understood the door was forced in but nothing was taken and parts of the house were stained with blood .
A post mortem examination was carried out at Cork University Hospital on Tuesday by Assistant State Pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster . The results have not been released for operational reasons .
However , the investigation has been upgraded to murder and it is understood the father-of-three had sustained head injuries and died following being attacked .
A 22-year-old man , who voluntarily presented himself to gardaí , has been released without charge following his detention at Togher Garda Station in the city . A file will be prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions .
A forensic examination of the bungalow where the murder occurred has now been concluded . Door-to-door enquiries have been carried out and gardaí are checking CCTV footage in the area . Mr O'Callaghan lived in a cul-de-sac in the heart of Douglas village .
One neighbour , who declined to be named , reported hearing a roar from the house in the early hours of Monday morning and the sound of a door slamming .
He said he did n't raise the alarm as hearing noise from the property was not an unusual event . He only realised the extent of what had occurred when he got up the following morning , saw gardaí outside the house and was told the 66-year-old was dead .
A second neighbour , John O'Sullivan , said it was the last thing he expected to happen in the lane . “ Something terrible like this does n't happen here . You feel safe . ”
Mr O'Callaghan had worked a variety of jobs during the course of his life which he spent primarily in Douglas . He hailed from a family of eight and had three adult children from a previous marriage .
His sister Sheila Thornhill was visibly shocked as she visited the scene on Monday . She said Mr O'Callaghan had experienced ill health in recent years but was in “ good form. ” She said he “ was always happy in himself ” even amidst the compromises in his health .
The widow of the deceased , who is from Zimbabwe , is being cared for by relatives . Mr O'Callaghan was previously married and had lived at the property in Galway 's Lane for five years . He also resided in nearby Belgard Downs in Douglas for a period .
Gardaí are appealing to anyone who was in the Galway 's Lane area of Douglas between 10pm on Sunday and 8:30am on Monday to contact Togher Garda Station on 021-4947120 , The Garda Confidential Line on 1800-666-111 or any Garda Station .
1 large , well-marbled ribeye or New York strip
butter
favorite Dijon mustard for brushing
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Season the steak with salt and pepper .
Heat a sauté pan over medium-high heat , add the oil and butter , when the butter begins to foam , add the steak . Sear on all sides until golden brown ; brush one side with butter and sear until the mustard becomes crispy and golden , repeat on the other side . I like my steak just medium rare , if you like it more done , place in a 375˚F oven for 5-7 minutes .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Gmail Users : Stop Ignoring Two-Factor Authentication
Fewer than one in 10 active Gmail users have enabled two-factor authentication , a free security measure meant to protect accounts against unauthorized access , a Google software engineer revealed Wednesday .
The feature works by safeguarding accounts with two separate sets of credentials : the user 's password , and an auxiliary code that 's sent to their cellphone immediately following an attempted log-in .
When enabled correctly , an account protected by two-factor authentication ca n't be compromised unless an attacker has both their victim 's password and secondary device , effectively adding an extra layer of security between users and hackers .
Despite its benefits , Google software engineer said during a presentation at the Usenix 's Enigma 2018 security conference Wednesday that less than 10 percent of active Google accounts use two-step authentication .
`` The question is , why would n't we make two-factor authentication mandatory ? '' Google 's Grzegorz Milka asked during his presentation , Gizmodo reported . `` The answer is usability . In the end , we want people to use their accounts . How many people would we drive out of using Google accounts if we force them to use additional security ? ''
`` It 's perceived as an unnecessary hassle to setup additional security for one 's account , '' Mr. Milka said , PCMag reported , adding : `` The truth is such obvious security mechanisms just do n't get adopted on a wide enough scale . ''
While Mr. Milka said less than 10 percent of Gmail accounts have enabled two-factor authentication , a recent study conducted by Duo , an Ann Arbor-based security firm , concluded that about 28 percent of Americans use the feature overall .
More than half of respondents -- 56 percent -- said they had n't heard of two-factor authentication before the survey , Duo said in its November report .
Google boasted over 1 billion active Gmail users as of February 2016 , making it one of the world 's most popular free webmail providers .
A personal Gmail account belonging to John Podesta , the manager of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton 's 2016 presidential campaign , was infamously breached in March 2016 and its contents published by WikiLeaks . Mr. Podesta 's account was compromised as the result of a phishing attack linked to Russian state-sponsored hackers , according to security researchers , the likes of which may have been thwarted had he enabled two-factor authentication .
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Google/Gmail , Artist 's concept .
FILE - In this Wednesday , July 29 , file 2015 photo , the Puerto Rican flag flies in front of Puerto Rico 's Capitol as in San Juan , Puerto Rico . Puerto Rico Gov . Alejandro Javier Garcia Padilla said on Sunday , May 1 , 2016 , that negotiators for the U.S. territory 's government have failed to reach a last-minute deal to avoid a third default and that he has issued an executive order to withhold payment . ( AP Photo/Ricardo Arduengo , File ) .
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Puerto Rico 's new governor was sworn on Monday as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis .
Gov . Ricardo Rossello , 37 , proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis shortly after he was sworn in at midnight . Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence . Many have argued that Puerto Rico 's political status has contributed to its decade-long crisis that has prompted more than 200,000 people to flee to the U.S. mainland in recent years .
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $ 40 billion deficit and is expected to collapse in less than a year . Rossello also has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created last year to oversee Puerto Rico 's finances , and he has said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $ 70 billion public debt .
Thousands of supporters awaited Rossello 's arrival for the post-swearing-in inauguration ceremony at the island 's seaside Capitol building , clutching umbrellas to protect themselves from a searing sun .
“ This is a historic moment for Puerto Rico , ” said 50-year-old Jose Davila as he waved a large flag from Rossello 's pro-statehood party . “ He 's the hope of our island , he 's the hope for statehood , he 's the hope for a people that have suffered . ”
Puerto Ricans have been hit with dozens of new taxes in the past four years and increases in utility bills as former Gov . Alejandro Garcia Padilla aimed to generate more revenue for a government he said was running out of money . Despite those and other measures , the island 's government has defaulted on millions of dollars ' worth of bond payments and declared a state of emergency at several agencies .
The federal control board has requested a revised fiscal plan that has to be approved by end of January , saying that the one Garcia submitted last year was in part unrealistic and relied too heavily on federal funds . Garcia had refused to submit a revised plan to include austerity measures . Rossello has said he would request an extension of that deadline as well as an extension of a moratorium that expires in February and currently protects Puerto Rico from lawsuits filed by angered creditors .
The new governor also seeks to privatize services such as the generation of energy , establish an office to oversee and distribute federal funds to cut down on corruption , and to create financial incentives for doctors to boost the number of dwindling specialists .
As supporters kept streaming toward the Capitol building , one yelled out , “ Today , a new Puerto Rico begins ! ” to the cheers of others , including those holding U.S. flags .
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
A post shared by Pulse NG ( @ pulsenigeria247 ) on Jun 2 , 2018 at 5:01am PDT
A post shared by Ono Bello ( @ onobello ) on May 29 , 2018 at 6:35am PDT
A post shared by Pulse NG ( @ pulsenigeria247 ) on May 21 , 2018 at 2:00am PDT
A post shared by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Jul 1 , 2018 at 12:33pm PDT
A post shared by Ono Bello ( @ onobello ) on May 20 , 2018 at 11:53pm PDT
A post shared by Twintea Time ( @ twinteatime ) on Jul 1 , 2018 at 3:18am PDT
A post shared by Newsroom247 ( @ newsroom247ng ) on May 29 , 2018 at 8:19am PDT
Continue reading # CouplesWeLove : Yvonne Orji & Emmanuel Acho Got That “ I Waited For You ” Love
The Terre Haute North boys basketball team beat West Vigo 60-52 . The win was the Patriots 21st over the Vikings . Braelyne Compton led the Patriots in the win with 13 points .
Advertisement
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers . Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo 's app , now that Verizon owns Yahoo .
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling will have more problems . An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the Sling app on a phone — and starting next season , on tablets , too . Verizon apps will have the exclusive rights on phones and tablets .
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and is trying to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google . Verizon 's multi-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January . Playoffs will stream on Yahoo , Verizon 's app go90 and the NFL 's own app .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Merrygold is the latest celebrity to join this year 's Strictly Come Dancing - and the 200th contestant in the show 's history .
The former JLS star told Scott Mills on his BBC Radio 1 programme that he is in it to win it , and that he will try to avoid doing backflips - a move he is known for - while on the dancefloor , because it could see him marked down .
He also said his previous dance experience as a boyband member will not be much help to him .
`` It 's ballroom , and that is nothing to do with anything that I do , '' Merrygold said .
He added , at the risk of disappointing his fans : `` I 'm trying not to get twos , so no flips . ''
( Image : Joe Giddens/PA Wire )
In an official statement , the singer said : `` I 'm so happy to be joining Strictly . It is such a brilliant show and I 've followed it for years .
`` I 'm both nervous and excited to learn from the professionals about a whole new way of dancing ! ''
Merrygold , who shot to fame with JLS on The X Factor in 2008 , is the 200th person to take part in Strictly since the series began in 2004 .
The 200 contestants have included 62 actors , 48 TV/radio presenters and 34 sport stars , according to analysis .
Merrygold is one of 27 singers and musicians to take part in the show .
There have also been seven models , six chefs and three politicians - including the surprise hit of last year 's series , Ed Balls .
The PA 's figures include only those celebrities who have appeared as a contestant in the proper series , and does n't count people who took part in one-off specials for Children in Need or at Christmas .
Just over a third of contestants ( 35 % ) have been in their 30s - the biggest proportion for any age group . Nearly a quarter ( 22 % ) have been in their 40s , while 19 % have been in their 20s .
Some 18 contestants ( 9 % of the total ) have taken part in Strictly while in their 60s . Just three contestants have been in their 70s : Johnny Ball , Paul Daniels and Lesley Joseph .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the other end of the age range , the show has featured only two people in their teens : gymnast Claudia Fragapane and actor Louisa Lytton .
A comparison of the 200 contestants ' ethnicity shows that roughly four in five ( 81 % ) have been white .
Merrygold , the eighth confirmed star for the current series , joins a list of celebrities made up of Mollie King , Davood Ghadami , Ruth Langsford , Gemma Atkinson , Rev Richard Coles , Joe McFadden and Simon Rimmer .
Source : ESPN
Finn Balor spoke to ESPN on a number of wrestling topics . Here are some of the highlights :
`` Maybe we will , maybe we wo n't [ see the Demon King at SummerSlam ] . A lot of people are under the impression that Finn Balor relies on the Demon King , but that is certainly not the case . If it 's required and emotions are running high going into SummerSlam then maybe the Demon King will show up . If not , we 'll see the Demon King in the near future I 'm sure . ''
Facing Bray Wyatt :
`` [ Wyatt ] talks in riddles . He talks in tongues . Half the time I do n't even understand it . I know he can talk a lot , that 's for sure . You give him the mic , you 're gon na have a hard time getting the mic back . He certainly likes to talk . Whether it makes any sense or not is up to the people listening . Regardless of what he says or for how long he says it , when the bell rings he is one of the absolute best out there for the last four years he 's been at the top . He 's been doing tremendous things . You ca n't ever discredit his ability in the ring . I think people forget how big Bray is . Bray is like 300 , 320 pounds . He moves like he 's 220 . He 's definitely a force to be reckoned with in the ring and it 's something I 'm going to have to adjust my style every day to help cope with it . ''
His feud with Samoa Joe in NXT :
`` I always go back to my days in NXT and look at my feud with Samoa Joe . That was one of the best periods of growth for me . Joe really turned me from a wrestler , in the sense of I want to try and wrestle people , to having to fight Joe . There 's a lot of similarities size-wise between Joe and Bray , so I 'm able to apply a lot of those lessons facing Joe and bring those forward to face Bray . ''
You can read the full interview by clicking here .
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @ HeelDoors . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
SWEETWATER , Fla. ( WSVN ) – A Sweetwater officer has been suspended from the force while a second former Sweetwater officer already serving time faces new charges after they allegedly targeted foreign-born victims in South Florida .
Forty-six-year-old Sweetwater Police Sgt . Reny Armando Garcia appeared before a judge Wednesday . Meanwhile , 42-year-old former Sweetwater Detective William Garcia sits behind bars in Virginia on other charges . He awaits extradition to Miami to face these new charges .
Both are accused of battery , theft , fraud , burglary and other violent crimes against civilians . According to the FDLE 's news release , both men specifically targeted foreign-born victims who knew little English and did not know much on the U.S. legal system to exploit them .
“ The details are appalling , ” said Sweetwater Police Chief Placido Diaz . “ Almost 30 years of law enforcement experience , I have never encountered anything that egregious . ”
Reny Garcia is now suspended without pay and faced a judge Wednesday morning . “ Your charges are racketeering , conspiring to racketeer and organized fraud $ 50,000 or more , ” said Judge Catherine Pooler .
Officials said Reny Garcia and William Garcia were charged Tuesday by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement .
Reny Garcia was booked into the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Facility .
According to the FDLE , the investigation revealed a pattern of criminal activity that spanned several years . These arrests are part of a larger investigation based on decades of corruption .
Diaz said this era has come to an end . “ I think this is the first step of a new beginning for the City of Sweetwater Police Department , ” he said .
A third officer accused of working with the duo was charged in 2016 .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BRUNSWICK COUNTY , NC ( WWAY ) — A man accused of stealing cash from a Calabash restaurant is in jail .
According to a Facebook post from the Brunswick County Sheriff 's Office , Lumberton Police arrested Torrence O'Neal Helms Jr. Last night . He was booked into the Brunswick County Detention Center around 8 p.m. under a $ 75,000 bond , according to the jail 's website .
- Advertisement -
Investigators say Helms broke into the Seafood Hut monday morning .
He 's charged with breaking and entering .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Venezuela 's ruling socialist party swept mayoral races in most of the state capitals and major cities in Sunday elections boycotted by several opposition parties , officials announced .
The ruling party won in 41 of 42 cities where a winner was declared , according to early official results . The opposition even lost in strongholds such as Maracaibo and the Caracas-area district of Sucre .
Around 47 percent of eligible voters cast ballots . That was down from 58 percent in municipal elections four years ago , as three of the four major opposition parties refused to field candidates because of irregularities and allegations of fraud in recent gubernatorial elections .
People examine voter lists for mayoral elections by a mural of Venezuela 's late president Hugo Chavez at a polling station Sunday in Caracas . Ariana Cubillos / AP
Socialist President Nicolás Maduro responded on state television by threatening to ban the boycotting groups from future political contests .
`` A party that has not participated today can not participate anymore , '' said Maduro , who called Sunday 's turnout `` extraordinary . ''
The election of mayors in all of Venezuela 's 335 municipalities was the last national balloting before next year 's presidential contest , in which Maduro is expected to seek re-election despite his steep unpopularity .
Various polling places appeared to be sparsely filled throughout Sunday , with only handfuls of people seen casting ballots .
`` Let 's hope they 're late sleepers and this is n't a phenomenon of abstention , '' said retired librarian Jose Tomas Franco , an early-morning voter in the capital , Caracas , who called the low turnout `` alarming . ''
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro votes Sunday in Caracas . Miraflores via EPA
The elections took place against a backdrop of soaring inflation , shortages of food and medicine , and charges that Maduro 's government has undermined Venezuela 's democracy by imprisoning dissidents and usurping the powers of the opposition-controlled National Assembly .
Related : E.U . readies sanctions on Venezuela , approves arms embargo
Economic and political crises have caused the president 's approval rating to plunge , although the opposition has largely been unable to capitalize on his unpopularity .
Given the opposition 's disarray , political analysts said they doubted that Maduro 's opponents would be able to rally behind a single candidate in next year 's presidential election .
`` The opposition is condemned to trying to find a solution to its internal problems , '' said Edgard Gutierrez , coordinator of Venebarometro , a Venezuelan polling agency . `` Either that or simply not compete in 2018 . ''
The last time the opposition refused to compete , in congressional elections in 2005 , it strengthened the government 's hand for years .
VIRAC , Caranduanes ( Bicol Standard ) Alleged members of the New People 's Army ( NPA ) have staged another ambush which resulted to the dea ...
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around . Watch her go .
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch '
0:50 Fresno man says he was fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo 's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
Voters in the Blair school district fell just a few votes short of approving a $ 250,000 transportation bond issue during an election Tuesday .
Other Southwest Oklahoma school districts also voted on school board races . Voters in some area cities decided on municipal races .
The Blair school bond issue drew 111 votes in favor and 80 against , for an approval rate of 58.76 percent . However , a super-majority of 60 percent was required for the bond issue to pass , as mandated by state law . The bond issue called for the purchase of three 72-passenger buses , two for use as route buses and the third as an activity bus . Those buses were to be purchased outright and replace buses that are currently being leased by the district .
Following are results of other area elections :
Municipal
Altus City Council Ward 1 : John Womack , 89 ; Nathan Covington , 22 . Ward 2 : Jon Kidwell , 69 ; Dan Goodson III , 20 .
Walters City Council At large : Gerald Lee Henley , 30 ; Roberta Ellis , 234 ; Timothy Lewis , 39 .
School boards
Caddo County
Anadarko : Renee Hill , 185 ; Myles Stephenson Jr. , 118 . Gracemont : Donita Settle , 22 ; Paul Buzbee , 18 ; Alese Savage , 19 .
Comanche County
Cache : Brad Seaton , 288 ; James Carter , 115 . Elgin : Dustin Hillary , 214 ; Ranell Oliver , 83 ; Aaron Molloy , 518 . Fletcher : Chad Funkhouser 26 ; Bryan Swietek , 10 ; Amber Hendrix , 113 .
Cotton County
Walters : Scotty Reed , 187 ; Jim Keesee , 193 .
The Canadian Press
Lightning and wind are aggravating a tough fire situation in an area that has already been hit hard by this year 's aggressive wildfire season .
Fire information officer Natasha Broznitsky says the Cariboo region saw lightning storms over the weekend , which hampered fire suppression efforts .
A number of new evacuation orders were issued as flames crept close to communities , including Alexis Creek and Canim Lake , near Williams Lake .
Broznitsky says more than 5,100 square kilometres have been charred in the Cariboo since April 1st -- an area nearly the size of Prince Edward Island .
By Radio.com Staff
Carlos Santana has issued a statement regarding controversial comments he made regarding Beyoncé .
Santana got into hot water when he insinuated Queen Bey lost to Adele at the GRAMMYs because she could n't sing .
Related : Carlos Santana on Beyoncé 's GRAMMY Loss : ‘ She 's Not a Singer '
“ I would like to clarify a comment that was reported when I was doing an interview for some upcoming shows in Australia & New Zealand , ” he wrote .
“ My intent was to congratulate Adele on her amazing night at the Grammies [ sic ] . My comment about Beyoncé was regretfully taken out of context . I have the utmost respect for her as an artist and a person . She deserves all the accolades that come her way . I wish Beyoncé and her family all the best . ”
See Santana 's full post below .
Energy intensity in Iran is four times more than global average , said the deputy head of the Iran Power Generation and Transmission Company ( TAVANIR ) .
Mahmoudreza Haqifam further mentioned that peak power demand in Iran had witnessed a growth of seven percent since March 21 , Tasnim News Agency reported .
Measured as energy consumption per unit of gross domestic product , Iranian energy intensity is very high , which was led to huge energy waste and inappropriate usage due to high governmental subsidies .
Iran ranks first in the allocation of the fossil-fuel subsidies ( $ 60 billion in 2016 ) in the world , according to the International Energy Agency .
According to official statistics , energy intensity in Iran increased significantly during last decades , while the statistics of the US Energy Information Administration indicate that the index in the world decreased by nearly one-third between 1990 and 2015 .
In 2016 , Iran had allocated subsidies to the tune of $ 13.556 billion for the electricity sector . The oil and gas sectors received about $ 21 billion and around $ 18 billion respectively in 2016 .
According to the International Energy Agency , energy intensity index in Iran is one of the highest in the world ( twice as much as the world average ) and has been increasing on average of about 3.4 percent per year over the past 40 years .
The country needs investments to the tune of $ 200 billion to halve its energy intensity by 2021 .
Microsoft 's desire to fight back in the browser wars , which have seen it drop to a rough one-fifth share of the market , have intensified with the news that its Edge browser is coming to Android and iOS devices .
Launched as part of Windows 10 and designed to replace the ageing Internet Explorer , Microsoft 's Edge browser has not been an unalloyed success . Despite some neat features and support for a small number of popular extensions and add-ons , its share of the browser market as tracked by NetMarketShare currently sits at around five percent - below the 14 percent of its predecessor Internet Explorer and massively below Google Chrome 's majority 59 percent slice of the pie .
Microsoft 's answer is a version of Edge designed for Android and iOS mobile devices , designed to integrate with its desktop equivalent just like Chrome , Firefox , Opera , and Safari . 'One of the most common requests we hear from people who use Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 PCs is “ we want our browser experience to move to our phones ” . You spoke , we listened , ' claims Microsoft 's Joe Belfiore in the company 's announcement . 'Microsoft Edge for iOS and Android brings familiar features like your Favourites , Reading List , New Tab Page and Reading View across your PC and phone , so , no matter the device , your browsing goes with you . But what makes Microsoft Edge really stand out is the ability to continue on your PC , which enables you to immediately open the page you 're looking at right on your PC—or save it to work on later . '
The launch is limited in scope for now , however . Microsoft is allowing users to test the iOS version via Apple 's TestFlight platform now while promising that the Android release 'will be available soon . ' Those interested in using either version can sign up now .
At the same time , Microsoft has announced the re-release of its Arrow Launcher for Android under a new brand : Microsoft Launcher . 'We think it 's the most beautiful ( based on Fluent design ) , customizable , powerful launcher available . With Microsoft Launcher , your recent photos , documents and more can all Continue on PC as well , ' adds Belfiore . 'And – just like on Windows 10 – with Microsoft Launcher you can put icons of your favourite people right on the home screen so they 're quickly and easily available .
The Microsoft Launcher , which is again in preview status , is available now for Android devices .
TEHRAN , Iran ( AP ) `` Iran 's Oil Ministry has published list of 29 international companies qualified to bid for oil and gas projects following the lifting of sanctions under a landmark nuclear accord .
The list published on the ministry 's website Monday includes several multinational firms , among them Total , Shell , Eni , Gazprom and Schlumberger .
In October , Iran invited foreign companies to bid for 50 exploration and production projects for the first time since the 2015 nuclear deal with world powers .
Iran has upgraded its model for oil contracts , allowing for the full recovery of costs over almost two decades . In October , Iran signed the first such contract with a local oil company .
06 , October 2017 : Providing a unique 360° perspective of an area , eliminating blind spots , our portable surveillance cameras can reach the height of a sixteen-storey building . They are available for hire throughout the UK and with a setup time of just 45 minutes can quickly respond to a range of scenarios .
Controlled and operated from the Eye in the Sky support vehicle by our fully trained and licensed security officers , the eye in the sky can assist in the prevention , reduction and recording of incidents . Particularly valuable when monitoring the movement of people at large gatherings and events , guiding support staff to respond to any incidents .
The Eye in the Sky Portable Masts also offer a high-profile advertising space and with add-ons such as lighting , additional cameras and a public announcement system , the portable security solution can solve several key issues .
Popular in scenarios where the key focus is moving regularly or there is only a short-term requirement , the Eye in the Sky is a flexible solution . Industries such as Rail & Construction where a fixed mast is not appropriate through to supporting Police and Security responses to antisocial behaviour and festivals where large groups are congregated .
Our custom-built Eye in the Sky product uses sophisticated CCTV and security technology alongside fully trained security professionals to ensure an effective pro-active response to any incident .
Providing a unique perspective to our clients , the Portable Security CCTV masts offer an unobstructed view in the most challenging of environments .
Additional information about the new product can be found on the company website . Alternatively , The Security Network can be contacted directly , using the following information .
For Media Contact :
Person Name : Adam Moody
Company : The Security Network
Address : Far'n'Beyond , 2175 Century Way , Thorpe Park ,
Leeds , LS15 8ZB UK
Email : adam @ thesecuritynetwork.co.uk
https : //www.thesecuritynetwork.co.uk/commercial-security-services/eye-sky-portable-cctv-masts
DesRosiers Automotive Consultants says a five-year growth trend in year-to-date sales of new light vehicles in Canada ended in June .
The Toronto auto market watcher says 1,036,677 new light vehicles were sold in Canada in the first six months of the year , down 0.2 per cent from the record-setting six-month total of 1,039,068 in the same period of 2017 .
It was the first decline in year-to-date numbers since March 2013 and comes as June marked the fourth month in a row of year-over-year monthly declines in sales .
Sales of new vehicles were down 1.6 per cent in June at 200,156 versus the same month last year , as a 1.4 per cent gain in sales of light trucks was more than offset by an eight per cent decline in passenger car sales .
It would be all right to permanently edit the genes of babies so long as researchers were doing it for the health of the children , and with proper oversight , a panel of experts said Tuesday .
But society needs to discuss what would constitute going too far — for instance , making designer babies that are stronger or more beautiful than they would naturally be , the panel appointed by the National Academy of Medicine said .
A cloned human embryo is seen in this file photo . Centre for Life File
Right now , such genetic manipulation of human embryos is n't known to be possible , and no one could do it in the U.S . The Food and Drug Administration would have to approve it and is barred by Congress from using its funding to consider anything that involved changing a human embryo .
It might be possible down the road , and labs in other countries might do it , the committee said in its report . Groups using private funding may also do what they like , although they could not offer treatments to people or tests involving humans in the U.S. without FDA approval .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed New Stem Cell Therapy Helps `` Bubble Baby '' Children 1:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And if someone finds a way to prevent disease using these techniques , there would be a clamor for it to be made available .
`` However , genome editing to enhance traits or abilities beyond ordinary health raises concerns about whether the benefits can outweigh the risks , and about fairness if available only to some people , '' said Alta Charo , a bioethicist at the University of Wisconsin who helped chair the panel .
Gene therapy is still experimental . The idea is to treat genetic disease by replacing faulty genes with healthy ones . But the technique is imprecise .
Related : Three-Parent Babies Are OK , Experts Say
Gene editing is a big step up from simple gene therapy . New techniques , such as one called CRISPR , allow scientists to precisely alter genes in a much more controlled way than before , offering the possibility that embryos could be changed not only to prevent the development of genetic diseases , but to prevent any resulting children from passing harmful traits to their own offspring .
“ Using the technology to increase someone 's muscle strength to the extreme end of human capacity ( or beyond ) would almost certainly be considered enhancement . ”
In 2015 , Chinese scientists caused an uproar by trying to permanently edit the DNA of human embryos — creating genetic changes that could be passed from generation to generation .
One obvious question is whether labs might try to offer parents babies that are prettier , smarter or stronger than the genetic lottery would otherwise allow them to be . It 's not so easy : even eye color is not controlled by a single gene or even a few genes , and there are no known genes for intelligence .
Related : Three-Parent Babies Are an Ethical Choice
But a genetic disease such as muscular dystrophy is caused by easily measured genetic mutations , and it 's possible that finding a genetic cure for MD might lead to ways to make healthy babies more muscular , the panel said .
`` And using the technology to increase someone 's muscle strength to the extreme end of human capacity ( or beyond ) would almost certainly be considered enhancement , '' the report reads .
That 's when people might need to start thinking about how far is too far to go in improving children .
Related : Baby Born Using Three-Parent Technique
Tests for so-called germline editing for people would be ethically acceptable if there were no reasonable alternatives ; if it was being done to prevent a serious disease or condition and if the genes being changed were clearly shown to cause the condition , the panel recommended .
Any change should resemble naturally occurring genetic sequences , not introduce some exotic change to DNA , the panel added . Data should be openly shared and there should be oversight , it added .
Some of the better known genetic diseases include muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis and the premature aging disease progeria , but there are dozens more .
Future Market Insights has recently announced the publication of a market research report that covers the global market for smart water bottles in great details . The report , titled “ Smart Water Bottle Market : Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2014–2020 , ” states that the market will register a staggering 27.50 % CAGR from 2014 to 2024 . If the numbers hold true , the market will rise from a valuation of US $ 2.5 mn in 2014 to US $ 10.7 mn by 2020 .
Some of the leading factors expected to drive the market are the rising global population of health-conscious people , the rising spending power of the global population , and the increased demand for smart fitness devices across developed as well as developing economies .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-376
The report segments the global smart water bottle market on the basis of criteria such as technology and geography . On the basis of technology , the report covers such segments of the market as external hardware , inbuilt sensors/equipment , and hydration tracking apps . Of these , the report states that the segment of external hardware , including products such as sensor bands and smart caps compatible with most standard water bottles , accounted for the dominant share over nearly 58 % of the overall revenue valuation of the market in 2014 . The segment is also expected to remain the top revenue grosser in the global market over the report 's forecast period , increasing by a 590 basis point share and a CAGR of 6.8 % from 2015 through 2020 .
The segment of bottles with in-built capability of undertaking a variety of tasks associated with the idea of smart water bottles , such as notifying the user of the level of hydration based on the amount of water consumed over a specific period , sharing real-time data with smart operating devices , and maintaining the temperature of water in the bottle , accounted for the second-largest share in the market in 2014 . With over 40 % of the market , the segment continues to be one of the most lucrative segment in the global smart water bottle market . The segment of applications , or the software solutions made for easy analysis of data collected by smart water bottles , accounted for the least share in the market in 2014 but is expected to exhibit an impressive 32.2 % CAGR from 2015 to 2020 , the highest of all technology segments .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-376
From a geographical standpoint , the report examines the market for smart water bottle for regions such as Latin America , North America , Asia-Pacific , Europe , and Middle East and Africa . Of these , the market in North America holds the dominant share in the global market and is also likely to retain its top position in the market over the report 's forecast period , followed by the market in Europe . The leading position of the North America market is chiefly attributed to the higher acceptance to advanced and innovative technologies along with the high purchasing power of the population .
The report also presents a thorough analytical account of the vendor landscape of the market , furnishing details such as recent developments and business strategies along with detailed business profiles of some of the leading vendors operating in the overall market . Since the market is in its nascent stage of development , the number of competitors is presently less but the market could get crowded in the next few years as companies start realizing the growth opportunities in the market . Some of the leading vendors operating in the global smart water bottle market are HydraCoach , BluFit , and Caktus Inc .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/smart-water-bottle-market
Two of four persons in custody on Friday confessed to killing two elderly women earlier this week at their home at the corner of Albert Street and South Road , a top Guyana Police Force investigator said Friday .
A senior police source said two men admitted to investigators that they killed family-friends 88-year old Constance Fraser and 75-year old Phyllis Melrose Caesar between on October 2 and 3 , 2017 .
A lone woman , who is among the fiur detainees , is connected to one of the men who have confessed .
The two men could be charged this weekend and arraigned on Monday .
Word of the confession came several hours after Head of the Criminal Investigations Department , Assistant Commissioner , Paul Williams told Demerara Waves Online News that “ We have good , substantial information , ”
He said police were still treating the incident as a robbery-murder .
Williams said several suspects were nabbed between Wednesday , October 4 and 5 .
Fellow parishioners of the Full Gospel Church located opposite the women 's residence discovered the bodies of the women in their bedrooms with their hands , feet and mouths tied .
Pastor Winston Mc Gowan said they decided to enter the house after one of the women failed to open the church early Tuesday morning as she would have normally done .
Caesar hailed from Manchester Village , Corentyne and Fraser was a Guyana-born United States citizens . They both lived in the wooden house for several decades .
Full Gospel Church leaders were expected to meet Tuesday afternoon to discuss next steps following the demise of two of their dedicated and well-loved members .
Dallas Cowboys fans celebrate after a 54 yard reception from Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Cole Beasley ( 11 ) during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , on Sunday , December 10 , 2017 . Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
Dallas Cowboys running back Rod Smith ( 45 ) celebrates after rushing past New York Giants defensive back Ross Cockrell ( 37 ) for a touchdown during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , on Sunday , December 10 , 2017 . Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott ( 4 ) and Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Ryan Switzer ( 10 ) dance after defeating the New York Giants 30-10 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , on Sunday , December 10 , 2017 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. -- If Jason Garrett had coached ol ' Sisyphus , he 'd have told him to keep rolling that rock up the hill , because sooner or later the results might actually change . The reason I bring this up is because Sunday at MetLife Stadium only seemed like an eternity before something different happened .
And that , friends , was the difference between a team harboring faint playoff hopes and a 2-11 bunch playing its first game under its new coach and old quarterback .
Next thing you knew , the Cowboys swamped the hapless Giants , 30-10 , and the score makes it seem like you 're carping for wondering what took them so long .
The Cowboys ( 7-6 ) survived , which might not do much to convince you that this season 's going anywhere . Just the same , let 's make a few points :
First , in the NFL , no one leaves the light on for you . The road can be a dark and forbidding place . Ask Oakland , beaten by a Kansas City team that had lost four straight .
Also , the Cowboys are now just one game removed from the return of Zeke Elliott . Treading water until he gets back was pretty much all anyone could have expected when his suspension started .
From here on out , all the Cowboys can do is pile up wins and hope it means something good when the season 's over . They could win out , and it still might not be enough . Or maybe they get lucky . All things considered , best to cover your bases , just in case .
The Cowboys understand what 's at stake , if you were wondering . Several players talked about how their backs are against the wall .
Even the Giants got it .
`` We knew that they had to come and get this win to keep the run going for the playoffs , '' defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul said , `` and we just could n't execute and finish right . ''
No , the Giants have n't been very good this season on either side of the ball . They fired Ben McAdoo and brought back Eli and you could hardly tell the difference .
On offense , they dropped passes and did n't run the ball particularly well , and on defense they failed to register a single sack .
Of course , the paragraph above described the Cowboys , too . Had it not been for the big plays that Eli cited - touchdown catches of 81 yards by Rod Smith , 50 yards by Dez Bryant , 20 yards by Jason Witten and a 54-yard catch-and-run by Cole Beasley that set up Witten 's touchdown - you could n't have told the difference between the Cowboys and Giants .
But the way it works in sports is that the good teams get lucky and the bad teams get beat .
We can debate whether the Cowboys are really a good team or , like the kids of Lake Wobegon , simply `` above average . '' Remember when they were outscored , 72-6 , in the second half of those three straight losses to the Falcons , Eagles and Chargers ? Whatever adjustments they 've made since , they 've scored 21 fourth-quarter points against Washington and 20 on Sunday .
Now was it simply a matter of better coaching and execution the last couple of games ?
Or is it simply lesser competition lately ?
`` Garrett 's always big about the fourth quarter , '' Beasley said . `` The teams that play the best then are the ones that are going to win . That 's our identity .
`` Today , I felt like we got back to it . ''
Even if it was a product of the competition , which seems more likely , the good news is that the Raiders looked fairly awful against the Chiefs , and Seattle lost convincingly to Jacksonville .
No question , the Cowboys still have heavy traffic in front of them in the wild-card standings . The Rams , Packers and Falcons own head-to-head advantages . But if nothing else , Sunday 's game reinforced the value of persistence , a point the head coach pounds into us week after week .
Get this : Even Garrett appeared to have some doubts Sunday .
Or as he put it , `` It seemed like it was 10-10 for a long time . ''
Especially from my point of view , which I was probably lucky to get , at that . Until the fourth quarter , the most exhilarating act by a Dallas visitor came in the parking lot before the game , when , attempting to leap a puddle , I did the splits on the ice . If only my mother-in-law had witnessed it , I would n't owe her a Christmas present .
Listen to Kevin Sherrington , Barry Horn and Evan Grant on Ballzy , the SportsDayDFW podcast .
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media , or on behalf of our advertising partners , on what we feel are important offers , developments , publications , and events in the streaming/online video industry .
Read all about it - You ca n't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news !
Virtually There : The Industry Drives Towards a VR Oasis
VR video will have uses beyond entertainment and gaming , offering something for every industry , but there are significant distribution problems to conquer first .
Page 1
So you want to get into virtual reality ? It 's a great time to do so , because VR is here to stay—awkward headgear or not .
Unlike other passing tech fads that have fallen to the wayside , VR has utility that extends beyond gimmicky entertainment tricks . Games and immersive experiences are pulling us deeper into virtual entertainment , like Ernest Cline 's Oasis in Ready Player One . Only now instead of the virtual revolution starting with a gaming console or dedicated VR system , it 's beginning with your smartphone .
Consider Pokémon Go , the mobile augmented reality game with over 7.5 million downloads . The game turns your phone into a conduit that uses cameras and GPS to let you engage in a virtual world within real-life surroundings . This is called augmented reality , or AR , where you 're overlaying virtual content on top of the real-world view . However , AR is just the first step into full VR immersion .
VR has always been about immersion into completely artificial worlds and interaction with manufactured people , characters , and environments . Just a few short years ago , people laughed at the idea that VR could change the world . Many people expected a Max Headroom type of display where things looked so incredibly fake and distorted that it was hard to imagine real experiences that embraced virtual interactions . But anyone who 's worn an Oculus Rift can tell you that the immersion can be a visually breathtaking experience that delivers 4K , and soon , 8K video .
New applications like Pokémon Go will act like a gateway drug—building our appetite for not only more engaging content , but also new hardware . Before you know it , paying for a VR headset like Oculus Rift , PlayStation VR , or HTC VIVE , or investing in computers to power them wo n't seem so far-fetched for the average consumer .
In order for VR to take off in more than gaming and entertainment , quality content and efficient ways to distribute it need to be addressed . Everything from security , retail , construction , and tourism will benefit from this technology , giving access to thousands—if not millions—of people . Yet these immersive experiences demand pristine content delivery that can affordably scale with audience growth . As such , video quality ( resolution ) , seamless playback , and low latency will make or break VR 's success .
Breaking Down Quality and Delivery Barriers to Spur Adoption
VR delivers high-value experiences , yet it does require some thoughtful preparation—especially for live events . The recent rise of 360-degree video allows for viewers to be virtually transported to a live event such as a sporting event , concert , or political rally . But to feel like you 're there , you need the highest quality possible . The higher the image quality , the bigger the bitrate ( and final file size for a video-on-demand asset ) , which in turn requires greater bandwidth . Currently , most 360-degree video tends to be captured with low-resolution cameras , but more 4K and even 8K cameras are on the rise .
For everyday consumers , streaming 360-degree video from the NBA , Periscope , and Facebook can eat up data plans , resulting in expensive phone bills , while also contributing to significant network congestion with a high volume of viewers . The congestion means that the user 's experience can be dramatically hindered , as the network chokes on sending the fat data to the mobile device . Therefore , network operators , content producers , and consumers have a keen interest in the efficient delivery of VR .
360-degree VR streaming also introduces another challenge—latency—which affects two unique aspects of the viewing experience : head-motion and scaling quality . If you 're moving your head ( or eyes ) and there 's lag between your movement and video refresh , you notice motion-to-photon latency . Ideally you want a refresh rate less than 11ms at 90Hz for desktops , and 16ms at 60Hz for mobile devices . If you have more than that , you 'll likely experience nausea .
The other latency issue arises when you try to reduce bandwidth requirements through adaptive streaming . As an example , one approach is dynamically adapting the stream to deliver high quality video only where the viewer is looking—so within their field of view ( FOV ) —and lower resolution everywhere else . As soon as the sensors in the headset detect that the user has moved their FOV , the area where they are now looking snaps into sharp focus , and needs to do so within a few hundred milliseconds ( ms ) . It is this latency that is critical , and it will require streaming with a latency of less than 200 ms . Some providers are implementing this technology into what they call Field-of-View Adaptive Streaming or View-Optimized Streaming .
One of the final challenges is implementing high-efficiency encoding that reduces the bandwidth needed to deliver video streams . Both the VP9 and HEVC codecs are supported by most HTML5 players and mobile devices , and enable the same quality video at a lower bitrate , alleviating cost , quality , and delivery issues . However , they also require a bit more horsepower on the playback device to decode the stream .
The Reality of Virtual Reality : Put a Game Plan in Place
User experience is going to be the driving force behind many of the technology decisions when you develop a VR engagement . The last thing that consumers , network operators , or content producers want is for their VR content to choke the network and deliver a poor user experience , which would distract from the immersive content .
In general , companies should consider these best practices to ensure they lay the groundwork for building high-quality VR :
Consider the bitrate you need to deliver the highest quality stream , and provide adaptive bitrate streams that enable the flexibility required for VR content .
Use 360-degree adaptive streaming technology to minimize the data footprint and deliver an dynamically-adjusted viewing experience .
Determine how important low latency is for the live experience and tune your streaming workflow accordingly .
Adopt high-efficiency codecs , such as VP9 and HEVC .
The Value of Virtual Reality
VR has the ability to create technology-enabled experiences , ushering in the Internet of Experiences . Looking at this year 's CES , far too many consumer electronics manufacturers would have you believe that the virtual experience , such as sitting in a VR car , is almost as good as the real thing . And the potential goes far beyond games and entertainment . When you take the ability to place a viewer in an immersive environment that they can explore on their own and add data enhancements on top of their video feed , you can begin to imagine use cases that apply to corporate training , industrial monitoring , education , medical research , e-commerce , or a plethora of other non-entertainment applications .
Businesses must stop looking at VR as the next generation of cool entertainment media , and instead consider it as an informational tool with specific niche uses . By taking steps now to plan an infrastructure that supports the quality and distribution aspects of VR , businesses will be better equipped to drive adoption of VR across industries and use cases .
VR is going to hit faster than most of us can imagine . The more we continue to augment our reality , the more we 'll find ourselves bouncing back and forth between mixed reality experiences . In reality , we already get lost down the Facebook and social media rabbit hole , and it 's easy to see ourselves going through the looking glass into virtual worlds .
Oasis is not that far away .
Chris Michaels is the director for PR and communications for Wowza Media Systems . This is a vendor-contributed article . Streaming Media accepts articles contributed by vendors based solely on the value of insight and information they offer to our readers .
Page 1
This is a `` How it works '' video of 'the BackSeat ' app . A few of the key features are reviewed here . There are several more settings within the app as well as the app being customize-able based on your lifestyle .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Styrene Monomer ( SM ) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Styrene Monomer ( SM ) market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Styrolution , Lyondell Basell , FCFC , SADAF , Shell , Americas Styrenics , Americas Styrenics , Jubail Chevron , Asahi Kasei , LG Chemical , Pars Petrochemical , ENI , Lotte Chemical , Idemitsu , NIPPON STEEL & SUMIKIN CHEMICAL , Westlake Chemical . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Styrene Monomer ( SM ) Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-styrene-monomer-sm-market/10348/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Styrene Monomer ( SM ) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Styrene Monomer ( SM ) market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Styrene Monomer ( SM ) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Styrene Monomer ( SM ) . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Styrene Monomer ( SM ) in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Ethylbenzene Dehydrogenation Method , Ethylbenzene Oxidation Method .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Synthetic Resin , Ion Exchange Resin , Synthetic Rubber .
Key Highlights Of The Styrene Monomer ( SM ) Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-styrene-monomer-sm-market/10348/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Styrene Monomer ( SM ) new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Styrene Monomer ( SM ) market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Styrene Monomer ( SM ) industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
COLUMBIA , S.C. — Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina he would miss at least all next season before he would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues .
Bowen announced his decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday .
The decision means Bowen , the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January , wo n't ever play in college . He was suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport .
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $ 100,000 to a recruit 's family for him to play at Louisville . Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The family of a hit-and-run victim killed by a man they say should have been in prison at the time has attracted widespread political support for a public inquiry into the Garda handling of the case .
Shane O'Farrell ( 23 ) was run down while cycling on the N2 road between Carrickmacross and Castleblaney on August 2nd , 2011 .
The driver of the car , Zigimantas Gridzuiska , who fled the scene , had been before the courts on numerous unrelated charges and released on several bail bonds .
The O'Farrell family say his continued breach of bail conditions meant he should have been in custody at the time of the crash .
A report by the Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission ( Gsoc ) , finalised last month after six years of investigations , found gardaí made no attempt to return Gridzuiska before the courts when he had committed subsequent offences in breach of bail conditions .
At a press conference on Wednesday , Mr O'Farrell 's mother Lucia dismissed the Gsoc report as as “ inadequate ” and “ unsatisfactory ” and called for a full public inquiry .
Those calls appear to have attracted the widespread cross-party support of TDs , many of whom attended the briefing .
Numerous politicians turned out to back calls for an inquiry into the circumstances leading up to the death of cyclist Shane O'Farrell in August , 2011 . Photograph : Mark Hilliard / The Irish Times
Fianna Fáil 's John McGuinness branded the Gsoc report a “ cover up ” and appealed to the numerous politicians present to raise the issue with their respective parties saying an inquiry was now “ absolutely necessary ” .
People Before Profit TD Bríd Smith said the report was a “ botched piece of work ” and “ another example of how the Irish State deeply disrespects its citizens and drags them through years and years of pain and agony ” .
Gsoc was investigating whether gardaí had committed any criminal offences in their handling of the case and found they had not .
The O'Farrell family has undertaken extensive research into the history of Gridzuiska and say they provided Gsoc with 12 court orders relating to him .
“ Shane should be alive . This would never have happened of the gardaí had done their basic duty , ” Ms O'Farrell said .
“ Bail had no legal meaning for this individual and bail had no legal meaning for the gardaí . ”
She said the Gsoc investigation findings lacked detail , did not reflect six years of investigation and did not consider “ how the gardaí failed in their duty to adhere to court orders ” .
In a report on the case on Tuesday , RTÉ 's Prime Time said that in the 19 months prior to Mr O'Farrell 's death , Gridzuiska had committed over 25 offences , mainly for heroin possession , theft and handling stolen goods . He was bailed numerous times but continued to commit offences .
It noted in particular that three weeks before Mr O'Farrell 's death , Gridzuiska was convicted of theft in Newry , Northern Ireland . This should have led to his imprisonment in the Republic .
“ If our justice system had been operating effectively he would n't have been in a car on that occasion [ of Mr O'Farrell 's death ] , he would have been incarcerated , ” Fianna Fáil 's justice spokesman Jim O'Callaghan told the programme .
He said he believed there was a “ relaxed attitude ” toward the breaching of bail bonds in Ireland .
By Hayden Wright
Anita Pallenberg , the Italian-German actress , model , and longtime romantic partner of Keith Richards , has died at age 73 . She is survived by Marlon and Angela , her two children with Richards . Another son , Tara , passed away as an infant in 1976 .
Related : Keith Richards Pens Tribute to Chuck Berry
Pallenberg was best known for roles in '60s classics , including Barbarella and Candy , as well as Performance , the 1970 crime drama starring Mick Jagger . The icon 's offscreen paramours included two Rolling Stones : She became involved with Stones founder Brian Jones before his death in 1969 , and later romanced Richards from 1967 to 1980 .
“ I like a high-spirited woman . And with Anita , you knew you were taking on a valkyrie — she who decides who dies in battle , ” Richards wrote in his 2010 autobiography , Life . He also discussed their shared heroin addiction and penchant for living on the edge . The Stones songs “ Angie ” and “ You Got the Silver ” were written about Pallenberg .
“ Anita is a Rolling Stone . She , Mick , Keith and Brian were the Rolling Stones . Her influence has been profound , ” Rolling Stones production assistant Jo Bergman once said . “ She keeps things crazy . ”
Pallenberg 's death was confirmed by Stella Schnabel , a friend and the daughter of artist-director Julian Schnabel . No cause of death has been reported .
Photo : Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna , Katy Perry , Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him .
Related : Katy Perry , Catholic Church Win $ 10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“ Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? ” Keaton Jones , a Tennessee native , asked in the video . “ What 's the point of it ? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them ? It 's not okay . ”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him . The video was shot by Jones ' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch .
After viewing the clip on social media , Katy Perry , Cardi B , Snoop Dogg , Hailee Steinfeld , and others provided words of encouragement to Jones .
“ # KeatonJones Hero ! ! ! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity ! ” wrote Rihanna on social media . “ If you have , or currently are going through any form of bullying , my heart and my prayers go out to you ! Bullies…y'all corny ! ”
“ This broke my 💔today . Please be kind to one another , ” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones ' video .
“ Say lil Man U got ta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate , ” commented Snoop Dogg .
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere .
See the best artists reactions below :
# KeatonJones Hero ! ! ! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity ! If you have , or currently are going through any form of bullying , my heart and my prayers go out to you ! Bullies ... y'all corny ! A post shared by badgalriri ( @ badgalriri ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today . Please be kind to one another . # standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY ( @ katyperry ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U got ta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg ( @ snoopdogg ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @ Lakyn_Jones , could you pass this message along to Keaton ? ❤ https : //t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld ( @ HaileeSteinfeld ) December 10 , 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I 'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini ( @ KelseaBallerini ) December 10 , 2017
I 'm so Sad and angry like I 'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
( @ iamcardib ) December 10 , 2017
Hey , @ Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville , TN next month if ya want .. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell ( @ coleswindell ) December 10 , 2017
Stay strong Keaton . Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world . For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne ( @ brothersosborne ) December 11 , 2017
Hey Keaton Jones , I 'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice . I 'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
( @ Zedd ) December 11 , 2017
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia .
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia .
RUGBY Africa and the Tunisia Rugby Union have apologised to Zimbabwe after its players slept on the street following problems with their accommodation before a World Cup qualifier at the weekend .
Zimbabwe 's players have also not been paid their meal allowances on their Tunisian trip , leaving their South African coach Peter de Villiers to fund their food and drink out of his own pocket .
The Zimbabwe team is in Tunisia for a Gold Cup fixture against the North African nation in the town of Monastir on Saturday . The game will serve as a qualifier for next year 's Rugby World Cup in Japan .
Images on social media showed players sleeping on the street outside of the hotel they had been allocated .
They did not check in because they felt the hotel was substandard .
`` We would like to reassure the Zimbabwean Ministry of Sports , Zimbabwe Rugby Union and all partners and fans that the situation was addressed immediately and an acceptable solution has been found this morning , '' Rugby Africa said in a statement .
`` Tunisia Rugby Union took the Sables ( Zimbabwe ) management to visit another hotel , which was accepted .
`` Rugby Africa and Tunisia Rugby Union would like to express their sincere apologies to the Sables team and management for this unfortunate situation . ''
Khaled Babbou , an executive member of both TRU and Rugby Africa , said there was no intention to disrupt Zimbabwe 's preparations for the match .
`` I can assure you that there was absolutely no intention to destabilise our opponents and we will make every possible effort to ensure they have a good preparation ahead of Saturday 's match , '' Babbou was quoted as saying by South Africa 's News24 .
Zimbabwe loose forward Takudzwa Mandiwanza said the issues started ahead of the team 's previous match , a 45-36 loss to Kenya in Nairobi last weekend .
`` We have not been paid our daily allowances for our duration in Kenya , including our match fees that we did not receive , '' Mandiwanza told Zimbabwean radio station Capitalk FM .
`` Now we 're in Tunisia , we were detained at the airport for close to six hours , with no allowances given to us , '' he said , adding de Villiers had paid for the players to eat .
`` We 'd be hungry right now . The situation is very frustrating and disheartening . ''
There was no immediate comment from Zimbabwe rugby authorities .
Namibia heads the Gold Cup standings with a full haul of 15 points from three matches , including an 118-0 victory over Tunisia .
Zimbabwe has a draw and loss from its two matches .
Only the top team advances automatically to the World Cup , with the second-placed side entering a playoff .
On Tuesday , May 29 , deputies were called out to Peace of Mind Personal Care Home on Anneswood Road in Martinez . The caller told deputies that one of her patients , 42-year-old Richard Porter , got into an argument with her over a cigarette lighter and walked away from the home just after 7:30 p.m .
London police say the death toll in the apartment building blaze has risen to 17 .
The huge fire enveloped the Grenfell Tower block in West London in the middle of the night on Wednesday and the toll is predicted to rise further .
As well , 37 people are receiving treatment , and 17 of those are still in critical care .
Police announced tonight that search crews will deploy dogs in the building first , because they are lighter and can get into areas people ca n't .
Advertisement
The core of the building is structurally sound , allowing fire crews to search from the stairwell . However it could take weeks to check all rooms in lower floors , and to safely search the upper half of the building .
London Met Police are now asking people to report anyone who was missing and has now been found .
The Fire Service wo n't confirm reports the fire started with a fridge or freezer in a fourth floor apartment .
However London 's fire chief admitted he is worried about the mental and physical health of many of the firefighters who worked on the Grenfell Tower inferno .
Commissioner Dany Cotton told media in London tonight ( New Zealand time ) the 250 officers `` saw and heard things on a scale they 'd never seen before '' as they worked through the night to rescue people from as high as the 24th floor .
`` I spoke to some of them yesterday who were truly distressed , not least of all because they knew there were people still in there . ''
`` They were battling through the heat and could n't get there . ''
`` What went on yesterday truly traumatised a lot of people ... it will affect a lot of people going forward .
Dany Cotton @ LondonFire GET this woman an OBE , MBE Whatever it takes . She & all her firefighters - > AMAZING 👏🏽😘❤️ # saveourfire # GrenfellTower pic.twitter.com/44xQXOCTOa — Yasmin A. Choudhury ( @ yasminisyasmin ) June 15 , 2017
× In this photo taken from aerial video , smoke rises from the 24-storey Grenfell Tower . Photo / AP In this photo taken from aerial video , smoke rises from the 24-storey Grenfell Tower . Photo / AP
Officially , 17 people have died in the huge fire that enveloped the Grenfell building in the middle of the night in London yesterday , but Ms Cotton said authorities `` have absolutely no idea '' how many people were unaccounted for .
She praised the bravery of firefighters who ran into the flames , reaching the 24th floor of the building to rescue people from inside but said it would be an `` absolute miracle '' if there were any further survivors .
`` They were in fear of their own lives . They were in and out of that building committing time after time to rescue the people that were in there .
`` They were never going to stop until they physically could n't get in there any more . ''
`` They are heroes but they have feelings and people were absolutely devastated by yesterdays events ''
× Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May arrives at Grenfell Tower in London . Photo / AP Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May arrives at Grenfell Tower in London . Photo / AP
The brigade has also warned the edges of the building are not safe and it 's understood officers will conduct a `` fingertip '' search of the block that is expected to take weeks .
UK Prime Minister Theresa May visited the scene today , while other local councils around London have committed to a review of building fire safety .
Ms Cotton said it will be a miracle if any survivors are found following the devastating high-rise fire . Authorities have said many more victims are expected .
× Firemen rest near the scene , after a deadly blaze at a high rise apartment block in London . Photo / AP Firemen rest near the scene , after a deadly blaze at a high rise apartment block in London . Photo / AP
Ms Cotton told Sky News that authorities do n't expect to find anyone else alive after the blaze and that it 's too early to speculate on how it started - or even how many people died . She said that authorities have finally extinguished the last pockets of flame , and are trying to secure edges of the building for a fingertip search .
Meanwhile , construction plans show the perilous maze residents had to navigate to make their way to the building 's single fire escape .
Renovations of the Grenfell building in North Kensington saw the building not only kitted out in controversial cladding that could have caused the deadly blaze to spread so quickly , but also stripped of two of its fire exits .
Planning documents submitted to council between 2012 and 2014 show a collection of compact living spaces packed in tightly together on each floor . According to floor plans 120 apartments were jammed into the building 's 24 storeys , all around a central elevator and fire escape .
Leading London fire and building inspector Geoff Wilkinson said that while having only one fire escape may have made the escape more difficult for some residents , it still should have been adequate .
`` We can tell that reports ( concerning fire safety ) were made and the fire service had made inspections relatively recently , '' he told ABC radio .
`` The question of having a single fire exit is not uncommon . It 's certainly proved to be ( adequate ) in the past . ''
A major refurbishment of the Grenfell Tower , originally built in 1974 , was completed in May 2016 at a cost of $ 14.6 million .
Questions are being raised about what caused a London apartment block to turn into a blazing deathtrap , as witnesses reveal residents were advised to `` stay put '' .
One resident who said he and his neighbours had complained about the building 's safety for years said he considered the disaster `` mass murder '' as experts focused on the building 's external cladding , fitted only a year ago , that could have turned the tower into a death trap .
Local media is reporting `` nobody on the top three floors survived '' , crediting the claim to a local community leader .
× Forensic teams carry a body near Grenfell Tower . It is still not known how many people have died . Photo / AP Forensic teams carry a body near Grenfell Tower . It is still not known how many people have died . Photo / AP
Other witnesses reported not hearing smoke alarms in the building until they were manually started by fire services . Lack of access to the building due to narrow roads and gas works in the area were also cited by locals as complicating firefighting efforts .
London mayor Sadiq Khan said firefighters were only able to reach the 12th floor and pledged to get to the bottom of whether the response was adequate and residents were at risk .
`` The reason why it should be such a big concern for all of us is that there are many tower blocks across London and across the country , '' he said .
`` Many of them are the responsibility of local authorities . We need to make sure that legitimate questions people have are answered . ''
A man has been arrested over allegations he posted pictures of a Grenfell Tower victim on social media .
Images were posted of what appear to be a partially covered body following the fatal blaze in north Kensington , west London .
The Metropolitan Police said a 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of sending malicious communications and obstructing a coroner .
Officers confirmed the arrest related to the fire at Grenfell Tower and the man was in custody .
The waiting game - dozens of schools in the midlands and west yet to decide if they 'll open tomorrow
Warehousing and logistics sector has been thriving as the spine of industrial activities in India and is enticing significant investor interest in the past few years . Lately , the growth of the sector has accelerated with the launch of strong initiatives like Make in India , National Manufacturing Policy ( NMP ) and favorable policy regimes allowing 100 % Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ) in e-tailing marketplace , coupled with impending roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) . Moreover , rapid growth in e-commerce , retail , fast moving consumer goods ( FMCG ) , auto and auto ancillary , chemical and pharmaceutical industries are driving the demand further and hence pushing the enormous warehousing volume growth to next level .
“ The organized warehousing sector is poised for an interesting time ahead in the short to medium term , as the envisaged spurt in demand for organized top quality warehousing is expected to exceed available quality supply in major cities across India . Dearth in quality supply and escalating land prices have always remained the woes of large manufacturing companies and e-commerce companies that are constantly expanding their footprint . It is a good time for developers / investors to evaluate this sector to add to quality organized warehousing infrastructure keeping in perspective the latent demand and consolidation/expansion expected post GST roll out ” , said Shyam Arumugam , Associate Director , Office Services , Colliers International India .
As per Colliers Research , several international companies are hopeful about the Indian logistics market with announcements of various global players to increase their capacity of transporting goods back and forth from Indian cities . Few companies like FedEx , Kintesu World Express , DHL and TNT have already entered India , through mergers , acquisitions and joint ventures engaged with Indian logistics companies . Recently , Canada Pension Plan Investment Board 's ( CPPIB ) acquisition of a majority stake in IndoSpace , for ~USD500 million , marked the largest industrial and logistics deal in India . We also noted that the e-commerce logistics businesses are highly optimistic on the rise of demand for supply chain services in India and quite a few companies ' like Amazon , Delhivery and 4tigo Network Logistics secured infusion of funds on their warehousing activities recently . Also the warehousing occupiers like Amazon and DHL announced plans to expand their warehouses in near future .
With a vision to lift India amongst the top 5 manufacturing destinations in the world by 2020 , various government initiatives are dedicating greater focus on setting up superior manufacturing infrastructure in the country . NMP has been framed to increase the share of manufacturing in the country 's Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) from 16 % to 25 % by 2022 . Furthermore , the setting up of clustered developments like National Investment and Manufacturing Zone ( NIMZ ) by aggregating production units , logistics , public utilities , residential areas and administrative services within the zones at strategic industrial locations , is determined to promote emergence of promising warehousing corridors around respective industrial regions .
Colliers Research further believes that such additional attention is likely to enhance the growth of sectors with competitive advantage in India , such as automobiles , pharmaceuticals , aerospace , shipping , IT hardware & electronics , telecom equipment and employment-intensive industries like textiles and garments , leather and footwear , gems and jewelry and food processing industries . GST is on the cards to act as a key catalyst for the rise of warehousing market in India by eliminating multilayered tax system and state borders , thus creating a common marketplace across the country . GST will also notably reduce the total costs of the logistics industry due to warehouse optimization . At present , most companies have set up multiple small warehouses of ~4,000-10,000 sq ft across the country to save taxes on inter-state movement . On the implementation of GST , the need to have several small warehouses will be reduced and larger consolidated warehouses will be established at strategic locations .
Colliers Research can foresee that besides rapid expansions , the biggest challenge that India 's warehousing market would face is the acquisition of a feasible land parcel . Land cost shares the largest component of a warehousing project . While the land price is dependent upon multiple factors like development control regulations , infrastructure development and the best alternate land use , rental values will depend primarily on the connectivity , demand and supply factors in respective cities . It is recommended that warehousing developers acquire land at a feasible cost , as it will be the key when it comes to warehouse investment .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) `` A federal appeals court is hearing arguments over the constitutionality of Ohio 's new three-drug execution method .
At issue before the 6th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati on Wednesday is the effectiveness of the first drug used in the method , a sedative called midazolam ( mih-DAY'-zoh-lam ) .
Midazolam has been used in problematic executions in Arizona , Arkansas and Ohio in which inmates did n't appear fully sedated before the second and third drugs took effect .
Lawyers opposing midazolam say it creates an unconstitutional risk of harm to inmates .
Advertisement
The state says the massive doze of 500 milligrams of midazolam is enough to render inmates unconscious . They also say the U.S. Supreme Court previously upheld the drug 's use in Oklahoma in a 2015 case .
Fibre optic cables give more bandwidth for conveying greater data than copper cables of a similar diameter . Optical fibres can be attracted to smaller distances across than copper wire . Since optical fibres are thinner than copper wires , more fibers can be packaged into a given-diameter cable than copper wires .
Driven by the rising interest for higher bandwidth and speedier speed connections for an assortment of mechanical and residential purposes , fiber optic transmission is winding up increasingly regular in present day society .
Optical fibers cabling are preferably suited for conveying digital data , which is particularly valuable in computer networks . Fibre is extraordinarily solid . It stays far less influenced by the environmental difficulties which can extraordinarily influence the execution of copper . Getting wet , being submerged and even the extraordinary warmth of the summer is n't an issue for fibre .
Elam has been the specialists in the installation and maintenance of fiber optic cabling for several years . We are experts in introducing fiber to the desktop , between floors , between structures , in Data Centers , or to interface your computer rooms together .
Our professional team of experts will supply , introduce , terminate and test a wide range of fiber optic cable . We have expertise in taking off Singlemode OS1 , OS2 , multimode ( OM1 , OM3 and OM4 ) , Loose Tube , and Tight Buffered installations . For associations that need both speed and dependability with their communications infrastructure , fiber optics is a fundamental investment .
Elam remain fully informed regarding the most recent cabling standards and termination techniques . Servicing a wide range of enterprises , corporate entities , SME 's , schools and colleges since 1993 . We have built up a notoriety for being an authentic , honest cabling organization , that has their customers interests at heart .
We are a Sydney based , Australian owned , cabling company . Our area of expertise lays in Data , Fiber optic , Voice , Electrical and Security Installations . Elam gives services to government , Education , commercial , business and corporate customers all through NSW . We hold a Security Master License for CCTV and Alarm installations . Our experts guarantee you work viably in your business by giving the absolute best in Power , Lighting and Data network solutions .
About the Company :
Elam has been the experts in the installation and maintenance of fibre optic cabling for 15 years . We are specialists in installing fibre to the desktop , between floors , between buildings , in Data Centres , or to link your computer rooms together .
Contact Details :
Elam Cabling Group
Unit 19 , 35-39 Higginbotham Road
Gladesville NSW 2111
Spirit of Man , Woman of the Year program flourishes in simple act of spinning tales for kids
[ Noozhawk 's note : Second in a series of articles highlighting Santa Barbara 's Man and Woman of the Year awards . The nomination period for 2013 honors is now open . ]
Ann Wisehart is a determined woman . When she developed a progressive disease 15 years ago , making her unable to volunteer on the playground at her son 's school , she figured out another way to participate : she began telling stories in the classroom . Her tales were such that even the fidgeters would sit enraptured for a full hour .
Now , years later , she has honed her craft . Overcoming her physical challenges , Wisehart manages to spin tales at Wilderness Youth Project campfire outings , in classrooms , in a tepee , and any other place that will host her .
For Wisehart , storytelling is a deep and primal way to communicate with others . A story can stimulate a child 's imagination , open his or her mind to different ways of thinking , and teach them to make meaning of what they see around them . She tells funny and irreverent stories that she hopes will teach children to think for themselves .
“ We all need to do our part , ” said Wisehart , for whom the simple act of walking takes concentrated effort .
“ If you have a talent , you should share it with others . That 's how we build our communities . ”
Albert Einstein was of the same mind .
“ If you want your children to be smart , tell them stories , ” he said . “ If you want your children to be really smart , tell them more stories . If you want your children to be brilliant , tell them even more stories . ”
• • •
Volunteers enrich all our lives .
Do you know a volunteer who has made a significant impact on the Santa Barbara community ? You can nominate that person to be the next Man or Woman of the Year ! Click here to fill out a simple online nomination form . Sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation , Noozhawk and KDB , nominations are open until Aug. 30 .
— Suzanne Farwell represents the Santa Barbara Foundation . Click here for a related story .
Berlin , Germany — 5 December 2017 — Christoph Zach has made the effort of compiling the perfect calendar for the Germans and those that have made Germany their permanent residence . These people are needing help to know about the local customs and how they can better integrate into the community . As to do that properly one would need to learn which are the holidays in the country and what they actually mean to the locals at this point in time .
It would be a shame to miss one of the most important feiertage deutschland days and not congratulate the new German friends with them . One can truly feel alienated when he is in another country and not knowing what is important and not following the proper customs . In addition to that for those that have gotten a new job in the country : they really need the link kalender as to be able to know when they are supposed to go to work and when to stay home during an important national holiday of the German people .
Surely , this can be easily fixed by making friends and always asking them when the nearest holidays are but Germans are pedantic people that do n't like to always be hassled about such trivial matters . Therefore the feiertage deutschland would shine a good light on this person and paint him like no other pesky foreigner from abroad . If the client has the same worldview as the creators of the calendar then he will surely extract the maximum benefit from the usage of its information . There are amazing ways as to prove to the friends and colleagues from this country that the person is truly worth the praise and consideration .
Those that are seeking a great gift for a German friend that happens to be living or working abroad then should definitely consider the link kalender . Amazon would be honored to send it abroad to the address that is being specified within the order . There are so many possibilities to manage the items that it would be a shame not to make such a grand present . The feiertage deutschland are always important for those that have left their fatherland and are nostalgic about it . Be the one that attracts attention to this moment and brings a smile to the German friend 's face once again . It will be of great benefit in the end .
Contact :
Company : KDP
Web site : kdp.amazon.com
URL : https : //kdp.amazon.com/community/profile.jspa ? userID=1977681
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We have seen some rather strange things in football grounds over the years , this one is the strangest though .
This Aston Villa fan sat down for the match against Barnsley only to realise they had an aubergine in their pocket .
They hoped it would be a lucky aubergine to help sow the seeds of success , but it seemed Villa had lost the plot .
The defenders had their feet planted and it all went to pot against the Tykes .
And no , we wo n't be making any comments about turnips on the pitch ...
* What 's the strangest thing you have taken into a football ground ?
A well-known Berbice fisherman , who is already facing two-armed robbery charges , was Wednesday arraigned for the murder of a Guyanese fisherman off the coast of Suriname late last month .
Guyana 's Anti-Piracy Act allows for persons to be charged and prosecuted for such related offences they are accused of committing in other countries .
Nakool “ Fyah ” Manohar of 43 Joppa Dam Corentyne , Berbice was arraigned before Magistrate Rabindranauth Singh at the Springlands Magistrates ' Court .
He was charged with the murder of Tiliknauth “ Caiman ” Mohabir who was one of the 20 fishermen in four boats that were attacked nearer Suriname 's border with French Guiana between April 26 and May 3 , 2018 .
He was not required to plea to the indictable charge and was remanded to prison until his next court appearance on June 13 , 2018 .
Berbice Divisional Commander , Assistant Commissioner Lyndon Alves confirmed that Manohar was charged as a result of joint investigations by Guyanese and Surinamese police .
He is expected to be charged with a second count of murder in the coming days .
Manohar was also further remanded on two previous charges of robberies he allegedly committed in 2015 and 2016 .
Guyanese and Surinamese police have already said they believed that the piracy attack was in retaliation for the drive-by shooting death of Fyah 's brother , Somnauth Manohar , on March 30 , 2018 .
Grabbing a drink in North Augusta just got a whole lot easier .
City Council passed a new ordinance allowing alcohol at certain city sanctioned events .
The fall foliage is rapidly approaching on Georgia Avenue and thankfully , sunny days are n't piping hot anymore . Festival season is here and for the folks of North Augusta , grabbing a beer at one of them is n't out of the picture .
`` The city council passed the law where we can have alcohol on the streets for city events , this helps us with Jack-O-Lantern Jubilee coming up
and gives the vendors , gets them to trust us , '' said Mandy Nelson , with the City of North Augusta .
Nelson is in charge of planning the Jack-O-Lantern Jubilee this year , featuring Charlie Daniels Band . North Augusta shuts down Georgia
Avenue for the event , in years past there were only certain areas you could have a drink , with the new law this gives the city more wiggle room
both for themselves and the vendors .
`` Alcohol revenue is our huge revenue for Jack-O-Lantern jubilee , for the free event we want to keep
it a free event so we definitely want the alcohol revenue for the event , '' said Nelson .
A driving push for the 5-1 vote to pass was getting this done before the Ballpark Village is complete . Once it 's time to play ball in North
Augusta , the alcohol revenue from that and festivals like Jack-O-Lantern jubilee mean big bucks for the city .
`` If we did n't have this revenue , we might have to charge , which we never wan na do , we love to provide these free events for the city , '' said Nelson .
Jack-O-Lantern Jubilee will be held on October 27th and 28th , in just a couple weeks .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
YANGON : Myanmar is to investigate whether police have committed abuses against Rohingya Muslims , the government has said , after officials promised that allegations of atrocities against members of the Muslim minority would be looked into .
The UN human rights office said in a report this month Myanmar 's security forces had committed mass killings and gang rapes of Rohingya Muslims and burnt their villages since October in a campaign that “ very likely ” amounted to crimes against humanity and possibly ethnic cleansing .
Myanmar has denied almost all allegations of human rights abuses in northern Rakhine State , where many Rohingya live , and says a lawful counterinsurgency campaign has been under way since nine policemen were killed in attacks on security posts near the Bangladesh border on Oct. 9 .
The military said last week it was setting up a team to investigate alleged atrocities by the security forces and the interior ministry followed that up on the weekend with a promise to investigate police .
The Home Ministry said in a statement a “ departmental inquiry ” would be conducted “ to find out whether the police forces have committed illegal actions including violations of human rights during their area clearance operations ” .
The ministry , which is controlled by the military , said action would be taken against personnel “ who failed to follow instructions ” .
“ The UN report provides many detailed accounts of what allegedly happened , and that 's why an investigation committee was set up to respond to the report with evidence , ” Police Colonel Myo Thu Soe told Reuters on Monday .
“ The UN report includes very serious human rights abuses allegations against police in Myanmar including rape . But as we know , it did not happen , ” he said .
Separately , five policemen have been sentenced to two months detention after a video appeared online showing them abusing Muslims during an operation aimed at rooting out suspected militants in Rakhine State , Myo Thu Soe said .
In addition , three senior police officers involved in the case have been demoted , he added .
It is rare in Myanmar for security forces to be held accountable for abuses , or for such allegations to be investigated transparently , rights groups say .
Almost 69,000 Rohingyas have fled from Myanmar to Bangladesh since the security force sweep was launched in October , according to UN estimates .
More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims may have been killed in the crackdown , two senior UN officials dealing with refugees fleeing the violence said last week .
A Myanmar presidential spokesman said the latest reports from military commanders were that fewer than 100 people had been killed in the counterinsurgency operation .
Rohingya have faced discrimination in Myanmar for generations . They are not classified as a distinct group under citizenship laws and are regarded instead as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh , entitled only to limited rights .
About 1.1 million Rohingya live in apartheid-like conditions in northwestern Myanmar .
The violence has renewed international criticism that Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has done too little to help members of the Muslim minority .
In this Saturday , May 26 , 2018 image from video released by the U.S. Geological Survey , lava sends up clouds of steam and toxic gases as it enters the Pacific Ocean as Kilauea Volcano continues its eruption cycle near Pahoa on the island of Kilauea , Hawaii . Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island , approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava . ( U.S. Geological Survey via AP )
Manchester United 's quest for a trophy treble continues with a meeting against a fallen French giant on Thursday as Saint-Etienne visit Old Trafford in the Europa League 's round of 32 .
Although United trail leaders Chelsea by 12 points in the Premier League , they remain on track for glory in both the League Cup , where they have reached the final , and the FA Cup .
Even one season outside the Champions League is seen as a season too many for a club like United , but although Saint-Etienne last sat at Europe 's top table in 1981 , Jose Mourinho remains an admirer .
“ Despite many years without titles , it 's a big club with big tradition , ” the United manager told MUTV after the draw was made .
“ It 's the club where Michel Platini , before he went to Italy , did amazingly well in an amazing team that was dominant in France in that period , so it 's a historical club .
“ And ( with ) the extra curiosity of a beautiful thing , which is two brothers playing against each other . ”
The brothers in question are United 's record signing Paul Pogba and the Saint-Etienne defender Florentin , who will meet in a professional match for the first time .
The pair have spoken of their excitement prior to the game and another player rubbing his hands in anticipation is United 's Anthony Martial , who came through the ranks at Saint-Etienne 's arch rivals Lyon .
“ There was a huge rivalry while I was still at Lyon , ” the French forward , whose side is unbeaten in 16 league games , told the United website this week .
“ It was always a highly charged atmosphere and they were usually massive games , the kind all players love to play in .
“ Of course , it would be great if I could score against them again , but I hope we can win the game because that 's the most important thing , then it would be a bonus if I managed to grab a goal . ”
– ‘ Mythical stadium ' –
A goal for Martial will also have an impact on United 's finances as his 25th strike in their colours will trigger a 10 million euros ( $ 10.6 million ) payment to his former club Monaco .
Saint-Etienne could be forgiven , however , for paying more attention to Martial 's team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who scored 14 goals in 13 matches against them during his time at Paris Saint-Germain .
Thursday 's game will allow Saint-Etienne to end a near 40-year wait to grace the Old Trafford turf for the first time .
The sides previously met in the European Cup Winners ' Cup first round in 1977 , but the second leg was played at Plymouth Argyle on England 's south coast after crowd trouble marred the first leg .
Following a 1-1 draw at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard , United prevailed 2-0 in the second leg courtesy of goals from Stuart Pearson and Steve Coppell .
Saint-Etienne goes into the game on the back of a breezy 4-0 win over Ligue 1 's bottom club Lorient , which defender Kevin Malcuit believes was helpful preparation .
“ It 's always good to go to Manchester , ” he said .
“ It will be a pleasure to play at Old Trafford , which is a mythical stadium . We 're really happy to be playing this team , although we know they are stronger than us . ”
In the pick of Thursday 's other first-leg ties , Serie A 's second-place team Roma travel to Villarreal , Borussia Moenchengladbach host Fiorentina and Tottenham Hotspur visit Belgian side Gent .
Fixtures
Thursday ( 2005 GMT unless otherwise stated ) :
Anderlecht v Zenit St Petersburg , Astra Giurgiu v Genk ( 1800 GMT ) , Athletic Bilbao v Apoel Nicosia , AZ Alkmaar v Lyon ( 1800 GMT ) , Borussia Moenchengladbach v Fiorentina ( 1800 GMT ) , Celta Vigo v Shakhtar Donetsk ( 1800 GMT ) , Gent v Tottenham Hotspur ( 1800 GMT ) , Hapoel Be'er Sheva v Besiktas , Krasnodar v Fenerbahce ( 1600 GMT ) , Legia Warsaw v Ajax , Ludogorets v FC Copenhagen ( 1800 GMT ) , Manchester United v Saint-Etienne , Olympiakos v Osmanlispor ( 1800 GMT ) , PAOK Salonika v Schalke , Rostov v Sparta Prague ( 1800 GMT ) , Villarreal v Roma
LONDON ( AP ) — Thousands of people have marched through London demanding more government money for Britain 's overburdened National Health Service .
Trade unions and the main opposition Labour Party backed the `` NHS in crisis : Fix it now '' protest .
Marchers with placards proclaiming `` Save our NHS '' and `` More staff , more beds , more funds '' made their way through central London on Saturday toward Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May 's Downing St. office .
Britain 's state-funded health service has been under mounting pressure , with demand from a growing , aging population rising faster than investment . Winter illnesses and an exodus of stress-hit medical staff have led to thousands of canceled operations and long waits for ambulances and emergency treatment .
Advertisement
The British government says it is putting more money into health care and training more doctors and nurses .
A double bill of Bright Eyes plus Kurt Vile and the Violators will play at the Santa Barbara Bowl at 7 p.m. Sunday . For fans of either band , or both , that is all the information needed . Others , who are more or less curious , may read on .
Bright Eyes comes out of Omaha , Neb. , and consists of Conor Oberst ( vocals , guitar , keyboards , bass guitar ) , Mike Mogis ( banjo , mandolin , pedal steel guitar , electric guitar ) and Nate Walcott ( organ , trumpet , accordion , keytar ) — although they have performed with a host of other musicians at one time or another , in the studio or on stage .
No matter how many musicians are playing , however , or how solid the underlying riff , there is an overall frailty to Bright Eyes . This is reinforced visually by Oberst 's sickroom pallor and lank hair , his seemingly cultivated resemblance to a pall-bearer in an Edvard Munch painting , and audibly by Oberst 's voice , which rivals the enervation of Sufjan Stevens on reasonably peppy day .
Nevertheless , Bright Eyes is an original presence in popular music , and the band 's songs speak to a large audience . Oberst 's playing of the 12-string guitar is particularly evocative , and his occasional presentation of himself as the butt of some cosmic joke has a weird charm all its own .
Despite the Weimar echoes of his name ( rhymes with “ Kurt Weill ” ) , and despite the 1970s-style ironic aggression in the band 's name , Vile 's music is in a style that borrows from neither cabaret nor punk . He sounds , now I think of it , not entirely unlike Bright Eyes , without being quite so morose .
Tickets to Bright Eyes and Kurt Vile range from $ 40 up through $ 95 . The Santa Barbara Bowl is located at 1122 N. Milpas St. Click here for more information , or call 805.962.7411 .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . He can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Blood Donation Drives Today , Noon-6pm at the Ottoville Parish Hall and 12:30-5:30pm at Pandora United Methodist Church . Walk-ins welcome , or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
( 800-733-2767 )
Donations are being accepted through Tomorrow for the YES Campaign ( Youth Elect Service ) sponsored by the Catholic parishes of Putnam County . Home improvement supplies to help complete service projects and food and refreshments for youth and adult volunteers are needed . Call for info .
( 419-303-5476 )
Blood Donation Drive Tomorrow , Noon-6pm at the Hancock County Red Cross office ( Fair St ) . Walk-ins welcome , or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
( 800-733-2767 )
Dinner & Gospel Sing on Saturday at South Side Restaurant ( S Main St ) . Dinner at 5pm , Music at 6pm featuring One Voice , Chris Baldwin & Ed Ewing .
( 419-934-5456 )
The Findlay-Hancock County Public Library SummerREAD kickoff event on Monday with activities and entertainment for kids and families . For details on SummerREAD events : www.FindlayLibrary.org
( 419-422-1712 )
Library Fun Day to kick off the summer program at the Bluffton Public Library on Monday . Truck and vehicle displays , live animals , entertainment , information on the summer reading challenge and other programs , more . Free .
( 419-358-5016 )
Blood Donation Drive on Monday , 1-6pm at St. John Lutheran Church ( Tiffin Ave ) . Walk-ins welcome , or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
( 800-733-2767 )
Blood Donation Drive on Tuesday , Noon-6pm at the Continental American Legion . Walk-ins welcome , or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
( 800-733-2767 )
“ My Favorite Doll Show & Tell ” Victorian Tea on Saturday , June 9 at the Grammes-Brown House , Tiffin . The program will feature a guest expert from the Enchanted Moment Doll Museum . RSVP required , sponsored by the Tiffin Historic Trust .
( 419-448-8312 )
The 29th Julie Cole Charity Golf Classic will be held Monday , June 11 at the Findlay Country Club . Grounds pass admission ( including lunch ) is $ 10 , call for tickets . Proceeds benefit Bridge Hospice , the BVHS Center for Simulation & Clinical Excellence and the Julie Cole Junior Golf Fund .
( 419-423-5457 )
Marcus Landin Memorial Benefit on Saturday , June 16 at Four Seasons Park , Kalida . 5K Run/Walk at 8am , Chicken BBQ ( 11am-1pm ) , Silent Auction , more . Call for BBQ tickets .
( 419-234-8672 )
7th annual Golf For Kids ' Sake to benefit Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Putnam County on Sunday , June 24 at Pike Run Golf Club , Ottawa . Shotgun start at 1pm . For info or to register : www.BBBSwco.com
( 419-222-8500 )
Cannabis with an estimated street value of £200,000 was seized in Kettering today .
Police seized the drugs this afternoon in the town centre , but declined to name the street where the warrant took place .
A man in his 20s was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences and is currently in custody .
A police spokesman said : “ Information from the public is really important in tackling drugs .
“ We would urge anyone with any information to contact us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 . ”
By James Agberebi :
Nigerian forward Sone Aluko has expressed his delight after winning the Man-of-the-Match award in Fulham 's 3-1 home win against Aston Villa in the English Championship on Monday .
Aluko was on target for Fulham , netting their second goal to put them 2-1 ahead .
Other scorers for Fulham were Ryan Sessegnon and Neeskens Kebano , while Jack Grealish scored Aston Villa 's goal .
Reacting to the award , Aluko said every player in the Fulham 's team deserve the award .
Aluko also said he is happy to have scored a vital goal for Fulham .
`` I 've never heard this till now , appreciate it . Fantastic result , clinical team performance and great to be back in top six .
`` Think this award could have gone to many of the Fulham FC team today , but very happy to receive it . Delighted to score another important goal , '' Aluko wrote on his Twitter handle .
The win takes Fulham to sixth in the Premier League play-off spot on the log with three games remaining .
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
A gunman opened fire on a Congressional baseball practice early Wednesday morning in Alexandria , Virginia . Five people , including the shooter , were shot during the attack . House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among those shot . NBC News sources identified the shooter as James T. Hodgkinson . He was shot by Capitol police and later died of his injuries , President Trump told the nation from the White House .
The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took a new , more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire .
Police and federal agents said that suggests a `` higher level of sophistication '' than they have seen before , and means the carnage is now random , rather than targeted at someone in particular . Underscoring that point , a relative says the most-recent explosion left what appeared to be nails stuck in his grandson 's knees .
`` The game went up a little bit — well , it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire , '' Christopher Combs , FBI agent in charge of the bureau 's San Antonio division , said in an interview .
Investigators work at the scene of a bomb explosion on Dawn Song Drive in Austin , Texas , that seriously injured two men . Photo / AP
Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks .
Advertisement
The latest happened Sunday night in southwest Austin 's quiet Travis Country neighbourhood , wounding two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark . They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalised in stable condition .
Police have n't identified the victims , but William Grote told The Associated Press that his grandson was one of them , saying he is cognisant but still in a lot of pain . Grote said one of them was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a tripwire that he said knocked `` them both off their feet . ''
`` It was so dark they could n't tell and they tripped , '' Grote said . `` They did n't see it . It was a wire . And it blew up . ''
Officials work near the site of Sunday 's explosion . Photo / AP
Grote said his son , who lives about 100 yards ( 91 meters ) away from the blast , heard the explosion and raced outside .
`` Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely , '' Grote said .
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings , which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened .
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin , a town famous for its cool , hipster attitude . `` It 's creepy , '' said Erin Mays , 33 . `` I 'm not a scared person , but this feels very next-door-neighbour kind of stuff . ''
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public , especially one with wires protruding .
`` We 're very concerned that with tripwires , a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something , '' Combs said.Investigators are looking at a variety of possible motives , including domestic terrorism or a hate crime . Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating , and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to US $ 115,000 .
`` We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point , '' Austin police Chief Brian Manley said , citing similarities among the four bombs . He would not elaborate , though , saying he did n't want to undermine the investigation .
Authorities work the scene in Austin , Texas , on Eagle Feather Drive , near where the bomb exploded . Photo / AP
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35 , a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent , Sunday 's was west of the highway . Also , both victims this time are white , while those killed or wounded in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic .
Those differences made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern , further unnerving a city on edge .
Thad Holt , 76 , said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack . `` I think everybody can now say , 'Oh , that 's like my neighbourhood , '' ' he said .
Fred Milanowski , agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail .
`` It was a thin wire or filament , kind of like fishing line , '' he said . `` It would have been very difficult for someone to see . ''
Milanowski said authorities have checked over 500 leads . Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people .
Noel Holmes , whose house is about a mile away , was stunned by how loud Sunday 's explosion was .
`` It sounded like a very nearby cannon , '' Holmes said . `` We went out and heard all the sirens , but it was eerie . You did n't feel like you should be outside at all . ''
Authorities work the scene in Austin , Texas , two houses down from where the bomb exploded . Photo / AP
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts . University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger , saying , `` We must look out for one another . '' None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin .
The PGA 's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday , and dozens of the world 's top golfers were to begin arriving .
`` I 'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here . But this is scary what 's happening , '' said golfer Jhonattan Vegas , already in town .
Andrew Zimmerman , a 44-year-old coffee shop worker , said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks .
`` This makes me sick , '' he said .
- AP
Santa Barbara 's wine region is growing significantly , and the positive impact has been felt by many .
Michelle Rodriguez , director of communications at the Santa Barbara Conference & Visitors Bureau and Film Commission , also reports an increase in traffic to the wineries .
“ Tourism is picking up in Santa Barbara , and we expect a strong summer , ” Rodriguez said . “ The wineries should see an influx of new visitors this summer . ”
Grapeline Wine Tours , which began serving Santa Barbara County 's wine region in 2007 , reported a 22 percent increase in ridership from May 2012 to May 2013 .
“ We 're seeing more rapid growth in our Santa Barbara branch than in the other wine regions we serve , ” said Kim Kelliher , Grapeline 's president and co-founder . “ At the same time , we 're also seeing more competition , so the whole segment is increasing strongly right now . ”
In response to the increasing demand , Grapeline added two new deluxe touring coaches to its Santa Barbara operation in early 2013 .
Out of the 75 activity companies that travel information site TripAdvisor.com lists for the Santa Barbara area , 21 offer wine tour services into the nearby Santa Ynez Valley . Wine touring is the most commonly listed activity listed for the area , surpassing water-based activities which traditionally have been the most frequently listed .
“ We have noticed an increase in leisure hotel guests who often utilize the services of wine tour companies in the Santa Ynez Valley , ” said Michael Hendrick , general manager for Santa Ynez Valley Marriott . “ People want a story to share with friends when they open a bottle of wine and some of the leading tour companies , like Grapeline , give them that experience . They offer our guests an exceptional experience with knowledgeable and professional staff , clean , spacious vehicles , and they visit a variety of superb wineries to ensure each guest finds a wine they love . ”
According to the Wine Institute , wineries and vineyards are the second most popular tourist destination in California after Disneyland , attracting 14.8 million tourists each year .
— John Kelliher represents Grapeline Wine Tours .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Supreme Court appeared divided Tuesday over Texas ' appeal to preserve congressional and legislative districts that a lower court struck down as racially discriminatory .
The justices heard arguments in the latest round of court action over Texas electoral districts that began in 2011 .
At issue are two congressional districts and statehouse districts in four counties , and what the challengers say are efforts by Texas Republicans who control the state government to restrain the political influence of a growing Hispanic and African-American population .
The liberal justices seemed favorable to minority voters and civil rights groups that sued over the districts . The court 's conservatives appeared to lean toward the state , which also has the support of the Trump administration . Justice Anthony Kennedy said nothing to indicate where his potentially decisive vote would fall .
Advertisement
The justices last year kept the challenged districts in place , even after the lower court ruling . Texas held primary elections in those districts in March .
Max Renea , Hicks , a lawyer for the plaintiffs told the justices Tuesday that even if his side wins at the high court , it is unlikely that new districts would be used before the 2020 elections , the last voting cycle before the next census .
The case is the third major dispute this term that is focused on redistricting , the drawing of electoral maps following the once-a-decade census . The high court 's other cases , from Maryland and Wisconsin , focus on the drawing of political districts for partisan advantage .
The Texas situation is unusual . Based on the 2010 census , Texas was awarded four new congressional districts , attributable mainly to the influx of Hispanics .
After the state 's original electoral maps were found to be probably unconstitutional , a three-judge federal court produced interim districting plans that were used in the 2012 elections .
In 2013 , Republicans rushed to permanently adopt those maps to use for the rest of the decade .
But opponents criticized the adopted maps as a quick fix that did n't purge all districts of the impermissible use of race .
In 2017 , the same judges who approved the interim maps in 2012 agreed with the challengers that the maps were the product of intentional discrimination .
Scott Keller , the Texas solicitor general who urged the court to reverse the 2017 ruling , said it is unfair to punish the state for adopting districts the federal judges themselves had agreed could be used . `` This was not the legislature trying to pull a fast one on anyone , '' Keller said .
Justice Department lawyer Edwin Kneedler backed Keller up . Kneedler said Texas should be commended for trying to end the litigation `` so the state could move on . ''
Chief Justice John Roberts suggested that was a reasonable approach . If a state was looking for a way out of a lawsuit with districts that would withstand judicial scrutiny , `` would n't you take a plan the district court drafted ? ''
Hicks said Texas Republicans acted because they were happy with the results of the 2012 election . `` What it had intended to do had in fact happened , '' Hicks said .
The liberal justices also spent a lot of time discussing whether the court had intervened in the case too early . That could allow the court to avoid some of the potentially difficult issues about racial discrimination .
DENDERMONDE , Belgium ( AP ) `` A Belgian court has convicted two parents for their part in the death of their infant , who succumbed to malnutrition and dehydration because they were firm believers in alternative diets .
The court gave both a suspended six-month sentence Wednesday because they failed to take adequate action to take care of baby Lucas , who died with organs shrunk to half their size and without any fat around them .
Judge Mieke Butstraen said the demise of seven-month-old Lucas was `` the result of the systematic offer of food which was not suitable . ''
Because of that `` his health was seriously impeded and he eventually died . ''
Advertisement
The case has caused a major uproar about the use of alternative medicine and the responsibility of parents in raising their kids .
The parents could still appeal the sentence .
The star plays the part of grumpy patriarch and sculptor Harold Meyerowitz in Noah Baumbach 's new film .
Dustin Hoffman has compared doubts about the long title of his latest film to criticism of the name of Arthur Miller 's play Death Of A Salesman .
The veteran star plays the part of grumpy patriarch and sculptor Harold Meyerowitz in Noah Baumbach 's new film The Meyerowitz Stories ( New And Selected ) , about a dysfunctional family .
The Netflix movie will be unveiled at the BFI London Film Festival and ahead of its premiere , Hoffman rejected criticism of its unwieldy title .
He said : “ I did a play of Arthur Miller 's called Death Of A Salesman , which is kind of a classic , and we had more than one conversation where he could not get anyone to produce that play because every producer said ‘ we will do it but you have to change the title , no one wants go see a play called Death Of A Salesman , we want to discover that he dies ' .
“ Arthur said ‘ what they did n't understand was that I want them going in knowing they are going to watch someone dying ' .
“ You 're always trying to do something fresh that pulls an audience 's attention .
Dustin Hoffman with Ben Stiller in the film ( Netflix )
“ I think that is all through Noah 's work , this is family and this is what we are used to seeing in the golden age of movies , family , family , family .
“ How can you tell it with any perspective ? How can you hold an audience ? ”
Ben Stiller and Adam Sandler play Hoffman 's adult sons , while Homeland star Elizabeth Marvel plays his daughter , who all deal with their father 's frustrations about his lack of appreciation and recognition as an artist .
Ben Stiller , Adam Sandler and Elizabeth Marvel ( Netflix )
Hoffman said : “ There are fathers who do n't say it but do not want their sons to exceed them , and we somehow get that information at a young age . ”
He heaped praise on Sandler 's performance , in a rare dramatic turn as the less favoured son , saying : “ I do n't think actors should play parts unless they are in it , otherwise it looks like they are performing a part .
“ They go ‘ Oh so-and-so is an asshole but I 'm not an asshole so I will just perform an asshole , I will get a few people in my head that I know that are assholes and just do that . '
Grace Van Patten and Adam Sandler ( Netflix )
“ I think we have the asshole in us , all of us , and it 's up to us to enlarge that .
“ What Adam was doing , which I ca n't put into words , was there was something about him that I 've not seen before .
“ I know him and I 've done another film with him but I went home and said to my wife ‘ I think Adam has hit a part of himself in which he would be the person that did n't make it ' .
“ And that is as close as you can get to the bone , I thought that is what Adam was doing , to hit that . ”
The Meyerowitz Stories ( New And Selected ) will be available on Netflix on October 13 .
© Press Association 2017
Leeds are planning a pre-season tour of Myanmar despite Foreign Office travel warnings being in place for various parts of the country .
The Championship club is scheduled to play an All-Star XI in Yangon on May 9th and then Myanmar 's national team in Mandalay on May 11th .
Both cities fall outside areas which the Foreign Office has advised should be avoided .
A Leeds spokesman said that the club is liaising with the Foreign Office and will avoid any areas of conflict .
Further advice and travel details will be released for Leeds supporters , the club said .
Two companies owned by Leeds chairman Andrea Radrizzani , Aser and Eleven Sports , have business partnerships in the region and there are expected to be commercial benefits from the tour .
Leeds will be holding football clinics with the Myanmar Football Federation Academies in Yangon and Mandalay .
Violent clashes between Myanmar 's government troops and militants are on-going in several areas of the country .
Myanmar 's governing regime has been accused of ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims , while insurgent attacks on police and army bases last summer killed 70 people .
Cheap booze is a cause of depression and aid to suicide and there is a pressing need to rethink its availability and price , the Government has been told by the Prime Minister 's chief science adviser .
The advice from Sir Peter Gluckman has been released after the Government announced 17 new mental health initiatives , including to build resilience in preschoolers and `` e-therapy '' for young people and prisoners .
Health Minister Dr Jonathan Coleman has faced pressure over mental health services , after a series of critical reports and vows from the Opposition to overhaul support .
Announcing the new measures , he said they would help put care in New Zealand `` ahead of the curve '' , as social media and other aspects of modern life put more pressure on young people .
Advertisement
`` All governments have to start doing things differently . ''
While much of the focus of the new initiatives is on improving resilience and decision-making , none of the 17 new initiatives specifically address the role of alcohol in suicide and depression .
That is despite Gluckman 's advice that a re-evaluation of alcohol in society is urgently needed .
`` There is a pressing need for us to reorder our thinking about alcohol use - because excessive and inappropriate use are both symptoms of and causes of mental disorder - as well as illicit drug use for the same reasons , '' Gluckman wrote in the July 28 advice .
`` We need to re-evaluate all aspects of how these are viewed and handled in our society including availability , social acceptability , behaviour , social licence and price : all are central to any rethink/revitalisation of mental health policy . ''
Coleman told the Herald that he had personally voted for the drinking age to increase to 20 , and the Government had previously looked at the availability of alcohol .
`` There 's no intention to revisit this at this point . I 'm confident that this $ 100 million , wide-ranging package will make a real difference to the youth of New Zealand . ''
The Herald recently ran a five-week series called Break the Silence , looking at why New Zealand has the highest teen suicide rate in the developed world and the second highest youth ( 25 and under ) rate .
It highlighted 10 potential solutions , including reducing access to alcohol , given that half of young people who die by suicide in New Zealand have alcohol in their blood stream .
Other suggested solutions , such as building resilience in children , screening of young people for mental health issues , the development of e-therapy and upskilling the workforce , are touched on by the new government initiatives .
The $ 100m social investment fund was previously announced as part of Budget 2017 . The initiatives now confirmed broadly cover four groups : a school-based package , primary and community mental health care , distance and e-therapy , and initiatives to build an `` evidence based approach '' in the New Zealand context .
The latter will include interviews with `` hard-to-find '' groups including the homeless and transient populations .
The new mental health initiatives include :
• A pilot to help develop `` internal self-regulatory skills '' for 3 and 4-year-olds , and the development of a universal screening approach to identify mental health issues in school students .
• More e-therapy or online therapy options for young people , and for prisoners aged under 25 .
• New programmes to ensure follow-up support for people who attempt suicide , and to identify people at risk of suicide when they interact with police , ambulance services and emergency departments .
• The expansion of primary and community mental health and addiction care , including for people whose needs are n't easily managed by GPs but who do n't meet the threshold for specialist services .
• Support for people experiencing or at risk of acute mental health crisis to find rental accommodation and keep it .
WHERE TO GET HELP :
If you are worried about your or someone else 's mental health , the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider . However , if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others , call 111 .
If you need to talk to someone , the following free helplines operate 24/7 :
DEPRESSION HELPLINE : 0800 111 757
LIFELINE : 0800 543 354
NEED TO TALK ? Call or text 1737
SAMARITANS : 0800 726 666
YOUTHLINE : 0800 376 633 or text 234
There are lots of places to get support . For others , click here .
TORONTO — Canada 's Walk of Fame stars might be headed to a new , nearby galaxy .
CEO Jeffrey Latimer says the Walk of Fame is in talks with a city of Toronto councillor about including the stars in a revitalization plan for the downtown John Street strip .
The area is n't far from where the stars currently lie , in the entertainment district along King Street West .
But making the granite slabs part of a more pedestrian-friendly John Street project could give them a more prominence in the area , says Latimer .
`` A lot of people will walk along King Street and look down and go , 'Oh my gosh , there 's a star . ' They 'll fall into it . They 'll , by accident , find someone 's star and think , 'That 's cool , ' '' he said Wednesday in a phone interview .
`` No one dislikes it — it 's just not really focused . ''
Latimer has been making a number of changes as leader of the Walk of Fame , a role he was hired for last year . Many of those efforts have centered on raising the profile of the honour .
Having the stars in a centralized home that Toronto considers a `` cultural corridor '' might ensure they 're better maintained by the city , which is responsible for their upkeep , he added .
`` We 've had different people joke that there 's gum on their stars and dirt on their stars and chips in the cement , '' Latimer said .
`` We have one big difference between Hollywood 's Walk of Fame and Toronto 's Walk of Fame and that 's called 'winter . ' ''
PODGORICA , Montenegro ( AP ) — Montenegro 's ruling party on Monday nominated its leader , who defied Russia to oversee the tiny Balkan country 's entry into NATO last year , to be its candidate in next month 's presidential election .
Milo Djukanovic 's nomination for the April 15 election was announced after a meeting of the Democratic Party of Socialists . The vote could be crucial in determining whether Montenegro remains on a Western course headed toward European Union membership , or drifts back into Russia 's orbit .
Djukanovic , who is coming out of retirement to compete in the election , said he had had other plans other than to return to politics . But he said Montenegro 's future is at stake .
`` When you 're in politics for over a quarter of a century , you have certain responsibilities to your party , yourself and the country , '' he said .
Advertisement
Djukanovic , 56 , has previously served as Montenegro 's prime minister and president in several mandates since becoming the youngest head of government in Europe at the age of 29 in 1991 .
Djukanovic was prime minister during a tense October 2016 parliamentary election when authorities said they thwarted an attempted pro-Russian coup to prevent the Adriatic country from joining NATO .
Djukanovic , who had taken a back seat in politics after his party won the parliamentary vote , had long been rumored to be considering another comeback .
Montenegro joined NATO last June despite strong opposition from the Kremlin which considers the country its traditional Slavic ally and opposes the Western military alliance 's expansion in Europe .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he 'll be killed .
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list . Mexico is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalism , likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq . At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year .
After coming within hours of possible deportation , Gutierrez , 54 , is now appealing that denial . The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez 's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger .
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists , though he did not make specific allegations .
Advertisement
`` The biggest criminal organization is the government , '' Gutierrez said . `` I 'm afraid to take one step into Mexico . ''
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims . Over a five-year period ending in September 2016 , the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000 .
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists . But Eduardo Beckett , Gutierrez 's lawyer , accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico , and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers .
`` There is no more humanity , '' Beckett said . `` The new tactic is , we 'll pressure you , we 'll keep you detained , in hopes you 'll give up . ''
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year . After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility , reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding .
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists , with about 600 enrollees nationwide . But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year , and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them . Meanwhile , high-profile killings have continued , including the death of Javier Valdez , a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state .
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste , a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua . He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua , which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas .
After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats , Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list . So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008 , seeking asylum .
He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009 , while his application for asylum remained pending .
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso . Instead , he supported himself by operating a food truck , Beckett said . His son , now 24 , works in a restaurant . But while in the United States , Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned , he would end up like other journalists who were killed .
After nine years , a judge denied his asylum request in July , and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November .
His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation .
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday . ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency 's custody `` pending disposition of his immigration case . ''
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @ nomaanmerchant . Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : —http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Tiger Woods admits he needs to learn to win again as he returns to the scene of one of the lowest points of his career this week . Woods has won the Memorial Tournament five times , but also shot the highest score of his career at Muirfield Village with an 85 in the third round on his last appearance in 2015 .
That left Woods in last place , and , with 71 players in the field , the former world number one was first out on his own for Sunday 's final round .
“ I did n't want anyone to watch me play , ” he joked at his pre-tournament press conference on Wednesday . “ I tried and unfortunately that 's all I had .
“ I take great pride throughout the years of never bagging it . I 've tried in every single round and tried to fight to the end and unfortunately I shot 85 , the highest round I 've ever had and it did n't feel very good .
“ Unfortunately on this golf course and hitting it as bad as I did , it just was n't good enough . ”
Tournament host Jack Nicklaus had said in his own pre-tournament press conference earlier this week that Woods , who has won 79 times on the PGA Tour , was not immune from having to “ learn how to win again ” .
Nicklaus said he had to do the same on his way to an 18th Major title in the 1986 Masters at the age of 46 . Without a win in two years and struggling in the final round , Nicklaus birdied the ninth and 10th before storming home to become the oldest winner at Augusta National .
‘ Finish it off '
“ I think there 's an understanding of what it takes to finish it off and get a W [ win ] , ” said Woods , who is playing his 10th tournament since undergoing spinal fusion surgery in April 2017 . “ I 've been on runs where it came pretty easy and other stretches where it was very difficult .
“ To me this is a little bit different because it 's coming back off not really playing for a while . I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar [ Championship in March ] , I had a chance to win there and finished second and it really felt comfortable .
“ The last few times I 've had a chance and been up there on the board I felt comfortable , and hopefully I can shoot the low round when I need it . ”
Woods is part of a world-class field at Muirfield Village which features eight of the world 's top 10 , including new number one Justin Thomas , Rory McIlroy and Justin Rose , who could replace Thomas at the top of the rankings with a second straight win following victory in the Fort Worth Invitational .
Chances
McIlroy , who won for the first time since September 2016 at the Bay Hill Invitational in March , finished second in the BMW PGA Championship on Sunday after failing to convert a three-shot halfway lead .
“ I 've earned more world ranking points than anyone this year so that 's a positive , ” the 29-year-old told a pre-event press conference . “ I 've only converted one of the chances that I 've had – I think I 've played in four final groups – but it 's all going in the right direction .
“ It 's just about letting it happen , and maybe not trying too hard . If I can just freewheel a little bit like I did in the last round at Bay Hill I think good results are on the way . ”
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be , you 're not alone .
Americans work hard , and it takes a physical and mental toll , not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time , according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday . But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing .
In 2015 , RAND researchers , along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles , began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs . What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers .
This kind of data , examining workplace conditions in the U.S. , has not been collected for decades . `` We have excellent data on wages , on training ... but we do n't know much about the conditions of work , '' says Nicole Maestas , an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study .
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they do n't have enough time to do their jobs , with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time . This was most prevalent among white-collar workers . Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed .
In addition , 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse , threats , humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month ; or they experienced bullying , harassment or sexual harassment in the past year .
`` One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work , '' says Maestas . Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board , verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college . Younger women and women of `` prime age , '' defined in the survey as ages 35-49 , experienced the most unwanted sexual attention .
But people who have `` good '' bosses — or bosses who respect them , praise them , work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats , Maestra notes .
`` Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem , '' she says , when it comes to a hostile work environment .
American workers feel , by and large , that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills . Still , many workers , particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree , have little control over their work schedules . Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before .
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable , and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week 's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors ' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs .
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting , it is still a rare option for many workers . The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours .
No matter where we work , friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs . Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement `` I have very good friends at work , '' while 53 percent of men agreed .
While the emotional support helps , many jobs are simply tough on the body . Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time . While workers who do n't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well , particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day .
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early . It 's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the `` right '' job , Maestas says .
`` We 've got more people retiring than ever , and there just are n't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy , '' she says , so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older , experienced workers .
Additionally , 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke , fumes , infectious materials , extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time . `` That was strikingly high , '' Maestas says .
Saba Waheed , the research director at UCLA 's Labor Center who was not involved in the study , says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey .
`` We have a lot of great laws , but we need better enforcement , '' she says .
While she largely praises the survey 's comprehensiveness , Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines , as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers . `` I would really love to see race in here , '' she says , as well .
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant .
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years . Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018 .
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration .
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files . Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only . Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted . Please support the artists and buy their music . All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners .
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA – CHAIRMAN , Senate Committee on Local and Foreign Debts , Senator Shehu Sani , APC , Kaduna Central Monday threw his weight behind the strike action embarked upon by the Academic Staff Union of Universities , ASUU .
According to him , it was time for the Federal government to declare emergency on the state of public universities , polytechnic and colleges of education , just as he called on the executive to dialogue and meet up the demands of the union , adding , ” “ Giving some children the best of education and denying some children same is aimed at entrenching and sustaining a political , social and economic dynasty of class order .
Senator Sani said , “ If you do n't see anything wrong when leaders flash the images of their siblings matriculation or graduation ceremonies in some of the world 's most prestigious or elitist universities , you should n't see anything wrong with ASUU strike and demand for a better deal for Nigerian Universities . ”
He stated this Monday in series of tweets on his Twitter handle @ shehusani . The tweets read : “ First , I wholeheartedly support ASUU strike . Secondly , I call on the executive to dialogue and meet up the demands of the Union . Thirdly , the need to declare emergency on the state of public universities , polytechnic and colleges of education is now .
“ If you do n't see anything wrong when leaders flash the images of their Siblings matriculation or graduation ceremonies in some of the world 's most prestigious or elitist universities , you should n't see anything wrong with ASUU strike and demand for a better deal for Nigerian Universities .
“ Giving some children the best of education and denying world 's most prestigious or elitist universities , you should n't see anything wrong with ASUU strike and demand for a some children same is aimed at entrenching and sustaining a political , social and economic dynasty of class order . ”
BEIJING ( AP ) `` China will investigate claims that two of its citizens were engaged in illegal preaching before they were killed by Islamic extremists in Pakistan , a government spokesman said Wednesday .
The two Chinese citizens were abducted at gunpoint on May 24 in the city of Quetta . Islamic State militants claimed the killings on Friday and sent local journalists a video purporting to show their bodies .
Chinese officials have yet to directly confirm the deaths , Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a statement . China 's government `` will continue to make the greatest efforts to work with the Pakistani side on coming to a speedy clarification of the relevant issues , '' he said .
Pakistani officials identified the victims as Lee Zing Yang , 24 , and Meng Li Si , 26 .
Advertisement
Pakistan Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said they had entered the country on business visas but later began `` preaching . '' He did not offer further details but called for a review of Pakistan 's visa policies with regard to Chinese nationals .
During the abduction , gunmen dressed as police stopped a car carrying Lee and Meng and shot and wounded a man who intervened after he rescued a third person from the car , according to Pakistani police .
The police said at the time that Lee and Meng had been teaching at a private language school .
China , a longtime ally of Pakistan , is investing billions of dollars in an economic corridor linking the Asian neighbors . Thousands of Chinese nationals work in Pakistan and have occasionally been targeted in attacks by anti-government militants .
A cave explorer assisting Thai authorities trying to rescue 12 trapped schoolboys believes `` we 'll know in the next 24 hours '' if they will live or die .
British cave expert Vern Unsworth , who lives in Thailand , said the conditions were getting worse and there was now a narrow window in which the group could escape .
`` I think we 'll know in the next 24 hours ... We 'll keep our fingers crossed - everybody needs to pray and hope for a good outcome , '' Mr Unsworth told the BBC .
The boys aged between 11 and 16 , along with their football coach , have been trapped in the flooded Tham Luang cave system for 12 days .
Advertisement
But heavy monsoon rain is coming , and Mr Unsworth said rain that had already fallen had caused a dramatic rise in water levels in the cave .
`` The main thing is to try to get the children to safety . We have to keep hoping . The water levels are rising , we had a lot of rain overnight . ''
He said the temperature of the water was cold , although the air temperature was n't an issue .
Time is of the essence for rescuers .
The challenge ahead of the group is enormous - none of them are divers and some ca n't even swim . They have also been weak after spending days without food , but are gaining in strength after being given high-protein drinks .
Authorities insist they wo n't begin the rescue mission that has gripped the whole world until it was safe to do so . It will be dawn there at about 8.30am AEST .
`` We have to be 100 per cent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate , '' Narongsak Osottanakorn , Chiang Rai provincial governor , told reporters .
`` We will take care of them like they are our own children , '' he said . The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus , he added , but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary .
Getting out of the cave wo n't be easy . It will require diving of about a kilometre which could not be completed all at once . In total , it was expected to take three hours .
Another British expert , Gary Mitchell , described the challenging conditions . `` There 's air pockets along the way , '' he told the Associated Press .
`` It 's confined spaces . It 's almost zero visibility . There are currents to battle against in places as well . So it 's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in . ''
Doctors and nurses were seen moving up to the entrance of the flooded cave last night , fuelling speculation that an attempt was imminent .
Medical staff were filmed leaving the staging area further down the slope and were on the move to the mouth of the cave as reports emerged the rescue mission could begin as soon as this morning .
The football team .
The cave system is nearly 2km long .
The Interior Minister Anupong Paojinda said evacuating the boys `` must speed up '' as soon as possible before more rain falls and exacerbates the flooding .
The grim forecast could force authorities to have the children — who can not swim — out through a narrow , underwater passage in the cave .
`` If something happens midway , it could be life-threatening . '' Mr Paojinda said .
`` Diving is not easy . For people who have never done it , it will be difficult , unlike diving in a swimming pool , because the cave 's features have small channels . ''
There are a couple of other options on the table if that does n't work and the heavy rains subside .
Authorities are considering digging them out of the cave , but if this goes wrong it could cause the cavern where the team has taken refuge to cave in .
Rescuers could potentially drain the caves enough to allow the boys to wade or float out with life vests .
The final option is to leave them in there for three or four months until the rains subside is also being considered .
The group of 13 , who disappeared when flooding trapped them in the cave they were exploring on June 23 after a soccer game , were found by rescue divers late Monday night in the cavern in northern Chiang Rai province during a desperate search .
The effort drew international help and has riveted Thailand .
Detective Superintendent Thomas Hester said the team of six divers from the Australian Federal Police faced `` incredibly challenging '' conditions .
Rescuers have asked for 15 small and extra small full face masks , leading to speculation that divers were preparing a rescue mission through the 750-metre flooded stretch of the Tham Luang Nang Non cave .
Media have been told it was too dangerous to use conventional breathing apparatus as it could easily be knocked out during the dive .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach were described as healthy and being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave . They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
It has been revealed that the boys visited the cave to attempt a local initiation rite in which they had to scrawl their names on a wall at the end of the tunnel .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , it 's clear that some areas of the sprawling cavern can not be drained , said Mr Paojinda , a member of Thailand 's ruling military junta .
In order to get them out ahead of the bad weather forecast for later in the week , they might need to use diving gear while being guided by professional divers , he said .
Mr Anupong said the boys would be brought out via the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered , and he conceded that if something went awry , it could be disastrous .
Yesterday , a video released by the Thai navy showed the boys in their soccer uniforms sitting in a dry area inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave above the water as a light held by a rescuer was shone on their faces .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safer to simply supply them where they are for now , rather than trying to have the boys dive out . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring them out , since they 're safe where they are .
A doctor and a nurse were with them in the cave .
`` We have given the boys food , starting from easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals , '' Arpakorn told a news conference .
Having them dive out of the cave was one of several options being considered , `` but if we are using this plan , we have to be certain that it will work and have to have a drill to make sure that it 's 100 per cent safe , '' he said .
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014 . Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington 's athletic department for four years . He was the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10 , covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond . He 's also been The Sacramento Bee 's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders . The native of Steubenville , Ohio , is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , N.Y. , and a 2000 graduate of the University of California , Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Football Association has confirmed the round dates for the FA Cup in 2017/18 .
The competition is set to get under way on August 5 with the extra preliminary round .
Winners of that round will then go forward into the preliminary round on August 19 .
The first qualifying round takes place on September 2 .
The second qualifying round is a fortnight later , on September 16 , with the third qualifying round two weeks later again - this time on September 30 .
National League sides will enter the competition in the fourth qualifying round , on October 14 , League Two and League One teams coming into the cup for the first round on November 4 .
The second round will be held on December 2 .
The famous third round , when Championship sides - like Aston Villa , Birmingham City and Wolverhampton Wanderers - and Premier League teams - like West Bromwich Albion - enter the competition , will be on January 6 .
The fourth round will January 27 , with the fifth round on February 17 .
Quarter-final day will be on March 17 , with the semi-finals on April 21 , and the final on May 19 .
These are the dates in full :
Extra Preliminary Round - August 5
Preliminary Round - August 19
First Qualifying Round - September 2
Second Qualifying Round - September 16
Third Qualifying Round - September 30
Fourth Qualifying Round - October 14
FA Cup First Round - November 4 .
FA Cup Second Round - December 2 .
FA Cup Third Round - January 6 .
FA Cup Fourth Round - January 27 .
FA Cup Fifth Round - February 17 .
FA Cup Quarter-Final - March 17 .
FA Cup Semi-Final - April 21 .
FA Cup Final - May 19 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Pop star Madonna has lost her battle to prevent an auction of her personal items , including a love letter from her ex-boyfriend , the late rapper Tupac Shakur , a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing her hair .
Last year , a judge ordered Got ta Have It ! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock 'n ' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order .
In a decision revealed Monday , the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed .
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim .
Advertisement
The company says the auction will be in July .
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $ 100,000 .
___
Information from : The New York Times , http : //www.nytimes.com
Swedish journalist Kim Wall is pictured Dec. 28 , 2015 , in a portrait taken in Trelleborg , Sweden . A Danish court ordered the owner of an amateur-built submarine Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 , to be held in pre-trial detention for 24 days while police investigate the disappearance of Wall , who had been on the ship before it sank . Tom Wall AP
LONDON ( AP ) `` The degenerative damage potentially caused by repeated blows to the head in soccer has been highlighted by a rare study of brains of a small number of retired players who developed dementia .
Fourteen former players were part of the research that began around 40 years ago and six brains , which underwent post-mortem examinations , had signs of Alzheimer 's disease .
Four brains were found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( CTE ) pathology , a possible consequence of repeated impacts to the brain , including heading the ball . A previous study of 268 brains from the general population in Britain found a far lower CTE detection rate of 12 percent .
The small sample size of former footballers prevented researchers from University College London and Britain 's National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery from drawing any conclusions about the dangers posed by playing soccer as they released their research .
But researchers hope the findings provide the impetus for more substantial studies in conjunction with soccer authorities . The researchers require current or retired players to be willing to take part of investigations that could take decades to produce conclusions .
`` Our findings show there is a potential link between repetitive head impacts from playing football and the later development of CTE , '' lead author Dr. Helen Ling of the UCL Institute of Neurology told The Associated Press .
`` This will support the need for larger scale studies of a larger number of footballers who need to be followed long term , looking at various aspects in terms of their mental functions , imaging of the brain and also markers that might identify neurological damage . ''
England 's Football Association said it is committed to `` independent , robust and thorough '' research , which it is jointly funding with the players ' union . The Alzheimer 's Society maintained that the latest `` results do not provide proof that heading a football , or sustaining a head injury by any other means during the sport , is linked to developing dementia . ''
`` Exercise is one of the best ways to reduce your risk of dementia and it 's important to ensure that people playing any kind of sport are able to do so safely , '' Dr. James Pickett , research head at the Alzheimer 's Society , said .
Continued below .
Related Content Jakarta clerics to issue fatwa on fake news Piranhas in Brazil savagely devour huge bull 's head Infant died of starvation after parents ' overdose deaths
Concerns have grown in Britain about the impact of head injuries after campaigning by the family of former England striker Jeff Astle , whose death at age 59 in 2002 was attributed to repeatedly heading heavy , leather balls .
Astle 's daughter , Dawn , is urging `` current footballers or families of footballers to pledge the brain '' for medical research .
`` If we had n't donated dad 's brain , we would n't know what we know now `` we would n't know what had killed him , '' Dawn Astle said . `` It 's too late for dad . The research is so important for current players and for future players . That 's why we need it .
`` I think that 's what is so very frustrating `` the fact that it 's nearly 15 years since my dad died . And the fact that nothing from any footballing authorities has been done . It is really indefensible and disgraceful . ''
At least four members of England 's 1966 World Cup-winning squad have developed dementia or memory loss .
In the United States , there has been a $ 1 billion settlement between the NFL and thousands of its former American football players who have been diagnosed with brain injuries linked to repeated concussions .
The British soccer research was instigated by consultant psychiatrist Dr. Don Williams , who started to monitor former players who were diagnosed with dementia from 1980 . From Swansea in south Wales , Williams monitored the retired players and collected data on their playing and concussion history .
`` In 1980 the son of a man with advanced dementia asked me if his father 's condition had been caused by heading the ball for many years as a powerful center half , '' Williams said . `` As the brain is a very fragile organ , well protected within the skull , this was a constructive suggestion . As a result I looked out for men with dementia and a significant history of playing soccer , followed them up and where possible arranged for post-mortem studies to be carried out .
`` The results suggest that heading the ball over many years , a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury , can result in the development of CTE and dementia . Thus the original suggestion has been shown to be of merit and worthy of further investigation . ''
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris
The replica , honoring the more than 58,000 Americans who died in the war , is available for viewing day and night through the weekend
Fog rolled in over the oceanside of Santa Barbara 's Chase Palm Park early Wednesday as members of the local chapter of Vietnam Veterans of America and volunteers worked to build the base of The Moving Wall , on display through Monday .
Peter Bie , co-chairman of The Moving Wall committee , stood off to the side to greet people and to answer questions , smiling at the work being carried out in front of him .
John Devitt , creator of The Moving Wall , had visited the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington , D.C. , and was inspired by it , and thus , The Moving Wall was constructed .
The replica is 235 feet long and holds the names of the more than 58,000 American men and women who died in the Vietnam War .
Aside from its height — the replica is 7.5 feet tall and the memorial in Washington , D.C. , is 10.5 feet tall — the replica is a mirrored image of the original .
“ You can even see your reflection , just like you can ( in the original ) , ” Bie said .
Beginning in 1985 , The Moving Wall has traveled all over the world , including all 50 states and Puerto Rico . This marks its fifth appearance in Santa Barbara .
Members of the Vietnam Veterans of America chapter are expecting a lot of visitors .
“ This year we 've had a lot of publicity , ” said Don Matter , co-chairman of The Moving Wall committee and longtime chapter volunteer and member .
The Moving Wall was put up Thursday morning after being delivered from its last location — Tallahassee , Fla . It is available for viewing 24 hours a day , Bie said . Lights will be turned on at night , and the wall will stay up until noon Monday .
In addition to the replica , a tent has been constructed to serve as a welcome center that will contain books and computers with information about each name on the wall . Volunteers will also provide paper that visitors can use to rub names onto , Matter said .
For Matter , he said he had never seen the memorial before it came to Santa Barbara in 1985 . The experience was “ probably the most moving experience I 've ever had next to getting married and watching my children be born , ” he said .
Matter has since become an active volunteer for The Moving Wall and has visited the original wall . He said he sees the experience as a way for veterans to “ take care of their demons of the war . ”
Bie agreed , saying the wall is “ all about the healing process . ”
No matter the experience a soldier had in war , he said , they all left a piece of themselves in Vietnam that they ca n't get back .
“ They just want some logic behind the war , ” he said , adding that although some questions are unanswerable , the wall provides a place to ask and reflect .
— Noozhawk intern Alexa Shapiro can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
With warm weather , dry conditions and an already active fire season , the Santa Barbara County Search & Rescue team offers the following tips to the public in the event of a fire evacuation :
1 . Plan for an evacuation with a box of supplies , including :
» One gallon of water , per person , per day
» Food ( minimum one day 's worth )
» Prescription medicine
» First aid kit , available at any pharmacy or sports or outdoors recreation store
» Personal documents ( passports , birth certificates , insurance policies , home deeds )
» Blanket
» Cash
2 . Follow the instructions of law enforcement .
» As you prepare to evacuate , park your vehicle facing outward , and carry your keys with you in case you need to leave immediately .
» Locate pets and keep them close .
» Prepare farm animals for transport .
» Move propane barbecue canisters away from your home or other structures .
» Cover up with long pants , long sleeves , boots , and a hat or bandana . Stick with 100 percent cotton if you can .
» Leave the lights on , doors unlocked and windows closed .
» Turn off gas .
» Follow the evacuation route provided by law enforcement .
3 . If you 're trapped , stay calm and call 9-1-1 .
» If you 're trapped in your car — Park your vehicle away from vegetation . Close vehicle windows , cover yourself with a blanket or jacket , and lie on the vehicle floor . Call 9-1-1 immediately .
» If you 're trapped on foot — Go to an area clear of vegetation . Find a ditch if possible . Lie faces down , and cover up . Call 9-1-1 immediately .
» If you 're trapped at home — Keep residents of the home together . Fill sinks and tubs with cold water . Keep doors and windows closed . Stay inside . Stay away from outside walls and windows . Call 9-1-1 immediately .
4 . When you return home , keep an eye out .
» Be alert for downed power lines .
» Check your residence for hidden embers or smoldering fires .
» Check propane tanks , regulators and lines before turning gas on .
Since 1950 , California wildfires have resulted in 97 deaths , 1,504 injuries and $ 2.1 billion in costs . Santa Barbara County Search & Rescue assists in the evacuation of people and animals in fires . SBCSAR has assisted the evacuation of residents and outdoors recreationalists in , among others , the recent White , Rice and Olive fires , as well as the notorious Zaca , Gap , Jesusita and Tea fires .
— Valerie Walston is a public information officer for Santa Barbara County Search & Rescue .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) `` Major Australian TV company Ten Network said Wednesday it had appointed voluntary administrators as it struggles with debt and shrinking advertising revenue .
The board of Ten Network Holdings Ltd. decided to appoint the three administrators after two of the network 's billionaire backers , Lachlan Murdoch and Bruce Gordon , advised last weekend they were not prepared to guarantee a new 250 million Australian-dollar ( $ 189 million ) bank loan when a current AU $ 200 million loan is due to expire in December .
The decisions of Murdoch , son of News Corp. chief executive Rupert Murdoch , and Gordon `` left the directors with no choice but to appoint administrators , '' Ten said in a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange .
`` This decision comes despite the Ten Group making significant progress to realize the potential sources of improvements to future earnings '' identified in a recent directors ' report , the network said .
Advertisement
The administrators will decide whether Australia 's third most popular commercial television network can continue trading or should be shut down .
`` The directors of Ten regret very much that these circumstances have come to pass , '' the network said .
Communication Minister Mitch Fifield said the government would introduce legislation into Parliament on Thursday to change Australian media ownership laws which were drafted in the 1980s to ensure media diversity .
`` The Ten Network is a wakeup call for opponents to media reform and the Ten Network has been at the forefront of those arguing over the last 18 months that we need precisely the sort of media reform package that the government is putting to the Parliament , '' Fifield told reporters .
The government plans to remove a ban on a single company owning a TV station , radio station and a newspaper in one city . Companies can own any two but not all three . The government also wants to lift a prohibition on a single company having a license to broadcast to more than 75 percent of the Australian population .
The opposition Labor Party is concerned that the changes would lead to a greater concentration of media ownership .
`` The greatest threat to the diversity of the Australian media would be an Australian media organization that did n't continue , that went out of business , '' Fifield said .
`` We want to unshackle Australian media organizations so that they 've got more options as to how they configure themselves and how they can be viable long into the future , '' he added .
Ten shares were placed in a trading halt on Tuesday .
In October , Ten posted an AU $ 156.8 million loss for the year through August , driven by a AU $ 135.2 million writedown in the value of its broadcast license , a tough advertising market and mounting costs .
Beauticians from a salon in Finedon gave up their time to give Grenfell Tower survivors a makeover to remember .
Staff from Kings and Queens Hairdressing in Burton Road joined other hairdressers to pamper more than 40 people who survived June 's high-rise blaze .
Salon owner David Downer was joined by manager Lily Adkins and apprentice Amber Brett , who went to Portobello Road in London to offer their services .
Mr Downer said : “ We got in touch with Love for Grenfell and said we were interested in doing something but they had been inundated with essentials like clothes .
“ We did a camper day for them and cut their hair – we had a great day and they did too .
“ We heard their stories and it was heartbreaking .
“ We wanted to give something back and they were really grateful , a lot of them were crying with happiness . ”
The trio , along with four of Mr Downer 's hairdressing friends , went to London on Monday ( October 2 ) for the pamper day .
As part of their trip they visited Grenfell Tower in North Kensington itself , after the fire which killed an estimated 80 people .
Mr Downer added : “ We went to Grenfell and it was unreal .
“ You see it on the news and it 's a story but you see it in real life and it 's so shocking . ”
The voluntary effort has come off the back of what has proved to be a successful year for Kings and Queens Haidressing .
In January they were awarded five stars by the official Good Salon Guide , one of just two salons in Northamptonshire to receive such an accolade .
Then in June they won ‘ Best Salon of the Year ' at the British Hair and Beauty Awards .
Mr Downer said : “ We were overjoyed that we were successful in being one of the winners as there are many categories .
“ We intend to win a lot more over the next 12 months . ”
Princeton Instruments , a leading manufacturer of low-light imaging and spectroscopic instruments , announced today the immediate availability of several brand-new , high-speed , ultra-low-noise cameras engineered for vacuum ultraviolet ( VUV ) and soft x-ray direct-detection applications . The SOPHIA-XO camera platform is specially designed for scientific applications such as VUV/EUV/XUV imaging , x-ray diffraction , x-ray microscopy , x-ray holography , x-ray spectroscopy , and x-ray plasma .
New SOPHIA-XO cameras utilize back-illuminated CCDs for direct detection of the widest range of VUV and x-rays ( ~5 eV to 30 keV ) . These new “ XO ” camera models , which are extensions of Princeton Instruments ' popular SOPHIA® product line , feature 2048 x 2048 and 4096 x 4096 formats with 100 % fill factor , up to 150,000 e- full well , > 95 % peak QE , and read noise as low as 3.5 e- rms . A 4-port , 16 MHz readout architecture allows the new cameras to deliver more than 3 full frames per second — 7x to 10x faster than previous 2-port cameras .
The SOPHIA-XO is available either with UV-enhanced coating for VUV applications or with no AR coating for soft x-ray applications . All SOPHIA-XO cameras leverage Princeton Instruments ' innovative ArcTec™ , a proprietary technology that uses air or liquid to thermoelectrically cool to -90°C .
This uniquely well-conceived and well-developed combination of high-speed , high-sensitivity capabilities makes new SOPHIA-XO cameras perfect for myriad large–field-of-view x-ray applications in laboratory , synchrotron , and OEM systems . Interfacing with UHV instrumentation is easy and convenient via a rotatable industry-standard CF flange with a high-vacuum seal design .
“ The SOPHIA-XO delivers truly outstanding direct-detection performance , ” notes Michael Melle , imaging product manager at Princeton Instruments . “ Our engineers have meticulously designed every single aspect of the ‘ XO ' to create a no-compromise camera platform that offers our customers unrivaled low-noise sensitivity with high frame rates , enabling exciting new techniques and scientific discovery . ”
SOPHIA-XO cameras are supported by Princeton Instruments ' renowned 64-bit LightField® imaging and spectroscopy software , available as a system option . LightField provides hundreds of user enhancements , including a powerful built-in math engine to perform live data analysis . LightField also permits direct control from third-party packages such as LabVIEW® ( National Instruments ) , MATLAB® ( MathWorks ) , Python® ( PSF ) , and EPICS synchrotron software .
China 's top football team vows to phase out foreign players
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
It 's nighttime in a forest in the western Indian state of Gujarat . By the light of his cell phone , camel herder Jat Saleh Amir , 18 , pumps milk from the teats of groaning camels . The milk smells strong , like gamey butter.­­­
Later , I join his family around a fire by grass reed huts . Everyone watches as I take my first sip of frothy camel milk from a steel bowl . I gag a little and smile apologetically – the milk is fatty , sour and salty . It 's nothing like any milk I 've had before . `` Tell them I like it ! '' I elbow my local interpreter Liyakat Ali Notiyar . When nobody is looking , I slide Notiyar the warm bowl . Having grown up on camel milk , he slurps it clean in an instant .
Few Indians outside this district of Kutch and its community of camel herders drink camel milk . But that 's about to change as one of India 's largest dairy brands is set to mass market it . The milk will be sourced from this community of nomadic camel herders called Maldharis who roam the district of Kutch .
Maldharis have herded camels and consumed the animal 's milk for centuries . They drink camel milk tea and serve it plain with breakfast , lunch and dinner . And they consider the milk a cure-all – they tell stories about camel milk curing everything from acid reflux to fever and pregnancy ailments . They also believe it can help manage diabetes . Elisha Harissa , 45 , who has diabetes and lives in a nearby village regularly drinks camel milk . He claims it regulates his blood sugar . A few studies suggest there may be some scientific merit to these claims – camel milk seems to help regulate insulin secretion and blood sugar levels in patients with Type1 diabetes – suggesting it could potentially be used alongside other medical treatments to manage diabetes . However , scientists are still investigating the therapeutic potential of camel milk .
Meanwhile , Amul plans to market camel milk primarily to people with Type1 diabetes . And the company 's managing director , R.S . Sodhi , is confident the product will succeed , especially given the growing number of diabetics in the country . But he acknowledges there will be challenges . The main reason : the taste . Indians may not take to the unusual taste of camel milk . Even Kutch natives used to camel milk , like Asmok Ghor , whose grandparents transported goods back and forth to Pakistan on camels , can only stomach the sour milk if it 's boiled with sugar or concealed as ice cream . `` I 'm sorry , '' Ghor says . `` It 's not about the camels , I do n't like the milk . ''
Sahjeevan is working with the local Kutch Camel Breeder 's Association to market creative camel products , including camel milk soap and camel milk chocolate . A few years ago , they even brought a European expert to teach herders how to make camel milk cheese . Amed Taju says the chocolate was a hit among the herders , but the cheese did n't take off .
The success of Amul 's efforts with camel milk may help determine the future of Maldharis . Government-imposed restrictions on grazing land in recent years , a decline in the camel-for-transport market and the mining industries ' encroachment on grazing land have led to a decline in the number of camels owned by these communities . Amed Taju , a community elder , has had to sell many of his camels to get by . Now , his herd is half the size it was five years ago . Life is hard these days , says Taju . His children are n't in school and he ca n't afford health care . `` We are poor people , '' he says . `` We are earning and eating , not saving . ''
This is where Amul can help , says Sodhi . Amul will purchase the milk for at least twice its current value , encouraging Maldharis to increase their herds . It wo n't be huge business for Amul , Sodhi says . `` But for camel herders it will be big . ''
If he 's able to sell camel milk routinely to Amul , Taju says he will build solid homes and send his grandchildren to boarding schools . `` I see a future not for my sons and daughters , '' he says . `` But for my grandson and granddaughters . ''
Shaina Shealy is a freelance multimedia journalist based in Jerusalem .
Saudi king to launch ‘ entertainment city '
Saudi King Salman will launch the construction of an “ entertainment city ” near Riyadh Wednesday , authorities said , part of a series of multi-billion dollar projects as the kingdom seeks to diversity its oil-reliant economy .
The 334-square kilometre project in Qiddiya , southwest of Riyadh , would rival Walt Disney and include high-end theme parks , motor sport facilities and a safari park , officials say .
The facility highlights a “ relentless effort to develop giga-projects that will help achieve many direct and indirect economic returns ” , project official Fahd bin Abdullah Tounsi was quoted as saying in a government statement on Monday .
Qiddiya chief executive Michael Reininger said he expects the project will draw foreign investors in entertainment and other sectors , but did not specify the total cost of construction .
Such projects are the brainchild of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , a self-styled liberal change agent who is the chief architect of the sweeping “ Vision 2030 ” reform programme .
Saudi Arabia has dazzled investors with several plans for hi-tech “ giga projects ” , funded in part by its sovereign wealth fund , but some sceptics question their viability in an era of cheap oil .
The kingdom has unveiled blueprints to build NEOM , a mega project billed as a regional Silicon Valley , in addition to the Red Sea project , a reef-fringed resort destination — both worth hundreds of billions of dollars .
Analysts say the projects could create funding pressures at a time when the government faces a yawning budget deficit and growth in the kingdom 's non-oil economy is only slowly gathering pace .
The reform stems partly from an economic motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom has been reeling from an oil slump since 2014 .
Saudis currently splurge billions of dollars annually to see films and visit amusement parks in neighbouring tourist hubs like Dubai and Bahrain .
In February , Saudi Arabia 's General Entertainment Authority ( GEA ) announced it will stage more than 5,000 festivals and concerts in 2018 , double the number of last year , and pump $ 64 billion in the sector in the coming decade .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Poundland has finally launched its £1 ‘ Twin Peaks ' Toblerone-style chocolate bar this week after a lengthy legal wrangle over its shape and packaging .
The chocolate bar was first unveiled in June but had its launch delayed after a legal challenge from Toblerone , a Swiss division of Mondelēz , formerly Kraft Foods .
Mondelēz claimed the high street giant had ripped off its iconic nougat treat .
But Poundland claimed it has a distinctive flavour compared to the classic Swiss confectionary - and is inspired by Shropshire 's Wrekin and Ercall hills not the Alps .
Poundland 's lawyers argued the shape was no longer protected under trademark after Toblerone controversially widened the gaps between its peaks earlier this year .
The row has now been settled and the budget bar will sell for £1 , the same price as Toblerone , but will contain 20 per cent more chocolate .
Poundland said half a million of the bars would go on sale in December in “ distinctive ” packaging different from the light-gold wrapper it had planned .
The deal brought to an end a three-month long legal wrangle in which Poundland tried to claim Toblerone had “ irrevocably abandoned ” its trademark when it changed the shape of its product .
The bargain retailer said it was launching ‘ Twin Peaks ' “ in response to the unfavourable reception ” that had greeted the launch of the Swiss company 's new version of the beloved bar - which had fewer chunks and thinner peaks .
“ In the last 12 months we believe our customers alone have missed out on 250 tonnes of chocolate after the size of their favourite item was chopped , ” said Poundland trading controller Chris Burns .
“ That 's why we began development on Twin Peaks in the first place .
“ Although it 's been a longer climb than we expected , we 're pleased customers will finally get to taste our Twin Peaks - 180g of delicious , British-made chocolate , for just £1 ” .
A representative of Poundland said : “ Kraft ( also the owners of Cadburys ) complained about the shape of Twin Peaks .
“ In recent years Kraft has fought hard to keep Nestle from registering the KitKat shape , but this summer it argued that it had similar rights in the Toblerone shape .
“ Poundland disagreed with this .
“ Following positive discussions , the first 500,000 bars , which will be on sale for £1 throughout December in their original shape , are set to be a collectors ' item .
“ After this Poundland will revise the shape so it better represents the outline of the Wrekin and Ercall hills - the inspiration behind Twin Peaks as a British alternative to Toblerone and offering 30g more chocolate . ”
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Emergency personnel responded late Thursday night to a report of a tree that had fallen onto a tent at a private campground along Paradise Road .
As many as six people were reported to be in the tent at the Rancho Oso Thousand Trails campground , according to emergency radio traffic , but law enforcement personnel on scene reported no one was injured .
Two Santa Barbara County fire engines and three ambulances were dispatched at about 10:10 p.m. to the scene , which is in the upper Santa Ynez River area along Paradise Road .
A request also was made for a Calstar air ambulance , but that later was cancelled .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Market Scenario
Polyurea Coatings are applied to increase the durability of substrates from external conditions . Polyurea Coatings offer various advantages such fast setting rate , more thickness of coatings , high weather resistance over conventional coatings , and eco-friendly . Furthermore , it exhibits excellent abrasion resistance , chemical resistance , moisture resistance , high strength , and corrosion resistance over conventional coatings . Growing popularity of eco-friendly products among developed countries is expected to drive the Global Polyurea Market over the forecast period . Additionally , a wide range of applications in end-use industry such as building & construction , automotive , industrial , and chemical is expected to drive the Global Polyurea Market over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
Competitive Analysis
Some of the key players in the Global Polyurea Coatings Market are VersaFlex Incorporated and The Polyurea People ( U.S. ) , The Sherwin-Williams Company ( U.S. ) , PPG Industries , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Rhino Linings Corporation . ( U.S. ) , KUDKO CHEMICAL CO. LTD. ( South Korea ) , Huntsman International LLC . ( U.S. ) , Armorthane ( U.S. ) , Rust-Oleum ( U.S. ) , SPI Performance Coatings ( U.K ) , and Lse Building Preservation Ltd ( U.K. ) .
Regional Analysis
The Global Polyurea Coatings Market is spanned across five regions namely Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , Latin America , and the Middle East and Africa .
North America is expected to be the largest market for Polyurea Coatings across the globe followed by Europe , which is further trailed by the Asia Pacific . However , Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market for Polyurea Coatings owing to the huge growth potential of emerging economies .
The Middle East & Africa is expected to witness a steady demand for Polyurea Coatings over the forecast period .
Latin America is expected to exhibit a significant demand for Polyurea Coatings in the coming years .
Receive a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5956
Market Segmentation
The Global Polyurea Coatings Market is segmented by Type , Raw Material , Technique , End-Use Industry , and Region .
On the Basis of the Type , the Global Polyurea Coatings Market is bifurcated into pure Polyurea Coatings and hybrid polyurea coatings . The hybrid polyurea coatings are projected to hold the largest share of the market due to its low cost , excellent moisture & abrasion resistance , and superior compatibility with metal & concrete structures for applications in building & construction , industrial , automotive , and chemical industry .
On the Basis of the Raw Material , the Global Polyurea Coatings Market is segmented into aromatic isocyanate and aliphatic isocyanate . The aromatic isocyanate-based Polyurea Coating is accounted for the largest share of the raw material used category due to the low cost of the product .
On the Basis of the Technique , the Global Polyurea Coatings Market is segmented into spraying , pouring , and hand mixing . The spraying technique accounted to have the largest market share in 2017 due to advantages over other techniques such as uniform coating thickness , less application time and increase performance efficiency and is expected to continue dominating the market during the forecast period 2018-2023 . Pouring technique accounted to be the second most widely used technique after spraying technique in 2017 and is expected to show significant demand during the forecast period . Moreover , hand mixing technique is adopted in areas requiring special skills such as decorative floorings , anti-static floorings , and industrial floorings , and its market is expected to show moderate growth during the forecast period .
On the Basis of the End-User Industry , the Global Polyurea Coatings Market is segmented into building & construction , automotive , industrial , chemical , and others . The building & construction segment dominated the global market in 2017 . Furthermore , it is expected to continue leading the market over the forecast period due to a broad range of applications in waterproofing buildings , waterproof roofing , car parking , decks , containment liners , bridges , dams , and offshores among others on account of high weather resistance , moisture resistance , corrosion resistance , and abrasion resistance properties
Access Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/polyurea-coatings-market-5956
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
A Hastings woman who suffers from Multiple Sclerosis is concerned a pharmacy mix-up with her medication could have been life-threatening , and wants assurances it wo n't happen to anyone else .
Christine Stark-Botherway has had MS for 10 years and , on a recent visit to a Hawke 's Bay Hospital specialist , was given a prescription for steroids .
She said she took it to her usual pharmacy to get filled but they did not have the drug available . After phoning around , the pharmacy told her the only place with the medication was the hospital pharmacy .
`` I went to ED - they would not at first let me go to the pharmacy as they did not serve the public , but in the end they told me it was alright . ''
Advertisement
A 20-minute wait ensued while the hospital pharmacist investigated her prescription , unsure the correct medication had been prescribed .
`` Usually , I take these steroids intravenously , but the doctor decided to give them to me in pill form this time so I would n't have to be admitted . ''
Eventually , the pharmacist gave her the pills in a bottle , but as she was driving home they rang her to say they had only given her five pills rather than the 25 the prescription was for .
`` I went back and they put the pills in another bottle .
`` Because I trusted them to get it right , the next morning I took five of the 100mg pills and then looked at the bottle and it said to only take one pill in the morning .
`` I got such a shock , and was worried - I rang my normal pharmacy who luckily still had a copy of my prescription and they could confirm that I was right to take the five pills . ''
She said she was concerned that such mistakes could potentially cost people 's lives , and said she had rung the hospital to tell them what had happened .
`` It concerns me that they are doling out tablets with no checks on what the pharmacist is doing - anything could be happening to patients . ''
Hawke 's Bay District Health Board chief medical and dental officer Dr John Gommas said the hospital sincerely apologised for the labelling error regarding the quantity of medication and directions for use .
He said the error was quickly identified by the dispensing pharmacist and within minutes of the patient leaving the hospital , she was contacted and asked to return .
`` At no time was the patient at harm from the medication dosage or quantity dispensed . ''
The DHB was also sorry that the patient had the added inconvenience of needing to return to the hospital , but it was important she had the correct quantity of medication .
`` The DHB acknowledges that while the pharmacist verbally instructed the patient on the changed dosage , the label was not updated , which created avoidable confusion . ''
He said Stark-Botherway had been in contacted regarding her complaint and that the DHB would keep her fully informed on an investigation process that had begun .
This situation followed a case last month when a one-month-old baby was given methadone by mistake at a Hawke 's Bay community pharmacy .
At the time a local pharmacist speaking anonymously said at a guess that mistake could have been made when transferring the medication , and provided the wrong bottle .
Countess Mountbatten of Burma has died at the age of 93 .
The countess 's father Earl Mountbatten , her 14-year-old son Nicholas Knatchbull and her mother-in-law the Dowager Lady Brabourne were all murdered by the IRA in 1979 when their boat was blown up off the coast of Sligo .
The countess , then known as Lady Brabourne , suffered serious injuries , but survived the blast , as did her husband Lord Brabourne and Nicholas 's twin brother Timothy .
A local boat boy , 15-year-old Paul Maxwell , also died .
Born Patricia Mountbatten , the countess was the Duke of Edinburgh 's first cousin .
Passed on condolences
A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said : “ The queen and the duke are aware and have privately passed on their condolences . ”
The countess died peacefully at her home on Tuesday in Mersham , Kent , surrounded by her children , her relatives said .
A statement issued on behalf of the Knatchbull and Mountbatten families said : “ It is with great sadness that we announce the death of the Countess Mountbatten of Burma .
“ Patricia Mountbatten died peacefully on Tuesday 13th June at her home in Mersham , Kent , surrounded by her children . Her husband , the celebrated film producer Lord Brabourne , died in 2005 .
“ The arrangements for a funeral in London followed by a burial service in Mersham will be announced in due course . ”
Her husband Lord Brabourne was the producer of films such as A Passage To India and Death On The Nile , and they had eight children together - including Nicholas .
She was godmother to the Prince of Wales . The then Princess Elizabeth , her third cousin , was one of her bridesmaids at her wedding in 1946 .
Cried every morning
The countess once recalled how she cried every morning on waking for about six months after the IRA bomb attack .
In a book by a bereavement charity , she referred to “ the seemingly endless black tunnel ” through which those left behind have to pass to reach “ the light that truly does appear at the end , and which we eventually found ourselves ” .
For more than 30 years she used her own personal experience of loss to help other bereaved parents , through her support of the charities Child Bereavement UK and Compassionate Friends .
Press Association
Speaking to reporters Monday afternoon , Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said that he regrets his department 's response to Saturday 's protests in the Virginia town , which left three people dead .
Part of the blame , Thomas said , was on the alt-right protesters who did not follow an agreed upon arrangement on how its protesters would enter Emancipation Park . Instead , protesters from the alt-right , KKK and neo-Nazi groups arrived from various directions , causing Thomas ' department to readjust its plans .
Charlottesville Police officers were originally deployed in their standard uniform , but were forced to wear tactical gear as protests quickly escalated into violence .
`` We were not intimidated by their power , but it was prudent to make sure the officers were equipped , '' Thomas said .
Alt-right protest organizer Jason Kessler blamed the police for allowing the violence to escalate .
`` The blame for today 's violence lies primarily with the Charlottesville government officials and the police officers who failed to maintain law and order , protect the First Amendment rights of rally participants , and provide for their safety , '' Kessler said in a statement on Sunday .
By the end of the day , one counterprotester and two police officers were killed . Heather D. Heyer , 32 , died on Saturday when a car allegedly driven by 20-year-old Ohio resident James Alex Fields Jr. plowed into a group protesting against white supremacy .
Later in the day , Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen , 48 , and trooper Berke M.M . Bates , 40 , of the Virginia State Police were killed in a helicopter accident while patrolling Saturday 's protest .
India – December 12 , 2017 – OpenMarket , a global leader in mobile messaging , is adding PizzaExpress India to its portfolio of enterprise customers . To coincide with the launch of its home delivery service , the popular Italian restaurant chain introduced SMS to improve delivery operations and better interact with customers .
The new solution highlights PizzaExpress India 's commitment to delivering a great experience for its customers across the country . Customers who place an order over the phone will receive an SMS confirmation directly to their mobile phone . Those that opt-in will then receive an update once the order has been dispatched .
A recent survey from OpenMarket shows that SMS is the number one preferred channel by millennials for notifications from businesses [ 1 ] . Research from the Mobile Marketing Association ( MMA ) also suggests that over half of all urban mobile phone owners in India use a feature phone rather than a smartphone1 . This makes SMS a great option for businesses like PizzaExpress who need a quick and cost-effective way to directly engage with their customers – without relying on expensive apps .
Apoorv Johari , OpenMarket 's Sales Director for Asia said , “ The most customer-obsessed brands are already using SMS as part of their standard alert practice . It helps them deliver great customer experiences with empathy , which is crucial for success . We are working with PizzaExpress India to do exactly that . Mobile messaging lets PizzaExpress communicate with customers the way they want and at exactly the time they need it . ”
PizzaExpress chose OpenMarket based on its mobile messaging market strength and the range of custom messaging solutions it provides . The company 's previous success with Club Mahindra and Ginger Hotels demonstrated OpenMarket as a powerhouse of enhancing business-to-consumer relationships .
Gunjan Singh , Head of Marketing for PizzaExpress India said , “ The solution that OpenMarket brings to India is the perfect fit for our customer base and helps to streamline our delivery operations . We understand that creating an effective solution for delivery notifications is best done through a timely and ubiquitous mobile messaging platform . With SMS , we can easily keep our customers in the loop , at exactly the right moment . ”
PizzaExpress plans to expand the service to include updates on delivery delays , further refining the customised messages . By providing an instant , reliable and convenient platform for mobile messaging , OpenMarket helps PizzaExpress to meet and exceed customer expectations .
For further information , please contact :
Anshuman Bordoloi
+ 91 7846944709
Anshuman.bordoloi @ madisonpr.in
About OpenMarket
OpenMarket helps the biggest brands in the world use mobile messaging to connect with their customers in the moments that count . When they need to be there and be responsive in real-time . When customer experience is n't just a buzzword : it 's an obsession . OpenMarket combines a powerful , scalable and reliable platform with a deep understanding of how text messaging can transform business processes . It works closely with clients to deliver timely , useful and context-sensitive mobile messaging that surprises and delights their customers around the world at massive scale . OpenMarket calls this the Empathetic InteractionTM and It 's changing the way enterprises engage with their customers . With trusted relationships with mobile operators across the globe , OpenMarket offers faster time to market , and ongoing support for its enterprise customers . OpenMarket is an Amdocs company and is headquartered in Seattle , Washington , with regional offices in Detroit , London , Sydney , Pune , and Guadalajara .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Heavy rains that flooded some Houston streets on July Fourth are expected to subside .
National Weather Service meteorologist Patrick Blood says the city saw heavy rainfall early Wednesday that led to 1 to 2 feet ( 0.3 to 0.6 meters ) of water collecting on some roads in west Houston . But the rain is expected to subside by afternoon .
Blood says the flooding is typical for Houston and wo n't come close to the devastating floods caused last year by Hurricane Harvey . If the rain continues as it has , the impact should be minor .
He says while more rain is expected in the coming days , it likely wo n't be as much .
Advertisement
The rains caused the city to call off its July Fourth concert and festival , but the fireworks display is still on .
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe , a lesbian couple , realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing . Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie 's Facebook
Photo by Alecs Ongcal
Manny Pacquiao is reeling from another loss , even if the result was highly controversial , and he 's plotting another comeback .
The former eight-division world champion wo n't be facing a top-10 fighter as he looks to re-establish himself at age 39 following the defeat to Jeff Horn . And it looks like Pacquiao 's opponent is already lined up .
Sources told RingTV.com that Mike Alvarado is the front-runner to land the assignment , and when Bob Arum was asked if the action fighter is indeed the foe , he did n't deny it .
“ Yeah , [ Alvarado ] is a possibility , ” Arum told RingTV.com . “ I 've spoken to Manny and we 're working on getting him back in the ring in the spring . ”
Alvarado ( 38-4 , 26 knockouts ) has resembled a shot fighter . The 37-year-old struggled with journeyman Sidney Siqueira in August before scoring a spectacular knockout , and Alvarado does n't own a notable since out outlasted Brandon Rios in the rematch of their trilogy .
The Denver native was stopped by Ruslan Provodnikov in a brutal war after the win over Rios , and that was just the first of three consecutive , lopsided losses .
Juan Manuel Marquez dropped Alvarado and outpointed him . And then Rios needed just four rounds to take him out .
So if the goal is for Pacquiao ( 59-7-2 , 38 KOs ) to win and do so going away , Alvarado seems like the perfect foil .
Terence Crawford is gearing up for his welterweight debut against Jeff Horn on April 14 at Madison Square Garden , and there 's talk the fight could appear on pay-per-view with Pacquiao-Alvarado in the co-main .
However it pans out , Pacquiao will be back soon , ready for one more run in his legendary career .
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com . Follow him on Twitter : @ MikeCoppinger
Permanent TSB has agreed to allow some of its distressed mortgage holders stay in their homes under a mortgage to rent scheme offered by an organisation called Home for Life .
This follows a similar scheme with two David Hall organisations , the Irish Mortgage Holders Association ( IMHO ) and iCare , which will ultimately allow customers defaulting on their mortgage stay in their homes as long-term tenants .
Home for Life , authorised by the Minister for Housing , Planning and Local Government , is initially targeting up to 500 households equating to a fund of approximately €100 million .
The voluntary , confidential scheme is available to distressed mortgage holders eligible for social housing and currently residing in a home where they wish to continue living but are unable and unlikely to pay their mortgage .
The Home for Life scheme enables a property to be sold to the group then leased back to the State through the local authority which sublets the home to the original homeowner . the leases are for 25 years in duration . Rents are set at 95 per cent of market rents .
“ The appointment of Home For Life is a significant step towards a scaling of mortgage to rent to meet the needs of more borrowers in mortgage distress . It offers the flexibility of private funding with the trust and assurance that comes from having a local authority as landlord , ” said Damien English , Minister of State with special responsibility for Housing and Urban Development .
Paul Cunningham , the organisation 's chief executive , said it has been engaging with “ key stakeholders ” in the Irish banking and social housing sector for over two years .
“ Working with our financial advisers we have developed a scalable , private funding model capable of meeting market demand for mortgage to rent with no impact for the State 's balance sheet , ” he added .
Initial funding from the scheme has come from the principals involved , including Charles O'Reilly Hyland and Paul Cunningham . When assets are purchased it is expected that additional funds will be raised .
The company was advised by Davy Corporate Finance and it is understood they have been in discussion with parties for funding hereafter .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Several unions in Puerto Rico and other groups on Tuesday sued the federal control board overseeing the U.S. territory 's finances and demanded that it be declared unconstitutional .
The filing came just days after the board approved seven different fiscal plans that will serve as economic blueprints for Puerto Rico 's government and public agencies in upcoming years . The plans contain new austerity measures the island 's government has refused to implement , including a 10 percent cut to a public pensions system facing nearly $ 50 billion in liabilities .
The lawsuit filed in federal court also names the U.S. government and Puerto Rico 's governor as defendants . It asks that the fiscal plans approved last week be suspended along with debt renegotiations until the island 's public debt is audited .
`` That level of debt is incomprehensible , '' attorney Rene Pinto Lugo , who is also a bondholder , told reporters . `` How are we going to lead and rebuild ( Puerto Rico ) if we do n't even know what happened with the $ 70 billion ? The first step is to determine what happened . ''
Advertisement
He noted that Puerto Rico 's government has not published audited financial statements since fiscal year 2014 .
In addition , the lawsuit seeks to have the control board and local government temporarily barred from selling the island 's power company as announced earlier this year . The suit also contends that two of the board 's seven members should be removed because of an alleged conflict of interest .
Board spokesman Jose Luis Cedeno declined comment .
The board was created by Congress nearly two years ago in part to oversee the restructuring of a portion of Puerto Rico 's public debt as part of a bankruptcy-like process . Puerto Rico is mired in an 11-year recession and is struggling to recover from Hurricane Maria , which hit as a Category 4 storm on Sept. 20 and caused more than an estimated $ 100 billion in damage .
Pinoy pop singers Kuh Ledesma and Zsa Zsa Padilla , joined by comedians Nanette Inventor and Mitch Valdes , are bringing their international tour Diva 2 Diva to Chumash Casino Resort 's Samala Showroom , 8 p.m. on Friday , Aug. 3 . Tickets for the show are $ 45 , $ 55 and $ 65 .
The success of the Diva to Diva tour dates back to November 2002 when Ledesma and Padilla first shared the stage at the Philippine International Convention Center .
The combination of the two top-notch singers was so astounding , it has since been restaged in major cities in the U.S. , Canada and Australia .
Ledesma , known in the Philippines as the Pop Diva , has been performing for 35 years , including some 1,000 international concerts , numerous awards and 20 albums in the Philippine recording industry .
She was the first Filipino singer to become a recipient of the Salem Music Awards in London in March 1989 .
As the daughter of famous actor and sportsman Carlos “ Sonny ” Padilla , Jr. , Padilla has always been in the spotlight . She was originally part of the Manila Sound band , Hotdog , and eventually went solo in 1982 .
She quickly found success , releasing multiple gold and platinum records throughout her career , including “ Unchanging Love ” and “ Sentiments. ” She later began acting and has had a very successful career in both film and on television .
What makes this reunion particularly special is that the two women will be joined for the first time by comedians Inventor and Valdes . Known as the divas of comedy , these two are the most enduring and brilliantly hilarious ladies in the Filipino entertainment industry .
Located on Highway 246 in Santa Ynez , the Chumash Casino Resort is an age 21-and-older venue . Tickets for all events are available at the Chumash Casino Resort 's Club Indulge or online at www.chumashcasino.com .
— Caitlyn Baker for Chumash Casino Resort .
Corby Council will be holding a third public meeting on Monday ( July 9 ) to give people the opportunity to hear more about the proposals to reform local government in Northamptonshire .
The council has put the extra meeting on as part of the consultation process in response to requests from residents in the borough .
It will take place from 5.30pm to 6.30pm on Monday at the Beanfield Community Centre in Beanfield Avenue , Corby .
Council leader Cllr Tom Beattie will be at the meeting to give information and answer questions assisted by the authority 's chief executive Norman Stronach .
The meeting is an opportunity for the residents of Corby to find out more about the current situation surrounding local government reorganisation in Northamptonshire and to ask questions about what this means for the people of Corby .
Cllr Beattie said : “ Corby Borough Council is undertaking their own consultation as well as being part of the county wide consultation process that is also taking place .
“ This is the most important change to local government in years and it affects all residents and businesses in our borough and the county .
“ We have been pleased with the amount of feedback we have received from our residents so far , however it is a complicated issue and therefore we are more than happy to be able to add this extra public meeting to ensure residents have the opportunity to ask questions directly .
“ We hope that many will decide to come along and that they can walk away from it more informed about the situation . ”
Questions will be taken on the evening but can also be sent in prior to the meeting .
The answers to these questions will then be responded to on the evening and will be put on Corby Council 's website so those that ca n't attend can still get involved .
Any questions can be sent to kim.buzzard @ corby.gov.uk .
People can also get further information from a dedicated page on the council website at www.corby.gov.uk/singletier .
Corby Council 's consultation is still open and residents will be able to respond until Friday , July 13 .
There is also a petition style document available to sign and leave comment at the Corby Cube front desk .
Responses will be used to inform Corby Council 's final response to the Secretary of State .
Corby 's consultation is being held in addition to the countywide consultation that all Northamptonshire authorities are a part of - this countywide consultation is open until July 22 .
People are being encouraged to have their say via the countywide consultation by going online to complete a questionnaire at www.futurenorthants.co.uk or you can pick up a copy of the consultation document at :
- Corby Library and Danesholme Library
- Corby Cube helpdesk
- Corby East Midlands International Pool
- Lodge Park Sports Centre
- Community centres
Sept. 9 , 2016 , Los Angeles , Ca . -- - # 1 Pound-for-Pound Fighter in the World and WBC Flyweight World Champion Roman `` Chocolatito Gonzalez , ( 45-0-0 , 38 KOs ) and Undefeated WBC Super Flyweight World Champion Carlos Principe Cuadras , ( 35-0 , 38 KOs ) weigh in fir their upcoming world title main event on Saturday , September 10 at The Fabulous Forum in Los Angeles , live on HBO World Championship Boxing ® . Featured in the co-main event following their epic 2016 Fight of the Year candidate this past April 15 at the Belasco Theater in Los Angeles , Jesus Soto Karass will once again battle Yoshihiro Kamegai , ( 26-3-2 , 23KOs ) in a 10-round junior middleweight clash . The first clash resulted in a split decision draw . Both bouts will be televised live on HBO World Championship Boxing beginning at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT . Tickets for this outstanding evening of professional boxing priced at $ 300 , $ 200 , $ 100 , $ 50 and $ 25 are now on sale through Ticketmaster ( Ticketmaster.com , 1-800-745-3000 ) and the Forum Box Office . Gonzalez vs. Cuadras is presented by K2 Promotions in association with Teiken Promotions . Kamegai vs. Soto-Karass 2 is presented by Golden Boy Promotions and Teiken Promotions . -- - Photo Credit : Chris Farina - K2 Promotions
GLENDALE , Calif. — Roman Gonzalez is officially on the comeback trail .
The former pound-for-pound king is once again pairing up with Gennady Golovkin for HBO 's doubleheader on May 5 in Carson , California , at StubHub Center . Chocolatito will face former titleholder Pedro Guevara in a 10-round fight at 115 pounds , Gonzalez 's promoter , Tom Loeffler , told THE RING on Monday .
“ It 's not an easy fight , ” said Loeffler , who was at Glendale Fighting Club to promote the middleweight title fight between GGG and Vanes Martirosyan . “ A lot of people wanted to see him come back in an easy fight , but he wanted to fight on HBO , and he realizes to be on HBO , he 's got ta fight someone who 's credible .
“ Just because Chocolatito lost to Srisaket [ Sor Rungvisai ] does n't mean that he could n't beat everybody else in the division . ”
Gonzalez is looking to extend his career , one that will undoubtedly lead him to the hall of fame . He won titles in four weight classes and did so in dominant fashion . His remarkable success led him to HBO and ushered in an era where 112-pound fighters were routinely featured on the network .
Gonzalez ( 46-2 , 38 knockouts ) was long recognized as the best fighter in the sport regardless of weight , but then he lost in consecutive outings to Sor Rungvisai last year . The Nicaraguan dropped a debated decision — and his 115-pound title — in the first bout , but in September , he was left in tatters after a devastating fourth-round knockout .
At 30 years old , in a division where fighters age more quickly , it 's unclear just how much Gonzalez has left to give . But he 's ready to prove his time at top is n't done yet , beginning with the bout against Guevara .
The 28-year-old Mexican traveled to Japan in October to challenge Ken Shiro for a 112-pound title , but he was turned back via majority decision . Now , Guevara ( 30-3-1 , 17 KOs ) will move up three pounds for a life-changing opportunity .
“ If he can beat Chocolatito on HBO , you see what happened to Srisaket [ Sor Rungvisai ] , ” Loeffler said . “ He can launch his career that way . ”
It 's Guevara 's HBO debut , but it 's Gonzalez everyone will be focused on . This will be the fifth time Gonzalez fights on HBO programming alongside Golovkin , once — and perhaps again — a formidable TV duo .
Time waits for no man , but Gonzalez 's legion of fans hope he has enough left for one more ride .
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com . Follow him on Twitter : @ MikeCoppinger
The Federal Reserve is punishing Wells Fargo .
The Fed said late Friday that it will restrict the bank 's growth in light of `` widespread consumer abuses , '' including its notorious fake-accounts scandal .
Wells Fargo wo n't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act .
`` We can not tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank , '' outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement . Friday is her last day on the job .
Wells Fargo will replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of the year . In addition , the bank must improve its risk management .
The bank agreed to the Fed 's conditions under what 's known as a consent decree .
Related : Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
In a statement , Wells Fargo said it is `` confident '' it can meet the Fed 's requirements .
Wells Fargo has admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating 3.5 million potentially fake accounts . The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance .
-- CNNMoney 's Matt Egan contributed to this report .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
The triennial Dublin International Piano Competition is catching up . Last time around , in 2015 , it chose its first ever female winner , France 's Nathalia Milstein . This week , 30 years on from the first competition in 1988 , it chose its first Asian winner when it awarded its €15,000 first prize to 22-year-old Sae Yoon Chon from South Korea .
The groundbreaking Chon , a pupil in Toronto of the competition 's artistic director and jury chairman , John O'Conor , not only took the top prize but was also awarded the €1,000 Mai Hannon Prize for the best performance of a work by Liszt .
The second prize went to 19-year-old Evren Ozel from the United States ( who also won prizes for his playing of Mozart and Chopin ) , the third to Alexey Sychev ( 29 ) , a Russian pupil of jury member Jan Jiracek von Arnim , and the fourth to Aristo Sham ( 22 ) from Hong Kong .
Sham also won the RTÉ NSO Prize , judged by the members of the orchestra , for the best performance by a finalist other than the prizewinner . For my money , his handling of Prokofiev 's Third Concerto with the NSO under Andrew Mogrelia also outclassed the winner 's playing of Prokofiev 's Second .
American Evren Ozel took second place in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Stars overnight
The batch of prizes for the highest-placed Irish competitor went to Eoin Fleming ( 20 ) , another O'Conor pupil , who also took the prize for the best performance of one of the specially-commissioned test pieces , Deirdre Gribbin 's Unseen . I found myself more taken by the musical balance that Kazakh Alim Beisembayev ( 20 ) brought to Conor Linehan 's Intermezzo .
Winning an international piano competition is no longer the sure route to fame that popular imagination still seems to assume it is . In their heyday the Chopin in Warsaw , the Tchaikovsky in Moscow , the Van Cliburn in Fort Worth and the Leeds had the apparent ability to create stars overnight .
They were operating in a world where the total number of international piano competitions held each year was still below 50 . By the time Dublin arrived on the scene in 1988 it had risen to about 100 .
Today the annual number is pushing 350 and the grand total of such competitions is in the region of 900 – the disparity is explained by the fact that most of them are triennial or quadrennial . In other words , new first prizewinners are being crowned at the rate of nearly one a day .
Winning is a personal triumph and a genuine career boost for the lucky player . Competition organisers can bask in the glory of the career boost they provide to their winners . And the work of competitions serves other laudable goals , too . But no normal individual in their right mind is going to try to track the artistic and career achievements of so many winners . The sad fact is that the proliferation of competitions has long been inimical to the kind of high public that made competitions so attractive in the first place .
Crunch the numbers for a moment . The Dublin competition allows about 60 players into its first round and has multiple applicants for each of those places . The overall pool of wannabe competitors runs well into the thousands and most of those who fail to win a prize face career prospects as performers that are not exactly enticing .
This is the unromantic reality of the world which both the competitors and the competitions themselves have to negotiate . The competitions compete among themselves , too , in the business of attracting the best competitors . It 's all not a million miles away from the cliché of the aspiring Hollywood actors who spend their lives waiting tables in Los Angeles . And the same rules about good luck and the indefinable X-factor definitely apply .
Russian Alexey Sychev finished third in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Aristo Sham from Hong Kong finished fourth in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Distaste
The jury voting system in Dublin involves no ranking of individual players by individual jurors during the first three rounds . The results can be as crude as you would expect from the first past the post system that is involved . Both the enthusiasm and distaste any juror may feel for any particular player is ignored .
The outcomes predictably tend to be weighted against individuality and imagination in favour of the safer centre ground . Because the voting in Dublin is not made public , there 's a tendency for people to think of the jury as a homogenous entity . The truth is different .
At Tuesday 's final , O'Conor revealed that eight of the 11 jury members had placed Chon first , the highest number since Antti Siirala 's unanimous win in 2003 . You can extrapolate from this that dissent within the jury about the winners in 2006 , 2009 , 2012 and 2015 was at the very least about 35 per cent .
From the point of view of technical delivery , the level at this year 's competition was probably the highest ever . Musically , it was less interesting . There were only a few players I would have wanted to hear a full recital from . Neither of the two who made it to the semi-finals , Anna Geniushene and Aris Blettenberg , survived beyond that point . Both are players with an extremist streak , as is Tomer Gewirtzman , who exited after the second round .
Though I found myself willing to overlook these players ' miscalculations , I can see why others might respond differently . The immediate and future reputation of the competition – and O'Conor confirmed that funding for 2021 is already in place – now rests in the sure and safe hands of Sae Yoon Chon .
mdervan @ irishtimes.com
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for his junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft .
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference 's top returning scorer , averaging 17.6 points per game last year , when he was an honourable mention for the all-ACC team .
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA .
By The Associated Press
All season long , the Wenatchee boys swimming and diving team has repeatedly found itself in the winner 's circle . As the Panthers prepare for this weekend 's 4A state tournament at the King County Aquatic Center in Federal Way , they know doing so again is a long shot . But with a large group consisting of a handful of fantastic freshmen and a few key veterans heading across the mountains to compete , Wenatchee knows it has the potential to do something special .
While…
Lars talks to Jim Wheeler , CEO of Global Supertanker , the company who produces firefighting jetliners and talks with him about the recent contract the company has signed with the Oregon Department of Forestry to fight future wildfires .
RELATED CONTENT
LISTEN : Brigitte Gabriel – What Does Pompeo Bring To The Iran Deal And Middle East Chaos ?
LISTEN : David Bozell – Who Should Replace RINO Ryan As Speaker Of The House ?
LISTEN : Shawn Meehan – Why Do You Think The US Constitution Needs To Be Guarded Against The Federal Government ?
LISTEN : Linda Katwjik – Should The Special Olympics Punish Their Athletes For Being Too Good ?
LISTEN : Andy Keiser – Are Dems Playing Mindless Partisan Games By Blocking Pompeo As Secretary Of State ?
Lars Thoughts : Democrats are Making Peace with North Korea Very Difficult
Now residents are fighting back .
BOKOSHE , OKLA.—On the edge of Bokoshe , population less than 500 , sits a hill about 60 feet high , covered partly with soil . From a distance , it could be a natural part of eastern Oklahoma 's rolling hills . But this mound is n't like the others : It 's made of toxic fly ash , a coal byproduct from electricity production , generated by power company AES . The fly ash fills in an unlined , abandoned strip mine at a site also used to dump wastewater from fracking . When it rains , the waste runs into nearby lakes and tributaries of the Arkansas River .
According to Physicians for Social Responsibility , fly ash contains a range of heavy metals , from arsenic to lead to mercury , some of which are linked to cancer .
Residents of Bokoshe have been trying to stop the pollution for years , only to meet with denial at the corporate and state levels . No one in power , it seems , will admit it 's a problem .
That has n't stopped Tim Tanksley , 73 , a Vietnam vet born and raised in Bokoshe . He and his neighbors call their representatives , file complaints with the Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality ( ODEQ ) and have appeared on state PBS affiliate OETA .
On March 30 , he shares a video he 's made with Connie Johnson , a former state senator and Our Revolution-endorsed candidate for governor , showing how , on a windy day , fly ash coats the grass that cattle eat like a blanket of fresh snow . Also meeting Tanksley and Johnson are half a dozen other Oklahomans , some of whom have driven hundreds of miles to share their own towns ' struggles with pollution . Tanksley drives our group out to the pit entrance , passing two empty fly-ash trucks leaving the site . He points out houses as we pass . “ That lady has a lymphoma , ” he says , then points to the next house and lists more cancers . When we get to the fly ash hill , he shows how the runoff goes into a lake where cattle drink . The ranchers sell the cattle at market anyway : “ When we go to the sale barn , we do n't say , ‘ Hey people , these cows have been eating grass covered in fly ash , ' ” says Tanksley . “ We 're not gon na kill ourselves. ” AES has been operating the coal-powered Shady Point Generation Plant near Bokoshe since 1992 , but it farms out the removal of the fly ash coal waste to “ Making Money Having Fun LLC , ” a commercial disposal company . The Oklahoma health department says the rate of cancer in Bokoshe is no higher than anywhere else in the state . To residents who have seen their friends and neighbors die , that is hard to accept . “ [ The state ] structured their research so they did n't find anything , ” Bob Sands , a veteran journalist now at OETA , tells In These Times . He explains that the state only looked at cancers linked to arsenic and chromium-6 , not at those linked to other heavy metals found in fly ash . While the ODEQ suggests that Bokoshe residents should report problems to it , Sarah Penn , deputy general counsel at the ODEQ , told OETA , “ If it 's not within our jurisdiction… we ca n't do anything. ” The problem , says Sands , is that the state 's original deal to bring AES to Oklahoma placed it under the control of the Department of Mines , not ODEQ . “ A lot of the environmental problems we have [ were ] swept under the rug because of Scott Pruitt , ” says Dana Bowling , 52 , a resident of Longtown who came to meet Johnson and see the hill of fly ash . Before he was tapped for EPA chief , Pruitt , as Oklahoma 's attorney general , led an anti-regulation crusade that included eliminating his office 's Environmental Unit . The state has also given coal companies so many tax credits that it provides more state revenue to the industry than it collects , costing the state more than $ 60 million between 2010 and 2017 . Johnson blames “ a system that is heavily influenced by well-connected special interests. ” She adds that , as governor , she would work to remediate environmental disasters in Bokoshe and elsewhere . At the end of the tour , Tanksley takes Johnson and the others to a local cemetery . A number of the graves are fresh . Tanksley points to them one by one and tells life stories that end in cancer .
Drugs , a sum of cash and a semi-automatic shotgun have been seized in Dublin as part of a Garda operation targeting organised crime .
On Monday , gardaí observed the firearm being handed over between two vehicles in the Finglas area . The vehicles were stopped and the weapon was recovered .
A man ( 31 ) and woman ( 53 ) were arrested and are being detained at two different Dublin Garda stations . They can be held for 72 hours .
In follow-up searches , a “ substantial ” amount of cocaine worth about €140,000 was recovered , along with suspected heroin and a mixing agent with an estimated value of €900,000 ( subject to analysis ) .
The seizure was the result of an intelligence-led operation targeting an organised crime group in Dublin south and west , according to gardaí .
Investigations are continuing .
The convent school the Derry Girls attend is fictionalised , but everyone in the city knows it is based on Thornhill College on the Culmore Road , near the Border with Donegal .
Written by past pupil Lisa McGee , Channel 4 's hit comedy series follows the antics of four teenage friends – and a “ wee English fella ” – growing up and going to school in Derry in the 1990s .
These days Thornhill has no teaching nuns , and lessons take place in a new , modern building , but eagle-eyed watchers of Derry Girls have spotted that the crest on the green uniform blazer bears the grammar school 's motto : Adveniat regnum tuum [ Thy kingdom come ] .
And while today 's students may not have soldiers boarding their school buses at British army checkpoints as McGee would have experienced , it seems some things have not changed .
“ It 's so relatable , ” says Ciara McCartney , who is studying A-level drama at Thornhill . “ We do n't have nuns any more , but the students are still the same and have the same sense of humour .
“ I love whenever you 're watching it and you see them having a conversation and you 're thinking , my mammy says that all the time . ”
Referring to an early episode in which the teenage characters are unfazed when armed soldiers board and inspect their schoolbus , she says : “ I loved the way that when the soldiers came on the bus it was just normal .
“ When you 're speaking to your mammy and daddy and they say things like how they 'd walk out the door and there 'd be a soldier sitting there and they just had to get on with it , you ca n't imagine it , but then you see it and it 's real . ”
Her classmate Therese Conway agrees . “ The Troubles is like the cameo on the show and it 's the personalities that are the stars , ” she says .
Different light
Student Aoibhinn O'Doherty adds : “ When you see the Troubles on television they 're all black and white , but then Derry Girls is all vibrant and colourful and shows it in a different light . ”
In Derry , there is pride – and also some relief – that this is the version of the city which is not only being viewed but also embraced on British television .
“ Whenever you hear there 's going to be a series set in the Troubles you think ‘ oh no ' , because some of them are really bad , ” explains drama teacher Maeve Connolly .
“ You think it 's going to be every cliché under the sun and I think everybody who watched it on the first night was hoping they were n't going to cringe , but then Lisa McGee is from Derry , she 's a Derry girl , and it 's just so positive . ”
If Derry Girls has rewritten the story of Derry to some extent , then it 's also turned some real-life Derry girls into ambassadors for the city .
“ I took some students to a debate in Ballymena [ Co Antrim ] last week and some of the other schools had watched the show and it was great because you could see our girls fluffing up their feathers and saying , ‘ yeah , that 's us ' , ” says Ms Connolly .
These days , Ms Connolly 's drama class even has its own “ wee English fella ” , much like the fish-out-of-water Derry Girls character James , cousin of one of the female protagonists , who is played by Dylan Llewellyn .
Ryan McGinn is one of several boys from St Columb 's College who study drama with the Thornhill girls as part of a shared learning programme .
“ James felt like a very relatable character to me , ” he laughs . “ Coming to an all-girls school and being a boy is the best thing and the worst thing that could happen to you .
“ You 're going to get some slagging , but it 's all in good faith , and you get the best of both worlds . There are a good few perks of coming to a girls school . ”
Eye-opener
His family moved to Derry a few years ago and he admits he has worked hard to acquire the accent , but says the series has been an eye-opener for his relatives back in England .
“ At first they did n't really understand it . My granny was saying we talked too fast , and we kept saying ‘ wee ' all the time , and what does ‘ wee ' mean ?
“ It was a bit of a learning curve for them over there but I think they 've caught on now and it 's shown them we do n't live in the Troubles any more .
“ It was so hard to explain to them what it was like in Derry , but now we have the show to explain for us . ”
Meanwhile , Maria Laird , who plays the precocious first-year who refuses to budge when asked to give up the coveted back seat of the bus in the first episode , is still attending Thornhill .
“ That happens on our bus every day , so I did n't really have to act it out , it 's just what happens , ” she says. “ Nobody believes I 'm 18 . They 'll say to me , ‘ How are you enjoying first year , love ? ' and I 'll say , ‘ That was six years ago ! ' ”
So successful that a second series was commissioned after only one episode , the popularity of Derry Girls has sparked comparisons to that acme of Irish comedy success on a British channel , Father Ted .
Derry Girls concludes on Thursday at 9pm on Channel 4 .
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge 's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question , says 'Our country 's so innocent ? '
A GWANDA gold panner has refused to pay maintenance for his one-year-old child saying three other men that his ex-lover had dated were claiming paternity .
Mafios Mleya of Jessey Mine told a court that two other men from the same mining compound and Ms Terrence Sibanda 's ex-boyfriend were all claiming to be the father of her child .
Mleya , who appeared before Gwanda magistrate , Ms Nomagugu Ncube , said he wanted a paternity test before paying maintenance .
“ I was staying together with the applicant at the mine compound when she fell pregnant . Whilst the pregnancy was still in its early stages , she fell in love with a man who stays in the same compound . She left me and went and stayed with this man , ” said Mleya .
“ After she gave birth another man from the compound demanded the child from the man that she was staying with . As a result they separated with the man that she was staying with . There is another man who was calling the applicant demanding the same child and when I asked , she said the man was her ex-boyfriend . ”
Mleya said these developments had left him confused on whether the child was his or Ms Sibanda had slept with other men while they were staying together resulting in the pregnancy .
“ At this moment I 'm not sure whether she was impregnated by me or by another man . We might have been staying together when she fell pregnant but she could have been sleeping with other men . I want a paternity test in order to pay maintenance because I do n't want to be cheated into raising a child who is n't mine , ” he said .
In response , Ms Sibanda denied the claims of infidelity . She said she fell in love with Mleya in 2016 and never had sexual intercourse with another man until they separated .
Ms Sibanda said Mleya had never contributed towards the child 's upkeep since he was born and he was using the paternity test as an excuse to evade paying maintenance .
She begged the court to grant her $ 100 for maintenance for the upkeep of her child .
Giving judgement on the matter , Ms Ncube ordered Mleya to pay $ 45 in maintenance each month after he said he could not afford $ 100 as he had a family . She advised both parties to go for a paternity test on or before October 30 . Chronicle
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has received a lifetime achievement award from a prominent Jewish organization .
Ginsburg cited Holocaust diarist Anne Frank among others in a speech at Wednesday 's ceremony in Tel Aviv that touched on her fight for women 's rights and quoted from Jewish traditions and history .
Ginsburg , 85 , has served on the Supreme Court since 1993 . She is just the second female justice and often cites her Jewish heritage as a source for her love of learning and sensitivity to the plight of oppressed minorities .
The Genesis Prize Foundation noted Ginsburg 's `` groundbreaking legal work in the field of civil liberties and women 's rights '' when it announced the winner in November . The foundation sponsors the annual Genesis Prize — an award informally known as the Jewish Nobel .
The actor stepped into the role after Kevin Spacey was accused of sexual misconduct .
Christopher Plummer has described J. Paul Getty as “ cold as ice ” in a new featurette about the role he took over from Kevin Spacey .
The Sound Of Music star stepped in to the role after director Ridley Scott axed Spacey from the final edit after allegations of sexual misconduct were made against the House Of Cards star .
Scott had wrapped shooting on the film when the allegations emerged , prompting him to begin last-minute re-shoots with Plummer .
Delve into the shocking true story behind # AllTheMoneyInTheWorld . At Cinemas January 5. pic.twitter.com/cSALGvldxC — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 ( @ SonyPicturesUK ) December 11 , 2017
The quick re-shoots , at a reported cost of $ 10 million ( £7.4 million ) , will allow the film to meet its planned release on December 22 in the US , to be eligible for awards consideration , and January 5 in the UK .
The film , about the kidnapping of Getty 's 16-year-old grandson in 1973 , also stars Michelle Williams and Mark Wahlberg .
Williams plays the younger Getty 's mother , who desperately tried to convince the billionaire oil tycoon to pay the ransom .
She just wanted her son back . # MichelleWilliams is Gail Getty in # AllTheMoneyInTheWorld pic.twitter.com/8jMO3nBGH3 — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 ( @ SonyPicturesUK ) December 3 , 2017
In the new video Plummer describes the story as “ an old fashioned fairytale , ” adding : “ Getty absolutely worshipped money . ”
Footage from the film shows the tycoon saying : “ I have 14 grandchildren . If I start paying ransoms I will have 14 kidnapped grandchildren . ”
In one month , # ChristopherPlummer is J. Paul Getty in # AllTheMoneyInTheWorld . At Cinemas January 5. pic.twitter.com/fR1zvSEIUK — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 ( @ SonyPicturesUK ) December 5 , 2017
Dressed casually on set in a black and grey sports top over a blue t-shirt , paired with a dark King Lear baseball cap , Plummer said : “ He had a completely unsentimental attitude toward the kidnapping .
“ There was some sort of logic in there even though it was as cold as ice . ”
All The Money In The World is released in UK cinemas on January 5 .
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Brummie has lashed out at a `` new trend of parking '' sweeping parts of the city .
Great Barr and Kingstanding have been hit by the `` epidemic '' , according to locals .
One resident , wishing to remain anonymous during his interview with the Great Barr Observer , expressed his concerns .
The man told how drivers are parking their cars wholly across the pavement and on corners - making it dangerous for other motorists .
He has also photographed on particular motorist dumping their car AT a set of traffic lights in Kingstanding .
The unnamed resident said : `` Unfortunately the police force do not believe it is their problem , which is strange because I did n't think you could drive on the pavement .
`` Maybe the next time I go up town I will save myself the parking fee at the Bullring and just slap my car on the pavement – maybe I 'm being a little cynical ? ''
The Great Barr resident has sent photographs of cars parked in the Old Oscott and Pheasey estates , with vehicles blocking pavements .
`` Winster Grove is particularly bad , '' he added , `` cars parked are from the local units , including the new gym which has no parking facilities .
`` How can this be right when a pedestrian has to walk in the road ?
`` Greggs at Kingstanding Circle , there 's people parking on the crossing or use the crossing ramp to mount the pavement – they are clearly unable to walk more than 20 metres for a sausage roll !
`` But , seriously , how is this allowed to happen ?
`` The pavement is not for cars and does not form part of passing your test or Highway Code . ''
`` There is definitely a new trend of parking the whole car on the pavement these days , '' the resident added .
`` I guess it 's cheaper than getting your drive done .
`` I remember the days when you could n't play football on the grass , now they are free-for-all car parks , examples being Queslett Road , between the Old Horns and Buffett Island ; Rough Road and outside Kingstanding sorting office .
`` How do people get past these vehicles with push chairs and wheelchairs ? ''
What does the law say ?
The fines for parking on the pavement are common practice in parts of London and could now be rolled out to other parts of the UK , including the Birmingham City Council area .
The Local Government Association ( LGA ) , which represents 370 English and Welsh councils , is calling for authorities to be handed powers to help tackle drivers who leave their cars mounted on kerbs , paths and verges .
Motorists caught could be slapped with an expensive parking ticket .
Individual councils would decide how much to fine kerb mounting motorists , but it is likely to be treated the same way as any parking fine .
Councils can fine motorists for kerb parking where vehicles are causing an obstruction , or if they leave their car next to yellow lines , currently .
Local authorities can also use traffic regulation orders to ban pavement mounting in specific areas - but that takes a lot of time and red tape .
In London , councils have been fining pavement parking drivers for 40 years .
Motorists are banned from leaving their cars on kerbs unless a London borough has given them permission to .
The LGA is calling for the rest of England and Wales to follow suit .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — It 's a bittersweet morning for the songwriters of `` Remember Me '' from `` Coco . ''
Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez learned of their Golden Globe nomination just as a bomb exploded on the New York City subway . The couple said they turned on the television to watch the Globe nominations when news of the Port Authority explosion broke Monday .
This is the second nomination for the songwriting pair , who were previously recognized for `` Let It Go '' from `` Frozen . ''
Anderson-Lopez said they are now at work on `` Frozen 2 '' and the Broadway version of `` Frozen . ''
Advertisement
The couple says it 's a `` giant thrill '' to be nominated , but they did n't plan to do much celebrating . Their cat is terminally ill and may be put down today .
Anderson-Lopez said they planned to sing `` Remember Me '' to him .
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaiʻi Governor David Y. Ige and Lt . Governor Shan S. Tsutsui have proclaimed February 14 – 21 , 2017 “ Hawaiʻi Public Radio Week. ” The proclamation asks “ the people of the Aloha State to join us in tuning in to the two locally grown HPR stations ” and recognizes HPR for delivering “ the highest standards of independent broadcast journalism , music and entertainment. ” It goes on to list the station 's 35 years of accomplishment and community service . The Proclamation may be found in full at bit.ly/hprweek .
Hawaiʻi Public Radio Week coincides with the start of a historic program realignment on HPR 's two stations . On February 14 , for the first time , HPR-1 and HPR-2 will broadcast two separate and distinct formats . The group of frequencies collectively known as “ HPR-1 , ” which have long carried the popular drive-time news magazines from National Public Radio , will focus on news and information programming , augmented by local and national talk shows , as well as entertainment , jazz , blues , and world music . Alternatively , HPR-2 has been dubbed “ your home for classical music ” and , as of the 14th , will provide an uninterrupted classical music environment 24 hours a day . Detailed program schedules may be found at hawaiipublicradio.org .
Dr. Tyrie Jenkins , chair of HPR 's Board of Directors , states “ We are immensely grateful for the recognition from the Governor 's office and share his appreciation of the station 's staff of ‘ dedicated professionals who work toward engaging and informing the public about current affairs , music and entertainment . ' ”
Jenkins continues , “ What we celebrate on the 14th is the legacy of our visionary HPR founders , whose original intention was to serve the entire state with two programming streams , one for news and another for classical music . It took us 35 years , but every inch of HPR 's expansion from a single broadcast studio in Honolulu to the current fifteen facilities across the islands is also a reflection of the faith and generosity of our local community – countless individuals , businesses , and foundations who prove the ‘ public ' in public radio . ”
The realigned schedules have provided HPR a variety of new programming opportunities . Flagship programs “ Morning Edition ” ( on HPR-1 ) and “ Morning Café/Morning Concert ” ( on HPR-2 ) have each been extended by half an hour . New programs have been added , including the widely syndicated midday news program from WBUR and NPR “ Here and Now ” ( HPR-1 ) , as well as a new HPR-produced music program “ Classical Pacific ” ( HPR-2 ) , which will feature the orchestras , opera companies , and classical artists of the Pacific region . The entire suite of local talk programs , from the public affairs/arts and culture show “ The Conversation ” to the showcase of Hawai ‘ i 's tech industry “ Bytemarks Café , ” will enjoy encore broadcasts in order to make them accessible to more radio listeners .
HPR President and General Manager José A. Fajardo explains , “ The goal of this program realignment is , first and foremost , about our mission to enrich our community with the unique news and cultural programming we offer . There is another goal , however , and we 'll be completely transparent about it : we want our audiences to listen longer , because that leads to station loyalty , and loyalty leads to financial support . ”
Along with the new formats for its two stations , the station rolls out a new logo and free mobile app ( “ Hawaii Public Radio ” ) available for iOS and Android devices . Said Fajardo , “ The new visual is a re-voicing of HPR 's enduring qualities . You 'll see in the logo a reflection of HPR 's roots in this place and how we 're enfolded in the public 's trust . It also tells the story of HPR as a bridge : our sound waves and digital tools bringing the world to Hawai ‘ i and Hawai ‘ i 's stories to the world . Both the logo and the app demonstrate a refreshed HPR looking forward to the future . ”
The mobile application was developed by Public Media Apps and , besides live streaming , gives on-demand access to individual stories and programs ( including some no longer carried on HPR ) . The app also includes a donation link which gives the user the option to immediately connect to the station via phone or online form .
Programming and re-branding decisions were made after analysis of data made available to HPR from National Public Radio , audience measurement services , a membership survey conducted by Hawai ‘ i research and consultancy firm SMS , and multiple “ town hall ” meetings with station constituents . The logo was designed by Noa Emberson of Onward Creative .
The station has a corps of “ phone concierges ” available to answer listeners ' questions about the program realignment . Special hours for these phone lines at ( 808 ) 955-8821 are listed at hawaiipublicradio.org . Comments and questions may also be submitted online at bit.ly/hprrealign .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Market Highlights :
The segmentation on the basis of hardware includes sensors , RFID tags and others . The RFID tags are used in shops and brand stores to prevent unwanted stealing of clothes or other accessories . Sensors are used in most of the retail shops owing to numerous benefit of that includes low cost , effective motion sensing , low power consumption , long life spam and fast response time is boosting the market of sensors in proximity marketing . The most important property of sensor is it resistant to high temperature and in chemically reactive element is fuelling the growth of sensors in Proximity Marketing Market .
Growing market of e-commerce sector and rise in digitization is boosting the proximity marketing . By hardware segment , sensors and RFID tags is witnessing the highest market share . According to the study , rising demand for technologically driven retail stores is fueling the proximity marketing . The Proximity Marketing Market is expected to gain considerable market share in BLE beacon and GPS geo-fencing . Geo-fencing marketing and sales channels provide customers with an interactive and highly personalized experience that boost the sales of online shopping is one of the prime factors driving market growth . According to the study , advanced used of location based marketing in retail sector is fueling the market . The emerging technology such as cloud computing , IOT and analytical tools is fuelling the proximity marketing .
According to Market Research Future Analysis , proximity marketing market has been valued at approximately USD 52 Billion by the end of forecast period with approx . 28 % of CAGR during forecast period 2017 to 2023 .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3909
Major Key Players :
Apple Inc. ( U.S . )
Google Inc. ( U.S . )
Microsoft Corporation ( U.S . )
Qualcomm Inc. ( U.S . )
Zebra Technologies Corporation ( U.S )
Bluvision Inc. ( U.S . )
Estimote Inc. ( U.S . )
inMarket Media LLC ( Italy )
Proxama PLC ( U.K . )
ROXIMITY ( U.S . )
Regional Analysis :
The regional analysis of proximity marketing market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific , North America , Europe and Rest of the World . North America is one of the leading player in the proximity marketing owing to major presence of major market players in the region followed by Europe .
North America region is leading owing to advanced technology implementation and adoption of cutting-edge technology in advertisement sector . Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing region in the proximity marketing owing to increased investment by developing countries in the region .
Proximity Marketing Market Segmentation :
The proximity marketing market has been segmented on the basis of region that includes North America , Asia-Pacific , Europe and Rest of the World . In North America region , retail sector is witnessing considerable market share owing to adoption of proximity marketing in upscale stores and shopping malls .
BLE beacon tools are used in some retail stores to prevent unwanted stealing of clothes and accessories and . Most of the retail stores in the region are using GPS geo-fencing application to increase customers in the store that is one of the significant factor driving market growth in the region .
Proximity Marketing Market ( MRFR ) Research Analysis :
By software segment , proximity marketing market is segmented into content management system . Enterprises are using content management system to enhance business by increasing customers and facilitate with multiple user platform . It improves the business website by providing easy option for site change and enable users by providing numerous design change options .
It also enhances business marketing plan by offering tools through which businesses can have quick response from customers and seamless page management . It offers integrated workflow management platform by reviewing and approving content . If the user want to change the content of website , by using content management system they just need to change it once for it to be updated throughout the site .
Market Research Analysis :
The proximity marketing market in North America region is growing due to high adoption of proximity marketing tools in retail and healthcare sector . The invention of proximity marketing is gaining popularity among youths due to busy work schedule and changing lifestyle is driving the market in the region . According to the study , Europe region is one of the prominent player in proximity marketing market due to emergence of e-commerce industries from the region .
Asia-Pacific market is estimated to be one of the fastest growing market as government is continuously investing into research and development of proximity marketing . Increasing IT landscape is boosting the market in the region . Developing countries such as India and China are adopting proximity marketing at a large scale owing to increasing IT infrastructure , robust industrialization that is boosting the market in the region . By software segment content management system and location analytics is driving the proximity marketing .
Browse Full Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/proximity-marketing-market-3909
Intended Audience :
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Table of Contents
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
Continued… .
List of Tables
Table 1 Proximity Marketing Market , By Component
Table 2 Proximity Marketing Market , By Technology
Continued… .
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Type
Figure 2 Proximity Marketing Market : By Component ( % )
Continued… .
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
DETROIT ( AP ) `` The women 's gymnastics coach at Michigan State University suddenly announced her retirement Tuesday , a day after she was suspended for what her boss described as her `` passionate defense '' of a sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years .
Kathie Klages has also been mentioned in lawsuits by two women who claim she brushed off complaints of abuse by Dr. Larry Nassar in the late 1990s .
Klages is `` extremely distressed '' by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in `` harm 's way , '' her attorney , Shirlee Bobryk , said in a statement .
`` Out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular , Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone 's best interests for her to retire from her current position at MSU , '' Bobryk said .
It 's one of the biggest developments on campus since Nassar was fired by Michigan State in September and more than two dozen women and girls filed lawsuits against him . In two separate criminal cases , he 's charged with sexually abusing a girl at his Lansing-area home and possessing child pornography .
Nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations by female athletes in Michigan and elsewhere . He was also a longtime doctor with Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians .
Klages ' suspension after 27 years as gymnastics coach was announced Monday without any elaboration from Michigan State . But the school shed more light Tuesday in a letter written by athletic director Mark Hollis , who acknowledged her retirement .
Hollis explained to Klages that she was suspended because of what he had learned about her Sept. 12 meeting with her gymnasts .
`` You shared with the team your highly emotional sense of shock regarding the allegations against Dr. Nassar . That resulted in several student-athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed messages , '' Hollis wrote .
Continued below .
Related Content Your views : Readers letters ' Political Roundup : Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Diana Clement : With insurance , it pays to read fine print
`` Others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the situation . While I acknowledge you provided student-athletes with information about reporting to the Office of Institutional Equity , your passionate defense of Dr. Nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team , '' Hollis said .
A message seeking comment about Hollis ' letter was n't immediately returned by Klages ' attorney .
Earlier , Bobryk said Klages will cooperate fully in any police investigation of Nassar or lawsuits against him .
`` Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat her team members . Had she ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar , she would have reacted immediately to protect her gymnasts , '' Bobryk said .
___
Follow Ed White at http : //www.twitter.com/edwhiteap
THE Zimbabwe National Liberations War Veterans ' Association ( ZNLWVA ) has recommended the readmission of former war veterans ' leader Cde Jabulani Sibanda , former Cabinet Ministers Cde Rugare Gumbo and Cde Didymus Mutasa into the association and ruling Zanu-PF party .
Addressing a provincial war veteran meeting at Masvingo Polytechnic on Saturday , ZNLWVA national commissar Cde Francis Nhando said some of its members were wrongly expelled from the party on allegations of belonging to the Gamatox cabal in 2014 .
He said these members were supposed to be readmitted into the association and the party .
“ There are some of our members who were expelled from the party on allegations for belonging to the former Vice President Dr Joice Mujuru 's Gamatox cabal by Mr Robert Mugabe , the former President . Their crime was of seeing problems in the party ahead of the rest of us , otherwise they did not commit any crime , ” said Cde Nhando .
“ At the top of our list , we want former chairman Cde Jabulani Sibanda back in the association and the party . He was instrumental during the party 's 2013 general elections and during the One Million Men March held in Harare . We also have Cdes ; Gumbo and Mutasa who deserve the same treatment because they are our members , so are Cde Kudakwashe Bhasikiti and Retired Colonel Claudius Makova , ” he said .
Zanu-PF secretary for war veterans Cde Victor Matemadanda , who was the guest of honour at the meeting , advised the association to write a letter to his office to formalise the mentioned cadres ' readmission .
“ We support the readmission of all who were dismissed by former president Mr Robert Mugabe back into the association and the party Zanu-PF . I therefore ask the vice chair of the association to write a letter with the names of those that have to be readmitted . The letter should be copied to the secretary for administration , ” said Cde Matemadanda .
He said for the first time Zimbabwe had a genuine leader in the person of President Emmerson Mnangwagwa .
“ We have come here to share with you the character of the new dispensation , as war veterans . For the first time in the history of Zimbabwe , we now have a true leader , President Mnangagwa . There is a vast difference between a leader and a ruler , Mr Mugabe was a ruler and you know how a ruler behaves , ” he said .
Cde Matemadanda reiterated that Mr Mugabe should apologise to war veterans for disrespecting them and disregarding their role in Zanu-PF politics .
He said Mr Mugabe only believed in himself and wanted his “ ill-mannered ” wife , Mrs Grace Mugabe , to lead the country that many sacrificed for during the war of liberation .
Cde Matemadanda urged war veterans to also campaign to be National Assembly members or councillors under the Zanu-PF ticket in the forthcoming harmonised elections expected soon .
He challenged Zanu-PF members to respect war veterans and help each other to campaign vigorously for President Mnangagwa and the party . Herald
The United States government has warned North Korea against carrying out any “ provocative actions , ” after Pyongyang said it was putting the final touches on a new intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) capable of reaching the US mainland .
The Pentagon issued a toughly worded statement on Sunday , asking “ all states ” to react and show the North that its actions would have “ consequences . ”
The warning came only hours after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un announced the regime 's plans to test the new ICBM .
“ We are in the final stages of test-launching the intercontinental ballistic missile , ” he was quoted as saying by AFP , describing his country as a “ military power of the East that can not be touched by even the strongest enemy . ”
In its response , the Pentagon advised Pyongyang to “ refrain from provocative actions and inflammatory rhetoric that threaten international peace and stability . ”
It also highlighted that “ multiple UN Security Council resolutions explicitly prohibit North Korea 's launches using ballistic missile technology . ”
Pyongyang has defied the pressures to stop its nuclear and missile programs by insisting on its right to develop the technologies for “ self-defense . ”
Pyongyang will continue to boost its military capacity , Kim said , until Washington puts an end to its regular military exercises in the region with rival South Korea .
The Pentagon , however , reaffirmed America 's “ ironclad commitment ” to its allies in the region , noting that Washington would resort to “ the full spectrum of US extended deterrence capabilities ” to keep that promise .
The US has long been deploying advanced weaponry to South Korea under the pretext of defending the country against the North 's aggression .
Although experts are divided over the success rate of North Korea 's ICBM tests so far , they all agree that the secretive country has made enormous strides in achieving the know-how .
Pyongyang has also prompted alarms in Washington by carrying out a series of successful nuclear tests . It has also reported major breakthroughs in developing new types of nuclear warheads .
By James Agberebi :
Nigeria striker Gbolahan Salami scored his first goal of the new Finnish league season as his club KuPS edged visiting FC Inter Turku 2-1 in a first division clash on Monday , Completesportsnigeria.com reports .
It was KuPS ' first win of the season after two rounds of games .
Salami scored in the 30th minute to put KuPS 1-0 up but his Nigerian teammate Azubuike Egwuekwe conceded an own goal to level the score for FC Inter Turku .
But in the 78th minute , Ats Purje scored the winner to give KuPS the win which lifted them to sixth in the league table .
Super Eagles 2014 FIFA World Cup squad member Reuben Gabriel was an unused substitute for KuPS .
And in action for FC Inter Turku was another Nigerian player Philip Njoku
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
The absence of a prosecution witness on Monday stalled the ongoing trial of a former Governor of Oyo State , Rasheed Ladoja , for alleged N4.7 billion money laundering charge at a Federal High Court , Lagos .
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) is prosecuting Ladoja alongside a former State Commissioner for Finance , Waheed Akanbi .
Read Also : Alleged N4.7bn laundering : Court resumes trial of Ladoja , ex-finance commissioner
The duo was arraigned on Dec. 14 , 2016 before Justice Mohammed Idris on an eight-count charge bordering on N4.7 billion money laundering .
Both pleaded not guilty to the charges and were granted bails .
However , at the resumed hearing of the case on Monday , the EFCC Prosecutor , Mr Oluwafemi Olabisi , apologised that he could not proceed because of the absence of his witness , a director in the service of Oyo State Government .
Olabisi told the court that the witness was attending a meeting with the World Bank in Lagos but had pleaded to be in court on Tuesday .
He urged the court to adjourn the case until March 20 and March 21 as the dates were already set down for the continuation of the trial .
Read Also : Buhari 's visit : Rivers youths pile petition for presidency
Mr Bolaji Onilenla and Mr Adeyinka Olumide-Fusika , counsel to the first and second defendants , did not object to the request for an adjournment , but urged the prosecuting counsel to ensure that his witnesses were in court on the agreed dates .
Justice Mohammed Idris adjourned the case until March 20 and March 21 for continuation of trial .
The defendants are alleged to have conspired , siphoned and laundered N4.7 billion from the coffers of Oyo State .
The EFCC is also accusing the defendants of converting the sum of N1.9 billion belonging to the state to personal use , using the account of a company — Heritage Apartments Ltd — to commit the crime .
It claimed that they retained the money sometime in 2007 in spite of their knowledge that it was proceeds from a criminal activity .
Ladoja was accused of removing 600,000 pounds from the state coffers in 2007 which he allegedly sent to Bimpe Ladoja , his daughter , who was in London at the time .
In addition , the ex-governor was also accused of converting a sum of N42 million belonging to the state to his personal use and subsequently used same to purchase an armoured Land Cruiser jeep .
Ladoja also allegedly converted N728 million and another N77 million at different times in 2007 to his personal use and transferred the money to Bistrum Investments to purchase a property in Ibadan on his behalf .
The offences contravened Sections 14 , 16 , 17 ( a ) and 18 ( 1 ) of the Money Laundering ( Prohibition ) Act , 2004 . ( NAN )
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria 's colorful , often kooky , scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
KACHEMAK , Alaska ( AP ) – A composting project could make one Alaska city much cleaner and greener if successful .
The Peninsula Clarion reported ( http : //bit.ly/2tgWlki ) Sunday Kenai Peninsula officials approved a resolution at its June 6 meeting supporting a demonstration project in Kachemak City that will take food waste from 20 Homer-area businesses and compost it rather than send it to Central Peninsula Landfill .
The project is authorized for one year to start and can be cancelled at any time . But the project wo n't continue if it does n't save the borough any money over transporting waste to the landfill .
The only part the borough will fund is the container rentals and the hauling costs through a contractor . The physical land for the compost site is being donated by Kachemak City-based construction company Gregoire Construction .
Over the final 17 games in 2018 Ryan had only six points and those all came within a couple weeks of each other . Throw those out and Ryan was on a 50 point pace . Ryan has battled through three different hand injuries the last year , and somehow has had seven different hand injuries the last four years . Ottawa was terrible last year , but Ryan Stimson 's passing data shows Bobby Ryan to be a decent player . ( 2017 on the left , 2018 on the right ) .
Ryan is a 31 year old winger and was the # 2 pick in the 2005 draft behind Sidney Crosby . In Ryan 's last 124 games over two seasons he has 24 goals and 34 assists for 58 points . As a frame of reference that 's about Mattias Janmark levels of production .
Trading for Erik Karlsson is a complicated process made even more complicated by the Ottawa Senators insisting that teams take winger Bobby Ryan as part of a deal . This has been a persistent theme since the trade deadline when the Vegas Golden Knights almost acquired the duo . As far as I 've heard the Stars are n't taking Bobby Ryan back despite that likely being the easiest path to completing a deal , and they have good reasons not to want any part of Ryan .
Erik Karlsson even had a bit of a decline in his most of his metrics last season . The Senators were just really bad . Ryan performs similarly to Brett Ritchie , but he 's a much better passer and worse defensively . This is n't a bad player . If you get 2017 Ryan you 're in good shape .
The image to the right is from Micah Blake McCurdy 's hockeyviz.com . The profile breaks down the role a player fits into and shows the impact a player has on the game . Ottawa gave Ryan second line ice time at even strength , and in primary points ( primary assists and goals ) he almost performed at the rate of a first liner at even strength . He did n't get many secondary assists because , again , Ottawa was really bad . Ryan does n't do much of anything on the powerplay either which is a bit odd .
Ryan is due $ 7,500,000 in each of the remaining four years of his contract , which is why the Senators want to attach him to an Erik Karlsson deal . Ottawa paid a $ 2,000,000 signing bonus on Sunday , and he 's due one every July 1st for the remainder of his deal . The price tag is hefty , particularly given what he brings production wise , but he is n't an awful player . The Stars could get some use out of him , and perhaps even revive him with better linemates with a chance of moving him next offseason .
Adding Ryan with Karlsson would push the Stars about $ 4,100,000 over the salary cap assuming Mattias Janmark signs , and closer to five million over with a 14th forward added to the roster . The Stars could then move Spezza to get back under the cap , but that opens up another hole at center . Martin Hanzal on long term injured reserve is an option if he is n't healthy enough to play , but even that barely would give the Stars enough room .
A more likely and reasonable option is asking Ottawa to retain some of the salary owed to Ryan . The Senators would be allowed to retain up to 50 % of what is owed to Ryan , meaning the Stars theoretically could take Ryan on at $ 3,600,000 which is much more in line with his skills . The Stars would still likely need to move Spezza and find a second line center , but it seems like that is part of the plan anyway given how aggressively they pursued John Tavares and Paul Stastny .
From everything out there the Stars are n't taking Bobby Ryan back , but if that is the difference between getting Erik Karlsson or not then the Stars should seriously consider it if they can get Ottawa to retain any of the salary . Ryan at a lower salary is moveable . If he ends up sticking around he 's a fine player to have in depth .
The Stars are right on the cusp of trading for Erik Karlsson . They ca n't let an opportunity like this slip away over Bobby Ryan .
According to a new market report published by Lucintel , the future of the thermoplastic unidirectional tape market looks attractive with opportunities in the aerospace & defense , transportation , sporting goods , industrial , and other industries . The thermoplastic unidirectional tape market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.9 % from 2018 to 2023 . The major growth driver for this market is increasing use of thermoplastic composites because it offers recyclability and processing benefits , such as ability to remold , shorter cycle time , and no emission of volatile matter .
In this market , aerospace & defense , transportation , sporting goods , and industrial are the major end use industries . Lucintel forecasts that the transportation will remain the largest end use industry by volume , and it will also witness the highest growth during the forecast period . Increasing demand for lightweight materials to achieve higher fuel efficiency and reusable and recyclable materials for environmental benefits are driving growth for this segment over the forecast period .
By reinforcement type , glass fiber based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment , and carbon fiber is likely to witness the highest growth in the forecast period supported by increasing usage of lightweight materials in aircraft components .
By resin type , PEEK resin based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment by value and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period due to its growing use in the aerospace and defense industry .
North America is expected to remain the largest market by value and volume and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period because of rising penetration of thermoplastic unidirectional tape in major end use industries .
Emerging trends , which have a direct impact on the dynamics of the industry , include the continuous innovation and development of new products and applications . Cytec Solvay Group , QIYI Technology , Polystrand ( Polyone ) , TenCate , Toho Tenax , and Celanese are the major companies in the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market .
Lucintel , a leading global strategic consulting and market research firm , has analyzed the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry , reinforcement type , resin type , and region , and has compiled a comprehensive research report entitled “ Growth Opportunities in the Global Thermoplastic Unidirectional Tape Market 2018-2023 : Trends , Forecast and Opportunity Analysis. ” The Lucintel report serves as a spring board for growth strategy as it provides a comprehensive data and analysis on trends , key drivers , and directions . The study includes a forecast of the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry , reinforcement type , resin type , and region as follows :
By End Use Industry [ Volume ( M lbs ) and Value ( $ Million ) from 2012 to 2023 ] :
• Aerospace & Defense
• Transportation
• Industrial
• Sporting Goods
• Others
By Reinforcement Type [ Volume ( M lbs ) and Value ( $ Million ) from 2012 to 2023 ] :
• Glass Fiber
• Carbon Fiber
• Other
By Resin Type [ Volume ( M lbs ) and Value ( $ Million ) from 2012 to 2023 ] :
• Polyether- Ether-Ketone ( PEEK )
• Polyamide ( PA )
• Polypropylene ( PP )
• Polyphenylene Sulfide ( PPS )
• Others
By Region [ Volume ( M lbs ) and Value ( $ Million ) from 2012 to 2023 ] :
• North America
• Europe
• Asia Pacific & The Rest of the World
This 130-page research report will enable you to make confident business decisions in this globally competitive marketplace . For a detailed table of contents , contact Lucintel at +1-972-636-5056 or helpdesk @ lucintel.com . Lucintel offerings include Advanced Materials Reports , Composite Materials Market Report , Opportunity Screening and Analysis , Capital Investment Feasibility and SWOT Analysis .
This report answers following 10 key questions :
Q . 1 . How big are the opportunities for the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry ( aerospace & defense , transportation , sporting goods , industrial , and others ) , by reinforcement type ( glass fiber , carbon fiber , and others ) , by resin type ( PEEK , PA , PP , PPS , and others ) , and region ( North America , Europe , and Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World ) ?
Q . 2 . Which segments will grow at a faster pace and why ?
Q . 3 . Which region will grow at a faster pace and why ?
Q.4 . What are the key factors affecting market dynamics ? What are the drivers and challenges of the market ?
Q.5 . What are the business risks and threats to the market ?
Q.6 What are emerging trends in this market and the reasons behind them ?
Q.7 What are some changing demands of customers in the market ?
Q.8 . What are the new developments in the market and which companies are leading these developments ?
Q.9 . Who are the major players in this market ? What strategic initiatives are being taken by key companies for business growth ?
Q.10 What are some of the competitive products and processes in this area and how big of a threat do they pose for loss of market share via material or product substitution ?
Q . 11 . What M & A activity has occurred in the last five years and what has its impact been on the industry ?
ROME ( AP ) — Italy 's president , who is holding and playing a key card in the nation 's fast-evolving political crisis , was a timid law professor abruptly thrust into public life when the Mafia gunned down his brother on a Sicilian street in 1980 .
In the decades since , Sergio Mattarella has developed a reputation as a principled politician who has transformed what was viewed as a mainly ceremonial office into the dynamic role of defender of Italy 's place in Europe .
Mattarella , 76 , a former parliamentary law professor and Constitutional Court jurist , came under verbal attack this week from his country 's populist politicians — and citizens who want them to take power . They allege the president is thwarting the will of the people as expressed at the ballot box on March 4 .
Earlier this week , Luigi Di Maio , who leads Parliament 's largest party , the euro-skeptic 5-Star Movement , raised the specter of impeaching Mattarella . The threat came after the president refused to submit to populist demands to appoint , as economy minister , an advocate of a backup plan for Italy 's exit from the euro currency .
Advertisement
Mattarella stood his ground , as did Di Maio and fellow populist Matteo Salvini , who demanded the euroskeptic economy minister be part of what would have been the nation 's first populist government . As head of state , the president has constitutional authority to name the premier and approve new ministers .
His refusal to bow to pressure reflects his character and courage of convictions , those who have followed Mattarella 's career say .
Mattarella is someone `` with strong , deep values , '' said Sergio Fabbrini , director of the school of government at Rome 's private LUISS university . `` His family was a bourgeois family that stood up to the Mafia and refused to compromise '' with the powerful organization based in Sicily .
In his native Palermo , Mattarella and his family were ready for Epiphany Day Mass in 1980 , when his older brother , Piersanti , then governor of Sicily , was assassinated in his car on one of the city 's most elegant streets . Sergio Mattarella rushed to the car , cradling his brother , still breathing , in his arms .
Until that moment , the future president `` had been a shy law professor , '' said Paolo Pagliaro , an Italian journalist . `` That day signaled the start of the public life of Sergio Mattarella . ''
Three years later , Mattarella entered Parliament . In some ways , he seemed the classic Christian Democrat , stressing moderation and compromise . His politics tilted toward the center-left .
But as he climbed the political ladder , Mattarella also left no doubt that on some matters , there could be no compromise .
In 1990 , he quit his post as education minister to protest a law that helped to pave the way for Silvio Berlusconi to assemble a media empire , including all three of Italy 's main private TV networks .
That decade saw the main political parties , including the Christian Democrats , swept from power by the Clean Hands corruption probes .
`` All the public institutions were shaken . The only institution that guaranteed the state was the president of the Republic , '' Fabbrini said in a telephone interview .
The head of state is elected by Parliament and serves a seven-year term .
The new prestige translated into a growing role for Italy 's head of state , which developed into `` a sort of guarantor of internal equilibrium and the reference point for European politics , '' he said .
Thus , Mattarella , who was serving as a Constitutional Court judge before being elected president in 2015 , not only defends the 1948 Constitution , but European constitution as well , said Fabbrini .
Mattarella 's willingness to accommodate different viewpoints — but also to draw lines he wo n't cross — ultimately played out in the current political crisis .
In rebuffing the populists ' demands , Mattarella evoked a sense of justice , describing how the markets ' turmoil was eroding Italians savings and driving up business loan costs .
The populist narrative , Fabbrini said , depicts institutions like the presidency as `` the bastion of the elite '' and the `` enemy of the people . ''
In a critical moment , Mattarella crafted an alternative narrative .
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Astronomers are set to scan an `` alien '' comet for signs of extraterrestrial technology .
The cigar-shaped asteroid , named `` Oumuamua '' by its discoverers , sailed past Earth last month and is the first interstellar object seen in the solar system .
A team of alien-hunting scientists , led by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner , will scan the comet this week before it sails beyond the reach of Earth 's telescopes , according to the Daily Mail .
Traveling at 44km a second , the comet is headed away from the Earth and sun on its way out of the solar system . Photo / Nasa
They say they are looking for radio signals , claiming the mysterious visitor could be an alien spaceship .
Advertisement
Milner , the business mogul behind Breakthrough Listen , a $ 100 million ( NZ $ 388.8m ) search for intelligent extraterrestrial life , received an email about the object last week from one of his chief scientists , the Atlantic reports .
`` The more I study this object , the more unusual it appears , making me wonder whether it might be an artificially made probe which was sent by an alien civilisation , '' Professor Avi Loeb , the chair of Harvard 's astronomy department and one of Milner 's advisers on Breakthrough Listen , wrote in the email .
Professor Loeb said the space rock 's peculiar elongated shape is odd for a common space rock but ideal for a ship flying between star systems .
Breakthrough Listen has now announced the program will scan Oumuamua this week for signs of radio signals .
`` Researchers working on long-distance space transportation have previously suggested that a cigar or needle shape is the most likely architecture for an interstellar spacecraft , since this would minimise friction and damage from interstellar gas and dust , '' the research firm said in a statement .
`` While a natural origin is more likely , there is currently no consensus on what that origin might have been , and Breakthrough Listen is well positioned to explore the possibility that Oumuamua could be an artefact . ''
Traveling at 44 kilometres per second , the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system . Photo / NASA
The alien-hunting project will use the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia for its investigation .
The object is now twice the distance between Earth and the sun from our planet , but even at this range the Green Bank Telescope can pick up the slightest signal .
Milner and his team want to measure the object before it extends beyond the reach of Earthbound scanning equipment .
The object will fly past Jupiter next year , and will hurtle beyond Pluto by the 2020s .
`` Whether it 's artificial or not , we will definitely know more about this object , '' Milner told the Atlantic .
Oumuamua , also known as Comet C/2017 U1 , baffled scientists when it flew past Earth at breakneck speed in November .
It was first spotted by a telescope in Hawaii on 18 October , and was observed 34 separate times in the following week .
Travelling at 44 kilometres per second ( 27 mph ) , the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system .
The comet is up to one-quarter mile ( 400 meters ) long and highly-elongated - perhaps 10 times as long as it is wide .
That aspect ratio is greater than that of any asteroid or comet observed in our solar system to date .
But the comet 's slightly red hue — specifically pale pink — and varying brightness are remarkably similar to objects in our own solar system .
While its elongated shape is unusual , it may provide new clues as to how other star systems in the universe formed .
The observations , part-funded by Nasa suggested this unusual object had been wandering through the Milky Way , unattached to any star system , for hundreds of millions of years before its chance encounter with our star system .
`` For decades we 've theorised that such interstellar objects are out there , and now – for the first time – we have direct evidence they exist , '' Thomas Zurbuchen , associate administrator for Nasa 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington , said in a statement in November .
`` This history-making discovery is opening a new window to study formation of solar systems beyond our own . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police have confirmed they are investigating emails `` making bomb threats '' which have been sent to a number of schools in the West Midlands .
The force said a number of schools were sent the emails on Monday morning but would not confirm which schools or colleges .
It has been stressed that `` at this stage it is believed they are false and malicious '' .
Thousands of students and staff were ordered to leave Walsall College at around 11.30am on Monday .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It followed a threat to the college that a bomb was on the premises .
The college has confirmed the evacuation in a tweet , saying more details and information will follow shortly .
The incident at Walsall follows reports that several other schools and colleges across the UK have also been the subject of bomb scares .
Official statement from police
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said : `` We are investigating emails sent to a number of schools in the West Midlands this morning ( Monday 19 March ) making bomb threats −At this stage it is believed they are false and malicious .
`` At around 9:45am emails started to be sent to schools and colleges across the region making the threat .
`` A police investigation is on-going to find those responsible .
`` We would ask you to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour to police by calling 101 . ''
Kangana Ranaut is ringing in her 31st birthday today . The actress is currently shooting for 'Manikarnika , ' which is slated to release later this year . Kangana 's last release Simran may have earned a mixed response at the Box Office . But , Kangana 's character of a kleptomaniac divorcee was well appreciated , by both critics and fans . Be it through her power-packed performances , umpteen awards and accolades , or her bold statements - Kanagana is always making headlines . Kangana 's strong fashion sense and beautiful physique are a recurrent talking point too in the media . Here are some food and fitness secrets of the actor you may not have known .
( Also Read : The 5 Mantras Behind Katrina Kaif 's Fitness : Her Secrets Revealed )
A post shared by Kangana Ranaut FC ( @ kangsranaut ) on Mar 17 , 2018 at 7:11am PDT
Kangana 's Diet Secrets
Kangana starts off the day with a power-packed breakfast . A bowl of porridge , cereals and fresh fruits are a regular feature on her breakfast spread . It is said that she is very fond of coffee , which she can have at any point in the day . Her lunch is a simple bowl of lentils , rice or chapatti . In between her meals , she keeps herself fuelled with a bowl of fresh fruits or a thick protein shake . She prefers her dinner to be light and carb-free like a nice hot bowl of soup or some grilled vegetables .
Kangana who has recently turned vegetarian is loving the change it has brought in her health and lifestyle . Kangana , who used to love her biryanis and goshts , does n't repent the decision that she has taken , even for a bit ! She even used to cook delicious seafood and meat curries herself . But now , the actress is happy putting together herself a vegetable salad , pulav , sandwich or pasta . Since her favourite cuisine is Indian and Italian , she picks many herbs and spices from around the world to make her veggies healthy and enticing .
While Kangana loves to eat out and explore new restaurants , nothing takes the place for simple ghar ka khana for her . Simple dal , chawal and sabzi is Kangana 's all-time favourite .
( Also Read : 5 Indian Celebrity-Owned Restaurants You Should Visit )
A post shared by Kangana Ranaut ( @ team_kangana_ranaut ) on Dec 24 , 2017 at 5:50am PST
Kangana 's Fitness Secrets
Kangana has always managed to maintain her figure and she credits it to yoga . In an interview in NDTV 's Glamour Show , she gave all the credit to her yoga instructor for her fabulously toned body . She also claimed that yoga transformed her life altogether . She said , `` Yoga helped me to achieve this kind of focus and concentration . Initially , my mind was bombarded with thoughts , which were directionless . However , with yoga , I found purpose and focus , which helped me to attain stability . ''
Not many of you would know that Kangana is an ectomorph . Her fitness trainer revealed that it is difficult for the actress to gain weight , which is why she is always on the leaner side .
A post shared by Kangana Ranaut ( @ team_kangana_ranaut ) on Mar 2 , 2018 at 9:23pm PST
For Kangana , fitness is paramount . Her physique and shape is mainly dependent upon the movie that she is engaged with . If the character demands her to slim down , she would hit the gym and make sure she looks the part , and if the character does not require any major physical transformation , Kangana sticks to her regular fitness regimen .
Here 's wishing Kangana Ranaut a very Happy Birthday !
Myrtle Beach offensive lineman Evan Jumper has a host of college programs after him , many having stepped forward with college scholarships .
Coastal Carolina , Furman , Old Dominion , Wofford , Citadel , Western Carolina , Charlotte , App State , Kent State , Gardner-Webb , Charleston Southern , Marshall , UTSA , Tulane , Campbell , Rutgers , Georgia Southern , Middle Tennessee State , and Army are the programs that have offered Jumper thus far .
Nothing at the moment , '' Jumper said in terms of any favorites he may have at this point . I 'm trying to keep things as open as possible . ''
The 6-foot-4 , 255-pounder plans on heading to Duke and Wake Forest this weekend and is looking to camp at both of those programs , along with a potential Georgia Tech camp stop this summer .
Jumper said that he spent the spring working on pass protection and hand fighting . Eyeing a decision sometime this summer , he knows what he hopes to find in a school .
`` Great education , good position coach and strength coach , simply the right fit , '' he said .
Also see : PalmettoPreps.com 's 2020 class top prospects in SC
Want to discuss South Carolina high school athletics with other fans ? Check out our dedicated sport by sport forums !
PalmettoPreps.com 's prospect form
PARENT CENTRAL - our hub for parents of SC student-athletes
Feintool International Holding AG / Feintool Annual General Meeting 2018 : Shareholders accept all motions - New member of the Board of Directors elected . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The shareholders of Feintool International Holding AG approved all motions at the Annual General Meeting on April 24 , 2018 . A new member has been elected to the Board of Directors in Norbert Indlekofer.At the ordinary Annual General Meeting of Feintool International Holding AG on April 24 , 2018 , the shareholders approved the annual report and the annual accounts for 2017 . The requested dividend distribution of CHF 2.00 per registered share was also approved . Furthermore , the shareholders created authorized capital amounting to 600,000 shares with the aim of exploiting developing market opportunities quickly.Norbert Indlekofer is a new addition to the Board of Directors . He spent many years as a top manager at Schaeffler , a German supplier for the automotive and mechanical engineering industries , most recently as CEO Automotive at Schaeffler AG . A proven expert in the area of automotive drive trains , he is now a member of the board of directors and supervisory board at several international companies . Following on from the divestment of the entire shareholdings of Dr. Thomas Muhr and Muhr und Bender KG ( Mubea ) in Feintool International Holding AG , former Board of Directors members Dr. Thomas Muhr and Dr. Rolf-Dieter Kempis did not stand for re-election.The posts of the other members of the Board of Directors were confirmed at the Annual General Meeting , including Alexander von Witzleben as President and Dr. Michael Soormann as Vice President.Committees confirmedThe Compensation and Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee are composed of Dr. Michael Soormann ( Chair ) and Alexander von Witzleben . Thomas A. Erb , Heinz Loosli and Norbert Indlekofer complete the board.Profile in briefFeintool is an internationally active technology and market leader in the field of fineblanking . This technology is distinguished by cost-effectiveness , quality and productivity . As a driver of innovation , Feintool continually pushes the boundaries of fineblanking and develops intelligent solutions for customers ' ideas with two possibilities : On the one hand , our fineblanking systems and innovative tools and , on the other hand , the complete production of precise fineblanking and formed components in high outputs for demanding industrial applications . Feintool covers the entire process chain . The processes applied by Feintool support the trends of the automobile industry . Thus , Feintool is a project and development partner in the field of lightweight construction , module variations and alternative drive concepts , such as hybrid and electric.The company , founded in 1959 and headquartered in Lyss , Switzerland , has its own production plants and technology centers in Europe , the United States , China and Japan , so it is always near its customers . Around 2,500 employees and over 80 trainees work worldwide on new solutions and create key advantages for Feintool 's customers.Feintool International Holding AGIndustriering 83250 LyssSwitzerlandSpokespersonKarin LabhartPhone +41 32 387 51 57Mobile +41 79 609 22 02karin.labhart @ feintool.comwww.feintool.comThe press release can be downloaded from the following link : Press Release ( PDF ) This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content , accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source : Feintool International Holding AG via Globenewswire -- - End of Message -- - Feintool International Holding AGIndustriering 8 Lyss SwitzerlandISIN : CH0009320091 ;
An online security breach at a national printing chain leaked thousands of sensitive documents — from labor filings involving NFL players to lawsuits against Hollywood studios to personal immigration-related papers — raising the possibility that private information could end up in the wrong hands .
The leak at PIP printing , which has more than 400 locations in 13 countries , went on for four months before it was repaired Tuesday , cybersecurity experts involved in investigating the breach told NBC News . But there 's no evidence that any hackers may have stumbled upon the files to use them for malicious purposes , they add .
The documents , which NBC News examined , range from emails revealing credit card and social security numbers to legal filings such as depositions , subpoenas and labor lawsuits . Extensive medical records belonging to high-profile athletes were also at risk .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed How to protect your privacy online : Consumer Reports offers tips 4:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
PIP owner Michael Bluestein told NBC News that the breach appeared to stem from a third-party IT firm that accidentally misconfigured the backup protocols — essentially leaving a `` back door '' open in the system .
`` After discovering the breach , we acted quickly to lock down access to our database , '' Bluestein said . `` We immediately strengthened our security controls . We changed all passwords , took offline all computers that may have been affected and brought in forensic IT experts . ''
Bluestein added that stronger-than-normal protections are being employed to further lock down the PIP system : `` New firewalls are being installed . We are even going above the recommended security measures by also creating closed VPNs ( virtual private networks ) for our backup files , '' he said .
Bob Diachenko , whose firm Mackeeper Security Research Center investigated the breach , said it was first discovered in October .
The data breach potentially allowed access to sensitive labor filings on behalf of NFL players , such as disability claims with extensive HIPAA-protected medical records attached .
Leaked files included hundreds of medical records belonging to NFL players , along with social security numbers and other sensitive information . Redacted by NBC News . Nighswander , Matthew ( 502117585 )
The NFL and the National Football League Players Association , a union for the players , both declined to comment on the private records of their athletes being exposed in the security breach .
One particularly salacious set of documents released in the leak pertained to a lawsuit filed against Hustler by a former male employee who claimed adult magazine publisher Larry Flynt 's daughter sexually harassed him .
The suit was covered in the press after it was filed — but according to the leaked internal company documents , Hustler officially terminated the employee for failing to detect a `` theft ring '' at the Hustler Hollywood stores he oversaw as a district manager .
Hundreds of internal Hustler company documents were also leaked , including detailed sales records , profit and loss statements , company goals , and internal investigations relating to theft and human resources .
Hustler 's parent company , LFP Publishing , did not respond to multiple requests for comment .
An EEOC filing with detailed sexual harassment charges against Hustler 's parent company was among hundreds of Hustler legal documents . Redacted by NBC News .
In addition , a number of California-based law firms were affected in the breach , with papers related to immigration and lawsuits against powerhouse Hollywood studios among those leaked .
Mackeeper said the PIP breach can be attributed to a misconfigured `` rsync '' backup system — such vulnerabilities occur all-too frequently .
Over the past year , Mackeeper 's security research team has discovered a number of leaks occurring through misconfigured rsync protocols including — but hardly limited to — footage of an inmate 's death in a California jail , an exposed system at a North Carolina Emergency Medical Services department , and 11 gigabytes of sensitive data regarding Pentagon employees with the Special Operations Command .
Those discoveries were n't even listed in a year-end tally published by the blog IT Governance , which estimated at least 3.1 billion records leaked in 2016 alone through various breaches and hacking attacks .
Mackeeper 's team — comprised of Diachenko , Chris Vickery and Jeremiah Fowler — spends about three hours each day scanning the internet for security faults using Shodan , a search engine that allows users to examine all internet-connected devices .
Diachenko said Mackeeper made multiple attempts to notify PIP 's parent company , Franchise Services , without initial success .
`` We try to identify the owner of the database/device and immediately report it to them , '' Diachenko said of Mackeeper 's `` responsible disclosure '' policy . `` Sometimes it takes weeks , sometimes — just a couple of minutes . Sometimes we got threats instead of a 'thank you , ' so it is a challenging task . ''
Initial suspicion aimed at security researchers usually comes from companies who often do n't understand that their data breach occurs within the system , not through hacking or any kind of outside attack .
Luckily , experts say , not many people have the computer literacy needed to stumble across such security faults — and so-called `` white hats '' like Diachenko hope that by routinely searching for them , they 'll get to the leaks before data thieves do .
`` Accessing rsync is almost as simple as accessing an ftp , '' Diachenko said in an email . `` This is not an average user skill , but I would estimate that 1 of 10 users can do it . Thankfully , this number is not big enough , so we can responsibly disclose those breaches before they are affected by malicious actors . ''
BERLIN ( AP ) — An emergency official says a small plane has crashed at an airfield in eastern Austria , killing two people aboard .
Lower Austria province fire service spokesman Franz Resperger told the Austria Press Agency that the aircraft came down nose-first Wednesday morning in a field next to the runway at the Voeslau-Kottingbrunn airfield , south of Vienna . The two men were trapped in the badly damaged cockpit .
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash .
On Monday , a Solo Piano Masterclass launched the 2013 Summer Festival of the Music Academy of the West . Whatever purely social or administrative events may have preceded it , this was the Music Academy getting down to business .
Leading the masterclass was the maestro of maestros , Jerome Lowenthal , who has been a member of the Music Academy faculty since 1970 . Articulate , insightful — not to mention a pianist able to bring out the maximum emotional content of a score without compromising its technical parameters — Lowenthal has presided at this unofficial but real opening ceremony for at least three decades .
He will also host the event that bookends the farside of the festival 's first week , the “ Piano Fest ” ( $ 30 ) , introducing 10 brilliant piano fellows who will then do their level best to take our breath away in a recital at 8 p.m. Friday in Hahn Hall .
Founded in 1947 by famous soprano Lotte Lehmann — with considerable help and advice from the Curtis Institute 's Efrem Zimbalist , as well as her house guest at the time , notable conductor Otto Klemperer — the Music Academy began as and has remained an island of European culture and sensibility in a region ( Southern California ) not known for its refined tastes .
That is not to say that there was any kind of condescension involved — any sense of sophisticated Europe showing the American rubes how it 's done . To the contrary , the founders of the Music Academy , as well as the entire , astonishing émigré conclave in Los Angeles , Beverly Hills and Santa Barbara ( which included Thomas Mann , Igor Stravinsky and Arnold Schoenberg ) , were almost embarrassingly humble in their gratitude . Their home continent had turned toxic , and when they fled to ours , we welcomed them .
Instead of ending their days in the Gulag , or Auschwitz , they found themselves in a kind of Garden of Eden here on the South Coast . They could never repay us in kind , but they had priceless treasures of their own and they eagerly and freely shared them with us . Virtue is its own reward , of course , and we never demanded payment or anything , but we have to consider the Music Academy of the West as one hell of a fringe benefit . ( No single history has adequately dealt with the artistic and literary refugees living in Southern California , 1933-45 , but Erich Maria Remarque 's beautiful , posthumously-published novel Shadows in Paradise gives an indelible sense of the individual experience of these exiles , and H. Stuart Hughes 's magisterial volume , The Sea Change : the Migration of Social Thought , 1930-1965 , precisely illuminates the tremendous influence that the exiled philosophers and scholars had on American intellectual life . )
More than 60 years later , even though the faculty and student body of the Music Academy are overwhelmingly American , the impress of European civilization remains clearly visible — not to mention audible .
The rest of the first week , as with all the weeks that follow , we will have masterclasses led by familiar , beloved faces — Lowenthal , violinist Kathleen Winkler , violist Donald McInnes , pianist Warren Jones , soprano Marilyn Horne and others — as well as many that are less familiar , though also cherished . In a special Vocal Masterclass ( $ 19 , $ 17 students and seniors ) at 3:15 p.m. Wednesday in Hahn Hall , the incomparable Horne and the inimitable Jones will introduce the 2013 voice and vocal piano fellows .
As part of a new program , 16 selected string fellows spent the week prior to the festival opening in an intensive String Quartet Seminar led by the the acclaimed Takács Quartet ( Edward Dusinberre and Károly Schranz , violins ; Geraldine Walther , viola ; András Fejér , cello ) . According to academy literature , the chosen young musicians “ will form four separate ensembles , each of which will receive multiple coachings and take part in self-directed rehearsals daily . In addition , participants will live and eat together to learn how outside interpersonal relationships influence a quartet 's internal dynamics . ”
Then , at 8 p.m. Wednesday , the four newly minted ensembles will take the stage at Hahn Hall for a gala concert , playing movements of quartets by Beethoven , Brahms , Bartók and Smetana ( $ 30 ) .
At 8 p.m. Thursday , the superb Takács Quartet will itself perform a concert ( $ 50 ) in Hahn Hall , with a program consisting of works by Franz Josef Haydn ( String Quartet in Bb-Major , Opus 76 , No . 4 ; Béla Bartók ( String Quartet No . 1 in a-minor , Opus 7 ) ; and Johannes Brahms ( String Quartet in a-minor , Opus 51 , No . 2 .
Reserved seats to Music Academy events charging admission can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . He can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The opinions expressed are his own .
Here 's what we 've been told about passwords :
Make them complicated .
Use numbers , question marks and hash marks .
Change them regularly .
Use different passwords for each app and website .
Of course , these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all .
Now , the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier . The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords , and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules .
`` The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users , '' says Paul Grassi , senior standards and technology adviser at NIST , who led the new revision of guidelines .
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple , long and memorable . Phrases , lowercase letters and typical English words work well , Grassi tells NPR 's Audie Cornish . Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters . And passwords never need to expire .
`` We focus on the cognitive side of this , which is what tools can users use to remember these things ? '' Grassi says . `` So if you can picture it in your head , and no one else could , that 's a good password . ''
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy , Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break . And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively .
`` It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones , even with all those special character requirements , '' Grassi says . `` We are really bad at random passwords , so the longer the better . ''
Previously , security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users ' accounts were protected . Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password , but he says they are n't necessary to maintain security .
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security . When users change their passwords every 90 days , they often are n't dramatically changing the password , Grassi says .
`` I 'm pretty sure you 're not changing your entire password ; you 're shifting one character , '' he says . `` Everyone does that , and the bad guys know that . ''
CAIRO ( AP ) — Relations between Russia and Egypt have rapidly grown over the past three years , with Presidents Vladimir Putin and Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi forging a multi-faceted relationship that features economic , military and political cooperation .
Here is a look at the history of this relationship and where it might be headed , as Putin pays his latest visit to Cairo .
____
COLD WAR TIES
Advertisement
The young Egyptian officers who seized power in Egypt in 1952 and later toppled the monarchy initially flirted with the United States through various channels . But vociferous , anti-Israel rhetoric from Egypt 's Arab nationalist leader Gamal Abdel-Nasser , coupled with Cold War realities , doomed any hope that Washington could become Cairo 's superpower patron .
A 1955 deal to buy Soviet weapons through Czechoslovakia brought Egypt into the Soviet camp despite Cairo 's efforts to remain non-aligned . Moscow later agreed to build a massive hydroelectric dam on the Nile in southern Egypt after the World Bank , reportedly at Washington 's behest , declined to finance the project .
Relations plunged deeper when Egypt accused the United States of colluding with Israel in the 1967 Six Day War , in which Israeli troops seized the Sinai Peninsula . Following that war , Egypt 's ties with Russia became much closer , with thousands of Russian military advisers stationed in Egypt , some with their families . Soviet-made military hardware poured into Egypt , from tanks and fighter-jets to helicopters and artillery pieces . Russian pilots even flew reconnaissance flights for the Egyptians over Israeli installations .
____
SWITCHING CAMPS
The United States began to reassert its influence over Egypt when Washington brokered a 1970 cease-fire that ended months of intensive fighting between Egypt and Israel in the Suez Canal region and along the Red Sea coastline .
In a surprise move , President Anwar Sadat in 1972 expelled the Soviet military advisers , arguing that Moscow was not doing enough to help the Egyptians match Israel 's military might . A year later , Egypt and Israel fought the last of their four wars and the road was paved for Washington to replace Moscow as the most dominant foreign power in the Middle East .
The U.S.-brokered Camp David peace accords between Egypt and Israel cemented the new American-Egyptian alliance , transforming Egypt into a key U.S. ally and the recipient of $ 1.3 billion in annual foreign aid , which continues to this day .
___
RENEWING TIES
Egyptian-American relations took a plunge after the military overthrew Islamist President Mohammed Morsi , the country 's first freely elected leader , amid mass protests against his divisive rule in 2013 .
President Barack Obama 's administration criticized the move , which effectively ended Egypt 's troubled transition to democracy , angering the country 's new leaders . Since then , pro-government media have regularly accused Obama of siding with Morsi 's now-banned Muslim Brotherhood group .
El-Sissi , who as defense minister led the overthrow of Morsi and was elected president the following year , was quick to pivot toward Moscow . He has visited Russia twice since assuming office , and has struck deals to buy billions of dollars ' worth of military hardware , including helicopter gunships and fighter jets .
An agreement to have a Russian company build a nuclear reactor was signed in Cairo on Monday . Late last month , Russia said it approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow its warplanes to use Egyptian bases .
El-Sissi has also cultivated close ties with U.S. President Donald Trump , however , and relations with Moscow have not been problem-free .
The bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula in October 2015 , which killed all 224 people on board , prompted Moscow to suspend all flights to Egypt . More than two years later , the suspension remains in force and Egyptian tourism , heavily dependent on Russian tourists , is suffering . Egypt has spent millions of dollars to upgrade security at its airports , but the Russians remain reluctant to resume flights .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Barclaycard Arena in Birmingham is changing its name from next month .
The multi-purpose indoor venue will become Arena Birmingham in a move to a brand that reflects the venue 's location from September 1 , 2017 .
Arena Birmingham will be in situ for the new event season , with a string of top performers set to grace the stage .
The Nooran Sisters , John Legend and The Australian Pink Floyd Show are all scheduled to be among the first to perform under the new brand name .
Barclaycard announced in 2016 that as part of a review of its sponsorship strategy across both Barclaycard and the broader Barclays Group , it planned to move away from long-term naming rights with the venue .
( Image : Graham Young )
Managing Director for the NEC Group Arenas , Phil Mead said : “ The Barclaycard Arena has been a resounding success since it launched with Michael Bublé in 2014 following a £26 million redevelopment .
`` The award-winning venue has attracted world-class entertainment from Drake to Iron Maiden and Céline Dion , and has secured high profile international sports events from the Davis Cup in 2016 , to the IAAF World Indoor Athletics Championships in 2018 .
( Image : Flickr/metrogogo )
“ Much of what we have achieved is down to the support of Barclaycard who have been an excellent partner since 2012 , but we are now entering another exciting era with Arena Birmingham , as it 's transformed into a destination in its own right within the city .
`` The construction of the LEGOLAND Discovery Centre Birmingham is already underway , we are a principle venue of the Birmingham Commonwealth Games 2022 bid , and will be hosting a roster of great events throughout the rest of 2017/18 . ”
The Arena has become one of the busiest large scale indoor sporting and entertainment venues in Europe , staging everything from sports events to concerts , entertainment spectaculars , business conferences and exhibitions , benefitting from its position at the heart of the UK .
To keep updated on gigs and events in the city , follow our What 's On Facebook page .
Things you learn while doing your job which u never thought you will otherwise ... # NaamShabana
A video posted by Taapsee Pannu ( @ taapsee ) on Nov 20 , 2016 at 2:59am PST
A 12-year-old Sydney boy stole his parents ' credit card , tricked his grandmother into giving him his passport and flew to Bali on his own after a family argument .
The boy , given the pseudonym Drew by Australian TV show A Current Affair , was told he could n't go to Bali by his mother , but managed to book himself flights there and a hotel room , and to depart Australia unimpeded .
Telling his family he was going to school , he rode his razor scooter to his local train station , from where he travelled to the airport and , using a self-service check-in terminal , boarded a flight for Perth , then another for Indonesia .
He was only quizzed once , at Perth airport , when staff asked him for identification to prove he was over 12 .
“ They just asked for my student ID and passport to prove that I 'm over 12 and that I 'm in secondary school , ” he told A Current Affair . “ It was great because I wanted to go on an adventure . ”
In Bali , he checked in to the Seasons Hotel , telling staff he was waiting for his sister to arrive .
After his school reported he was absent , his family scrambled to find out where he was . Discovering he was in Bali , his mother , Emma , flew there to collect him .
Emma said the boy does n't like hearing the word “ no ” .
“ Shocked , disgusted – there 's no emotion . . . [ for ] what we felt when we found he left overseas , ” she told A Current Affair . – Guardian service
New solar panels proposed for east Columbia
COLUMBIA – A new solar power agreement between the city of Columbia and a renewable energy company will provide more solar energy to the city .
The plan by Cypress Creek Renewables , called the Truman Solar project , would build 44,000 solar panels on an 88-acre plot of land just south of I-70 and Demaret Drive .
The new solar panels will increase the city 's renewable energy percentage by 1.9 percent .
Columbia resident Jay Neilson said , “ Columbia has always seemed to be a forerunner in the area of alternative energy and renewable energy . I 've seen a lot of windmills and solar panels going up in a lot of places . ”
City laws require 25 percent of Columbia 's energy come from renewable sources by 2023 . This project will generate more than 10-times the current amount of renewable energy produced by the city .
City planner Rusty Palmer said the project would also require nature preservation . He said the city mandates 25 percent of existing trees to be preserved from construction .
Development services manager Patrick Zenner said the city council 's final vote will take place in August . He said the plans will be open for public comment in a month .
The city 's proposed contract states the solar field must be live by April 1 , 2019 .
It was a date that put Granby on the national and international map : June 4 , 2004 , when Marvin Heemeyer , a disgruntled business owner in Granby , hunkered down into an armor-plated bulldozer and took out multiple buildings in town , ending with his own suicide .
Heemeyer , a local auto muffler shop owner , outraged over the outcome of a zoning dispute , went on a rampage through the town of Granby , driving an armored Komatsu D355A bulldozer with layers of steel and concrete .
Several buildings were damaged in the rampage , including a bank , a hardware store , a concrete company , a utility service center , the town hall , the police department , and a former mayor 's home .
The rampage lasted two hours and seven minutes , ending when the bulldozer got stuck attempting to go through the alleyway of Gambles Hardware Store .
Heemeyer then killed himself with a handgun . No other deaths occurred , but an estimated $ 7 million in damage was done .
Heemeyer had been feuding with Granby officials , particularly over fines for violating city ordinances and a zoning dispute regarding a concrete batch plant constructed opposite his muffler shop .
This is a response to a letter to the editor in the December 8 edition .
At Lehigh , we are committed to preserving natural resources and recognize the role that eliminating , reducing , reusing and recycling serves in enhancing the sustainability of campus operations . Over the last several years , Lehigh has increased its waste diversion rate by over 10 percent . Last year , Lehigh diverted 56 percent of its waste from the waste stream through our recycling streams , composting of landscaping materials and donations . Facility Services collects and tracks the invoice data for all waste and recycling streams on campus . The high level summary of this comprehensive dataset is posted live .
Although Lehigh has made strides in improving its overall waste diversion rate , Lehigh 's single-stream recycling rate still has room for improvement . The university community as a whole plays a key role in helping to improve this . The Eco-Reps are actively involved in peer-to-peer educational outreach in residential halls and Greek houses on waste and recycling . They do trash and recycling bin audits during the academic year , ensure the waste closets have trash and recycling signage and do waste audits in Greek houses and residential halls .
In February and March , Lehigh will be participating for the sixth year in Recyclemania , a national waste diversion and recycling competition against colleges and universities to promote waste reduction activities in campus communities . The goals during Recyclemania are to motivate Lehigh students , faculty and staff to increase recycling efforts and reduce waste generation and create attention and support for campus recycling programs . The Office of Sustainability , Facilities Services , Eco-Reps and other departments and campus organizations will be actively promoting waste reduction and recycling efforts .
We encourage you to join others on campus in this effort , whether by joining a campus organization , or something as small as reminding your friends to recycle . When it comes to sustainability , responsibility lies with all of us to make a difference .
—
Office of Sustainability and Facilities Services
Demolition of the changing rooms at a popular park in Wellingborough is due to re-start soon .
An application for demolition of the changing room/pavilion at Castlefields in Irthlingborough Road in the town was made earlier this year .
Documents submitted as part of the application by Wellingborough Council stated that the building is not used , it has become increasingly unsafe and the roof is now considered dangerous .
A notice put up at the site in the summer said : “ The proposal involves the demolition of the changing room/pavilion .
“ The restoration of the site will be a future scheme funded by Section 106 money for the park .
“ Until then there will be a concrete surface in its place . ”
The site notice said the proposed demolition was due to take place in September , but the work has yet to be completed .
However , a tweet from Wellingborough Council this week says work is set to re-start soon .
The tweet from the council 's official Twitter account said : “ The demolition of the Castlefields changing rooms will re-start on December 18 .
“ They are no longer used and following concerns about safety , BCW agreed to demolish it .
“ Money received from planning developments will be used to refurbish the toilets in the park and bring them back into use . ”
A former chief superintendent has said he was not the source of an incorrect allegation made about Sgt Maurice McCabe at the 2015 O'Higgins Commission .
Colm Rooney was giving evidence at the Charleton tribunal about a letter drafted in May 2015 which the tribunal chairman , Mr Justice Peter Charleton , has characterised as akin to a “ charge sheet ” against Sgt McCabe .
Mr Rooney said any contribution he made towards the letter “ was factually correct ” .
When tribunal counsel Kathleen Leader said the letter had been drafted after instructions from Mr Rooney and Supt Noel Cunningham , Mr Rooney responded : “ I do n't share that view . ”
Mr Rooney is claiming legal privilege over his dealings with the legal team at the commission . It is understood Supt Cunningham , who is due to give evidence on Monday , is also claiming privilege .
Mr Rooney said that while he had signed the letter before it was handed into the commission , he had only done so in relation to “ the paragraphs that related to me ” .
The letter was drafted over the weekend and handed into the commission on the morning of Monday , May 18th , 2015 , after a row over whether the legal team representing the Garda Commissioner could challenge the motivation of Sgt McCabe .
Complaints about officers
The commission was set up to investigate complaints made by Sgt McCabe about policing and other matters . The legal team representing the then commissioner , Nóirín O'Sullivan , was also representing a number of officers against whom Sgt McCabe had made complaints . These included Mr Rooney . The commission ruled that the complaint against him was unfounded and said the same was true of a complaint that could be implied against Supt Cunningham .
The letter drafted to support the legal team 's right to challenge Sgt McCabe included an error that implied bad faith on the part of the sergeant . The error came to light in later hearings at the commission after Sgt McCabe produced a secret tape he had made of a meeting he had had with Supt Cunningham in Mullingar in 2008 .
As well as the letter containing the error , the commission had also been supplied with a report of the meeting drafted by Supt Cunningham and which contained a correct record of the meeting and accorded with the tape .
The tribunal is investigating whether a false sex assault allegation , or other unjustified grounds , were used by Ms O'Sullivan at the commission to discredit Sgt McCabe .
Poor policing
Mr Rooney apologised for a circular he had posted in all Garda stations in the Cavan/Monaghan area in July 2011 , following the completion of an inquiry into complaints of poor policing by Sgt McCabe .
The inquiry was conducted by former assistant commissioner Derek Byrne and Chief Supt Terry McGinn . Mr Rooney said he was visited in his office by Mr Byrne and told of the outcome of the inquiry and had written the circular on this basis . He had not seen the Byrne/McGinn report .
However , he now realised that what was expressed in the circular was not appropriate and that its statement that there had been a vindication of policing standards at Bailieboro station was not warranted .
“ I just believed what I was told about the outcome , ” he said . Mr Rooney retired later in 2011 . The tribunal heard that it was only a few days ago , when Mr Rooney 's statement to the tribunal was circulated , that Sgt McCabe first learned that the circular was written without Mr Rooney having seen the Byrne/McGinn report .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The transfer window has little more than a month to run with business slow so far but expected to intensify between the end of the World Cup - and August 9 .
Nothing focuses the mind like a deadline - and nothing increases a player and his agent 's motivation to act/move/make money , like the impending prospect of half a season of inertia .
And little induces clubs to buy , sell or borrow more than the prospect of being unable to do so until January .
It 's been quiet so far at Birmingham City , with just one player coming in and a couple leaving . Expect that to change .
Garry Monk has a lot on his plate , balancing finances and football in search of the perfect formula .
We analyse what he 'll be considering .
Areas to strengthen/off-load
Clearly the goalkeeper situation is one that needs addressing . Monk wants to start again which means David Stockdale is surplus to requirements and Tomasz Kuszczak is also free to leave .
That leaves Blues with Connal Trueman , Jake Weaver and last season 's Under 18s goalie Adam Siviter as things stand .
There have obviously been plenty of contenders linked , more of which later .
Central midfield is an area that will require attention . For several seasons Blues have been crying out for a No . 8 type to create and complement the destructive options they have in the boilerhouse .
And there 's no getting away from the fact Blues were the joint lowest goalscorers in the EFL last season - they will have to add a fourth , goal-scoring striker to augment what is offered by Lukas Jutkiewicz , Che Adams and the returning Isaac Vassell .
It would be no surprise if another winger comes to the club either . Jota and Jacques Maghoma are expected to play plenty of football next season but will need competition .
Potential targets
Between the sticks names like Robert Green and young Plymouth rookie Michael Cooper have been linked - and so has Orjan Nyland .
The Norway international is currently playing for Ingolstadt in the Norwegian second tier .
It is understood there was real interest in Alex Smithies , the ex-QPR stopper who has since gone to Cardiff .
( Image : Trond Tandberg/Getty Images )
In midfield Hibernian youngster John McGinn is thought to be a genuine target , while Kasey Palmer , who Steve Cotterill wanted in January , is also linked , as is Barry Bannan .
It would be no surprise if Blues found better value overseas , though .
Up front there is reported interest in Ipswich 's Martyn Waghorn , and a link with Stoke 's Jordan Greenidge .
It is believed Blues are interested in bringing Lewis Grabban to the club but the Bournemouth striker looks more likely to go to Championship rivals Nottingham Forest .
Business so far
Ins : Just the one at this stage , Union Berlin left back Kristian Pedersen . The full back is a former Denmark Under 21 and has spent the last couple of years in the German second-tier . He is thought to have cost around £2.2m .
( Image : Roy Smiljanic/bcfc.com )
Outs : Robert Tesche was allowed to leave for VfL Bochum , Cheick Keita will spend next season on loan at Belgian outfit Eupen . Jack Storer was released at the end of last season and has signed for Partick Thistle .
Andy Shinnie and Jason Lowe were also allowed to leave at the end of their contract .
Paul Robinson has retired and can now be found on the Under 23s training pitch .
Expect more to go though as Monk tries to bring an unwieldy squad back to more manageable numbers .
Finances
There 's definitely money to spend , though within sensible boundaries . No-one in the Championship seems to be saying much about FFP and the EFL at this stage .
They were in for Smithies , who eventually went for £4m and Grabban is being quoted as around £5m .
There is a pressure to manage costs , obviously , but Monk seems to be just as focused on cutting numbers as well with the squad dynamic all important to the former Swansea captain .
More Blues news
Birmingham City hope to challenge for former Aston Villa striker Lewis Grabban but a move to Championship rivals Nottingham Forest looks far more likely .
Grabban , who spent the second half of the season at Villa Park and finished with 20 goals after a previous loan stint at Sunderland , is expected to leave Bournemouth this summer .
The Sun are reporting today that Blues have expressed an interested in the 30-year-old , who is expected to fetch a fee of around £5m , but BirminghamLive understands that Grabban 's most likely destination remains Aitor Karanka 's Forest .
Talks between Grabban and Forest have gone well this week and it is understood it is likely the forward will become Karanka 's ninth signing of a busy summer rebuild .
The City Ground boss has spoken openly in the press about his admiration for Grabban .
“ Lewis is a good player and I wanted him when I was at Middlesbrough . In the end he went to Norwich , ” Karanka said . “ I can tell you that the striker who arrives will be the right one for this club .
“ The striker will be one of the most important signings we make at the club this summer . This player can make the difference that we missed last season . ''
Grabban has a year left on his contract at Bournemouth and the Cherries are prepared to cash in having already plucked young attacker David Brooks from Sheffield United .
Grabban scored 12 goals for Sunderland last term before moving to Villa in January and bagging another eight .
poll loading Would Lewis Grabban be a good signing for Blues ? 2000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
His season ended in disappointment when Steve Bruce 's side were beaten in the Championship play-off final by Fulham .
Blues have made one signing so far this summer with the arrival of Kristian Pedersen from Union Berlin on a four-year deal .
They are expected to push on with further incoming business ahead of the new season with a new forward understood to be on Garry Monk 's wishlist .
This may cross the line as the company 's CEO is also advising President Donald Trump on infrastructure plans while having deals with Kushner 's family business .
President Donald Trump enjoys many perks as the commander-in-chief , and so does his son-in-law Jared Kushner , who serves as a senior White House adviser . What they may not want us to talk about much , however , is how businesses associated with them may also be getting that extra boost thanks to their positions .
According to The Associated Press , Vornado Realty Trust , a company that does business with both Kushner 's family and Trump , is one of the finalists for a $ 1.7 billion contract to erect the FBI 's new headquarters . If the firm wins the bid then it would be responsible for constructing a replacement for the building currently under use as the headquarters in Washington , D.C. , the famous J. Edgar Hoover building . But Vornado 's ties to the White House go beyond former business deals .
Currently , the firm 's CEO is Steven Roth , who has been advising the president on infrastructure plans . He 's also involved with Kushner 's White House Office of American Innovation . That alone should force the businessman to think twice before trying to get business contracts from the government .
Still , Trump 's personal ties to the firm are concerning , and since he 's declined divesting from his business , some in Washington are now questioning whether awarding a firm so close to the president and his son-in-law with a bureau contract does n't imply that the president is crossing an ethical line .
According to Congressman Gerald Connolly ( D-VA ) , Trump 's business ties with particular companies “ shifts the ethical burden ” to them , forcing them to ponder whether they should take on gigs backed by taxpayer money .
“ We 're in a position where once again he shrugged off his responsibilities and sloughed it off to someone else , ” Connolly told reporters .
As a representative of a district where the building would take place , Connolly believes that Vornado 's Trump ties creates a conflict of interest , and is now urging the company to drop out of the bidding process , especially now that the firm is one of the finalists . But he 's not the only one who 's shown concern .
Professor of government procurement law at George Washington University Steven Schooner says that the relationship between the firm and the White House is troubling for the president . “ This would absolutely pose an apparent , and , potentially , an actual conflict of interest , ” he wrote in an email statement . “ I can not imagine any modern-era precedent for the president ( and his [ adviser ] and son-in-law ) not recognizing that this is a problem and shutting this down before it gets any worse . ”
As the White House has yet to comment on this story , it 's important to point out that whether or not Trump officially divests from his business , he still has friends in high places that would eventually try to use their influence with the president in some way or another . It 's not enough to have him officially let go of his ownership of the Trump organization — companies with any ties to the commander-in-chief should also bear in mind they 'll be under heavy scrutiny for seeking contracts backed by taxpayer money while their buddy occupies the White House .
GC Services , a large debt collector charged with using unlawful tactics to collect on federal student loans and other debts , will pay a $ 700,000 civil penalty under a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission .
Student loan debt is a large and growing segment of the U.S. debt collection industry , according to the FTC . More than 40 million consumers have outstanding loan debt , carrying an average balance of $ 29,000 . GC Services is a third-party debt collector of defaulted federal student loans and other types of debt .
The FTC 's complaint against GC Services Limited Partnership , filed on the FTC 's behalf by the Department of Justice , alleged that the company 's collectors left phone messages that illegally disclosed purported debts to others without their permission .
A bloody prison riot in Brazil 's northern province of Amazonas has claimed the lives of at least 60 people , Brazilian authorities say .
According to the province 's public security office , the violent rebellion occurred at the Anisio Jobim penitentiary complex in the provincial capital Manaus on Sunday afternoon and was quelled on Monday morning .
The violence was triggered by a fight between inmates belonging to rival drug gangs , Sergio Fontes , the head of the security office , told a press conference on Monday , adding that the death toll might rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the incident .
He further said that prison officials were counting the inmates to determine how many had managed to escape .
The massacre was the latest deadly clash to break out between prisoners loyal to the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command ( PCC ) drug gang , the country 's most powerful drug cartel , and those aligned with a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family .
Fontes went on to say that a number of prisoners had exchanged gunfire with police forces and held a dozen of prison guards hostage late on Sunday , adding that 74 inmates had also been taken hostage during the riot , with some murdered and some others released .
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed the aftermath of the massacre and depicted dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other prisoners milled around .
Brazil is under fire by international watchdog groups for the overcrowding of its prisons , which is the norm in the biggest South American country , and deadly riots routinely erupt there . Brazil has the largest prison population after the United States , China and Russia . Horrific conditions and inter-gang hostilities are widely seen in many facilities of the country .
Back in 1992 , a deadly riot at the Carandiru Penitentiary in São Paulo in São Paulo , killed 111 prisoners , nearly all of them by police as they regained the control of the jail .
I am happy to announce that I am co-writing the autobiography/memoir of the great soul singer Eddie Floyd , to be published by BMG in 2018 .
Eddie Floyd is best known for the classic “ Knock on Wood , ” which he co-wrote , but that 's just one peak in a mountainous career that stretches back over six decades . He made his first recordings as a teenager with the Falcons back in 1956 , and as anyone who watched the BBC Proms Stax Special from London 's Royal Albert Hall on September 1 can testify ( and as seen below alongside Tom Jones and Sam Moore ) , at 80 years of age he still has the voice – and the moves – of a man half his age .
Eddie 's other major solo soul classics include “ Raise Your Hand , ” “ Big Bird , ” “ California Girl , ” “ Bring It On Home To Me , ” “ Do n't Tell Your Mama , ” “ Why Is The Wine Sweeter ( on the Other Side ) , ” “ Love Is A Doggone Good Thing , ” “ On A Saturday Night , ” and the exceptional “ I 've Never Found a Girl ( to Love Me Like You Do ) . ” Among the several hundred songs he has written or co-written over the decades , alongside such fellow luminaries as Mack Rice , Steve Cropper , William Bell , Booker T. Jones , Wilson Pickett and Al Bell , are many that were made famous by others : “ Stop ! Look What You 're Doing ” and “ Comfort Me ” ( by Carla Thomas ) , “ You Do n't Know What You Mean To Me ” ( Sam and Dave ) , “ 634-5789 ” and “ Ninety-Nine and a Half ( Wo n't Do , ” ( Wilson Pickett ) , “ I Love You More Than Words Can Say ” and “ Do n't Mess With Cupid ” ( Otis Redding ) , “ Just The One I 've Been Looking For ” ( Johnnie Taylor ) , and “ The Breakdown ” ( Rufus Thomas ) . He has sung duets with Mavis Staples and Dorothy Moore , and appeared on many an all-star soul cast . The list of those who have covered his hit compositions runs the gamut from Bruce Springsteen to , famously , Amii Stewart , and would , of itself , fill a book .
Born in Montgomery , Alabama , in 1937 , Eddie moved in his youth to Detroit , where he formed the Falcons , often hailed as “ the World 's First Soul Group , ” and where his manager/uncle Robert West served as an inspiration for Berry Gordy ; after the Falcons ' demise in the early 1960s he relocated to D.C. , where he partnered with Al Bell on the record label Safice , recording under his own name at Bo Diddley 's studio ; he moved to Memphis alongside Bell in 1965 , signing to Stax , remaining with the legendary soul label until its demise in 1975 ; he later recorded for Malaco , “ the last great soul label , ” as well as British mod label I-Spy , Mercury and Contempo . Floyd was part of the Stax Volt Tour of Europe in 1967 ( see above ) and the WattsStax concert of 1973 ; he has been a prominent member of the Blues Brothers Band and of Bill Wyman 's Rhythm Kings ; he has played for Presidents at the White House and continues to sing for the people all over the world . It 's a thrill to be working with him and to be helping him tell his story .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A Santa Barbara Superior Court judge has found DUI attorney Darryl Genis in contempt of court based on comments he made to a prosecutor last month , calling her a “ little girl ” in the courtroom .
An order from Judge Jean Dandona states that Genis was in court on June 20 when he addressed opposing counsel , Hannah Lucy , as “ little girl , ” which “ was done in immediate view and presence of the court . ”
Genis apologized to the court and to Lucy , and the document states that “ he was frustrated by what he believed was Ms. Lucy loudly sighing during his argument of the motions . ”
In a response to the court , Genis explained that he “ is roughly twice as old as Ms. Lucy , who is of the opposite sex and she was acting childish . ”
Dandona ultimately found Genis ' apology “ disingenuous and insincere ” and added that she found nothing inappropriate about Lucy 's behavior .
As a result , Dandona fined Genis $ 1,000 for being in contempt of court . Because the amount of the fine is $ 1,000 or more , it is reportable to the State Bar , according to Gary Blair , executive officer of the Santa Barbara Superior Court .
“ Attorneys generally abhor the idea of being found in contempt for that reason , ” he said .
Genis sent paperwork to Noozhawk on Wednesday afternoon stating that he 's seeking a contempt hearing against Lucy for telling Genis “ you 're an * * hole ” while the court was in session but out of earshot on Wednesday morning .
Genis signed the paperwork documenting the exchange as “ Darryl Genis , victim of Ms. Lucy 's contempt . ”
In an earlier statement , Genis told Noozhawk that there was no contempt of court , and there is no such thing as contempt of prosecutor .
“ If the proverbial shoe was on the other foot , ” he told Noozhawk , “ and Ms. Lucy had called me a ‘ little boy ' during a recess , would Judge Dandona have held Deputy District Attorney Hannah Lucy summarily in contempt and fined her $ 1,000 ? Judge Dandona would not have held DDA Lucy summarily in contempt nor would it have fined her an amount that requires reporting to the Bar .
“ Clearly , I have been targeted by prosecutors and others because of my effectiveness in court . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
[ Noozhawk 's note : Former Noozhawk staff writer Ben Preston covered the recent Clinton Global Initiative annual meeting in New York City . First in a series sponsored by the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College . ]
Have you taken a close look at your car recently ? If it was built within the last 10 years , it more than likely has a computer-controlled fuel management system , electronic tire pressure sensors , and maybe even a built-in satellite navigation system .
The sputtering motorized buggies that Henry Ford manufactured 100 years ago have evolved into highly complex machines produced by multiple teams of engineers and scientists clustered around the world .
Even if you do n't own a car , everything from your electric meter to the supermarket checkout scanner have been made more efficient with technology . But that also means these things are more complicated than ever , requiring , as with automobiles , crack teams of technically savvy people to build and maintain them .
At the recent Clinton Global Initiative annual meeting in New York City , President Barack Obama put out the call : science , technology , engineering and math — referred to as STEM by policymakers — teachers wanted ; skilled labor needed .
As former President Bill Clinton , Lt. Gov . Gavin Newsom and a host of other national and international leaders in attendance suggested , it will take myriad new technologies to bring humanity up to speed as the world 's population approaches 7 million .
Since 1800 , the world 's urban population has increased to more than 50 percent from 3 percent . Facilitating even traffic flows — whether pedestrian , vehicular or train — takes increasingly sophisticated , computer-aided solutions . Imagine New York City 's 9 million or so people , living on what is essentially a tiny cluster of islands , without more-or-less smoothly functioning infrastructure to keep them moving . It would be a disaster , something along the lines of post-war Baghdad , where roads are often blocked with awful traffic and trash piles up in the streets .
The bottom line is that although rising average unemployment in the United States stands at nearly 10 percent , the Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that jobs in scientific and technical consulting services will expand by 83 percent by 2018 . Someone has to fill those jobs , and to do so , they will need training .
Consensus among Clinton and others at CGI indicated that America is falling behind in the global technology race , but deadline-oriented participants in the nonprofit organization have thrown a lot of money at the problem . STEM commitments made by a collection of member corporations and nonprofit organizations total more than $ 57 million , funding a variety of programs aimed at training STEM teachers and engaging young students in STEM courses of study .
“ CGI has been a great platform to meet other people who are focused on STEM , because we can get a lot more done together , ” said Erica Christensen , who handles philanthropic ventures for Long Island , N.Y.-based Ca Technologies .
Like many other companies in the tech sector , Ca Technologies has a vested interest in seeing more STEM-oriented students enter the workforce . The company focuses its efforts on educating women . One arm of its program , which Christensen called “ Geek Chic , ” attempts to entice young girls into technology-related fields of study by making math and science fun . In a partnership with the Boys & Girls Clubs of America , Ca Technologies will run a program called Tech Girls Rock at five locations around the country — in San Francisco , Boston , Chicago , New York City and Plano , Texas .
America 's STEM deficiency has n't escaped the attention of Sesame Street programmers , so the show 's upcoming season — which debuted last month — features more of a focus on math and science . Relying on star power and a new-for-2011 Super Grover 2.0 discovery segment , Sesame Street producers hope to engage pre-school children in STEM subject learning by keeping the shows characteristically light and entertaining . In the past , celebrities from Jack Black to LL Cool J explained topics like transportation and liquids .
“ Informational media is a big part of the lives and education of children , ” said Lewis Bernstein , executive vice president of education and research for Sesame Workshop , the nonprofit behind Sesame Street .
“ So we 've begun focusing on STEM to be as important as language and diversity . ”
Christensen said Ca Technologies partnered with Sesame Workshop to help spread the word about the company 's face time-centered educational programs . Other companies are following suit . Results from the 2009 International Student Assessment ranked American students 23rd in science and 31st in math compared with students from other countries .
Guess who took first in both of those categories ? China .
Researchers have found that exposure to Sesame Street as a preschooler equals higher achievement in high school . If enough American children simply benefit from the “ Sesame Street effect , ” the United States will be able to keep its spot as the No . 1 economy in the world . Being No . 2 , or less , would be , well , un-American .
Perhaps you can benefit from one of the programs offered by Clinton Global Initiative participants . Here 's a list of some of the other organizations pitching in money and manpower to train more teachers and get children interested in STEM :
American Indian Science & Engineering Society , American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics , American Society for Nutrition , S.D . Betchel , Joe Bellina , Captain Planet Foundation , Carnegie Corporation of New York , Caterpillar Inc. , Chemical Educational Foundation , Chevron Corp. , Conrad Foundation , Cummins Inc. , Dow Chemical Co. , Dow Chemical Foundation , Eli Lilly & Co. , ExxonMobil Corp. , Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. , General Electric , Iberville Parish School Board , State of Indiana , Intel Corp. , Laurel Springs School , Louisiana Community and Technical College Foundation , Motorola Inc. , NASA , National Math + Science Initiative , National Science Teachers Association , National Society of Black Engineers , U.S. Office of Naval Research , Sigma Xi , Society of Automotive Engineers , Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers , Society of Women Engineers , State Department , U.N . Global 500 Environmental Forum , United Technologies Corp. , The University of Texas at Austin , U.S. Coast Guard , UTeach Institute and the William James Foundation .
— Former Noozhawk staff writer Ben Preston received his master 's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 2011 , and can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk or @ NoozhawkNews . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
TIRANA , Albania ( AP ) — Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artifacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under the country 's barely explored coastline .
Archaeologists at the Albanian Underwater Archaeology conference warned Tuesday that the wealth of underwater artifacts in the country 's southwestern seabed , near its border with Greece , could easily fall prey to looters or treasure hunters .
James Goold , chairman of the Florida-based RPM Nautical Foundation , said the objects — dating from the 8th century B.C . through to World War II — would be a great tourist attraction if properly displayed .
Goold 's RPM has mapped out the Ionian seabed from the Greek border all along to the Vlora Bay , finding at least 22 shipwrecks from the ancient times to World War II and hundreds of ancient amphorae . Those long , narrow terracotta vessels carried olive oil and wine along trade routes between North Africa and the Roman Empire , where Albania , then Illyria , was a crossroad .
Advertisement
`` The time has come to build a museum for Albanian and foreign tourists , '' said Albanian archaeologist Neritan Ceka .
Some amphorae may have already been looted — they are not infrequently seen decorating restaurants along the Albanian coastline .
Albania is trying to protect and capitalize on its rich underwater heritage , long neglected by its former communist regime , but preservation still receives scarce funding from the government in one of Europe 's poorest nations .
The arrival of RPM 's Hercules research vessel 11 years ago was `` a real revolution , '' Ceka said , praising its professional divers , high-tech sonar and remotely operated underwater vehicle .
RPM and a joint Albanian-Italian expedition are the only scientific underwater efforts in Albania so far , both with the government 's approval .
Now RPM believes it 's time for the not-for-profit Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization , which is based in Texas , U.S. , to explore the possibilities of excavating shipwrecks , a financially expensive and scientifically delicate process .
`` There 's a special environment in Albania , because the coast has been so protected for so many years , '' said INA 's David Ruff , a former commander of a nuclear-powered submarine .
Ruff said `` one of the real gems of Albania is the Butrint site '' — a UNESCO-protected ancient Greek and Roman site in southernmost Albania close to the Greek border .
He said INA 's Virazon II research vessel will stay for a month in Albanian waters `` to understand the coast of Albania and if we can run a large-scale excavation here . ''
___
Follow Llazar Semini on Twitter https : //twitter.com/lsemini
This undated image released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , shows Steven Wiggins , who was identified by the Humphreys County Sheriff 's Office as a suspect in the killing of a sheriff 's deputy . A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesman tells news outlets that the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , after a vehicle was reported stolen . ( Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via AP )
The Presidency wishes to affirm that the private sector will play an advisory role in the National Food Security Council recently announced by President Muhammadu Buhari .
The Senior Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari , on Media and Publicity , Mr. Garba Shehu , disclosed this on Monday in Abuja .
According to him , the President is aware of the huge interest indicated by the private sector since the composition of the Council was announced , as well as the reservations expressed by groups that felt left out .
We wish to emphasize that the Council constituted by the President was more of a think tank that would focus mainly on policy , while various groups from the private sector would be called upon to make sectoral presentations from time to time .
Everybody will be carried along as the Council will work closely with all stakeholders .
The Council will be inaugurated by President Buhari on Monday , March 26 .
Bill English is a safe pair of hands . A Conservative with a Conscience . A good Kiwi Bloke . Reasonable , rational , progressive .
Anyway , that 's the recurring view among supporters of the leader of the National Party .
It 's a lot to lose . Which is why Bill English should quit . Sooner rather than later .
English this week denied reports that he 's planning on quitting before the next election . But I 'd wager he wo n't be there in 2020 . He 's smarter than that .
Advertisement
Every day that he hangs on in the job of National leader is a day that chips away at the solid reputation he 's managed to carve out over nine years as a careful Finance Minister and a safe-as-houses Prime Minister .
English did a remarkable thing coming back from that horrible 2002 election defeat . No one should underestimate the courage it would 've taken to run in last year 's election . No one should underestimate the work it took to win an impressive 44 per cent of voters .
It 's equally remarkable that those voters are sticking by him . They 're refusing to budge despite all the charm , sweet talking and impressiveness of the new Labour Government . That 44 per cent has gone nowhere . In this week 's Newshub-Reid research poll , that 44 per cent declared they were standing by their man .
But it wo n't last . Nothing lasts forever . At some point , National supporters may get over their anger at the sense their election victory was stolen from them . They may come to accept a new Government . They may even like Jacinda Ardern and go goey over her greatest political weapon : baby Gayford . The chances of English holding 44 per cent of voters through to the next election are slim .
For English , it 's better to leave when those voters still love him . It 's better to go out while it still looks like it 's his choice . Because , when the polls dip , the hungry and ambitious younger MPs — who this week declared their undying support for English — will be the first to knife him . They 're ambitious . They see their chances slipping away with time . They probably tell themselves at night that they can take English 's 44 per cent and claim the victory in 2020 .
Plus , every day that English hangs around is a day where the veneer of being a Conservative with a Conscience slowly rubs off . It started during the election campaign . There was the bootcamps for young offenders policy . Then this week the whole caucus voted against Green MP Chloe Swarbrick 's liberal marijuana bill . The whole caucus . Even those like Chris Bishop who publicly said that they would support it . Were those MPs guided towards changing a conscience vote ? Did that happen under the apparently progressive Bill English 's watch ? And then the final clanger this past week . A bill , promoted by new MP Andrew Falloon , that aims to lock away recidivist offenders for longer . This , when research tells us prisons fix nothing . This under the watch of the man who once described prisons as `` a moral and fiscal failure '' .
There are rumours that the business world wants English . Rumours of job offers on boards . That would surely be a happier place than the frustration and insecurity of Opposition .
Make no mistake though , National is likely in for a tough time when English does pull the pin . The party 's support will probably drop . Few other National MPs convey the same steadiness and old-slipper comfort that English does . Ambition and greed could take over . It could be an ugly sight as MPs clamour to fill his spot and tear down any replacement who does n't deliver .
But , if the party does fall to bits when he quits , that wo n't be a bad thing for English personally . It 'll just prove he was all the things his supporters think he is . At least , what they think at the moment .
• Heather du Plessis-Allan is on NewstalkZB Wellington , weekday mornings .
The grand stretch to the evenings fills me with so much distress that a few years back I set up a political party : People Agin Spring ! Our emblem was a bowl of ReadyBrek and we stood on a platform of “ Darkness at 5 o'clock all year round , so everyone stays inside , eats complex carbs and watches telly . ”
In three short hours , a Twitter account garnered 59 followers , until abruptly I lost interest – due to depression triggered by that spooky evening light lingering too long in the sky .
However ! Mother Nature 's consolation prize for spring is the arrival of all the beautiful new things in the shops . Suddenly the leftover s * * te , at 90 per cent off , is swept away by a tsunami of pretty , fresh , pastel-coloured clothes , shoes , and – best of all – bags .
This year , though , I 've been anxious because of the launch of a bag that can trace its lineage all the way back to the bumbag of the 80s . This , my friends , is the beltbag .
Simpler times
Now , a short history lesson . I lived through the 1980s first time round and they were nothing like as appealing as current TV series are making them seem . ( Five words . Ay ay , ay , ay , moosey . ) Back in the late 1980s , we wore bumbags , like as our actual handbags , not just holiday things , because – and please be kind – we knew no better ! Simpler times , simpler times .
Wearable bags are convenient but bumbags remind me of testicles – useful but not beautiful . So you can understand why the heralded arrival of the beltbag has had me worried sick .
Unfortunately among the new arrivals , there are some bumbags . But others – which we will concern ourselves with – are very different : still small enough to be worn ( even across the chest or back ) , but they 're shaped like elegant purses , come in beautiful colours and are threaded through pretty leather belts with delicate metal buckles instead of foul plastic chunky slots . ( As if they were seatbelts . Like , I mean . )
Lots of fancy designers – Miu Miu , Moschino , Gucci , Sportmax – have done versions . ( I would sell my granny for the Valentino version . Pink , tanken yew . ) Naturally the high street are sure to follow with their tributes . So far I 've only seen the Topshop offering – but is n't it beautiful ? And * speaks out of the side of my mouth * … in the right light , with a few jars on board , could probably pass for Versace .
Teenagers wanting to have a civil union or de facto relationship will soon require approval from a judge .
Parliament is considering a bill in the name of National MP Joanne Hayes which is designed to protect 16 and 17 year-olds from forced marriage in New Zealand .
It will require them to get consent from a Family Court judge rather than their parents .
MPs on the Justice Committee have unanimously backed the bill after public hearings , and also decided to extend it to other legal relationships .
Advertisement
The committee 's report said civil unions and de facto relationships provided many of the same legal protections as a marriage and including them in the legislation would avoid potential loopholes .
Some MPs on the committee expressed concerns that the law change would make legal recognition of de facto relationships less accessible .
`` Balanced against this , however , we recognise that requiring court consent for de facto relationships would help to protect 16 and 17 year-olds from being forced into any legally recognised relationship .
`` Because the law generally treats legal relationships the same , a de facto relationship could be exploited in ways this bill aims to prevent if it were excluded from the requirement for court consent . ''
Under existing law , 16 and 17 year-olds who wish to marry only need parental consent . Around 30 people of this age marry a year , mostly female , and Hayes ' bill aimed to prevent them being married against their will .
At its first reading , Hayes told Parliament that child marriage and forced marriage were `` the most horrific culture practices that could happen '' .
`` There are horrific stories that I have heard to do with forced marriage and child marriage that just absolutely sicken me , and we must ensure that they must stop here in New Zealand before they get legs and carry on , '' she said .
`` We know that some girls also are exported to New Zealand for the purposes of forced marriage . All this has to do with a fee to parents , a bit of a story given to the young woman who is told , 'you come over here , you 'll get free education , we 'll look after you ' .
`` And they end up as slaves in an unwanted marriage and one that ends in violence , to the point that we hear stories of where young women lose their lives , and there is no justice for them . ''
The bill was initially put in the private member 's ballot by former National MP and Equal Employment Opportunities Commissioner at the Human Right Commission Jackie Blue , who handed it over to Hayes when she left Parliament .
Fine Gael leadership contender Leo Varadkar has indicated he will not call an early general election if he succeeds Enda Kenny as taoiseach .
Mr Varadkar also said the decision of British prime minister Theresa May to call for an early UK election does not have any impact on the process of electing a new leader of Fine Gael , or any other matter in the Republic .
He did , however , say it makes it even more important that a new executive in Northern Ireland is formed .
The Minister for Social Protection was speaking at the launch of a new advertising campaign to help clamp down on welfare fraud . He was asked if Mr Kenny should stay on as leader if there is political turbulence because of the UK election and Brexit .
Mr Varadkar said the timing of Mr Kenny 's departure is a matter for the Taoiseach himself . Mr Kenny has said he will deal with the issue of his leadership after the April 29th summit of the European Council , which will adopt the EU 's negotiating stance on Brexit .
He said any delay to the Brexit process would be a “ relatively short one ” and said the outcome of the French election would have “ as much if not a greater bearing ” as the British election , which is expected to take place on June 8th .
When asked if a new taoiseach could also seek his or her own mandate as Mrs May has done , Mr Varadkar indicated he would not do so .
“ The circumstances in Britain are very particular . The opposition in Britain is in total disarray and the Conservatives are 20 points ahead in the polls , ” said Mr Varadkar .
“ I 'm sure , or I hope at least , the new leader of Fine Gael will give Fine Gael a bounce . I do n't think we 'll be 20 points ahead in the polls and obviously we are in a very different situation as well in that we have entered into a partnership with Independents .
“ I think it would be wrong for a new leader of Fine Gael to pull the rug out from people who we have made a partnership with . So I would n't anticipate an early general election in Ireland . ”
He also said that the parties in Northern Ireland should focus on forming an Executive in Stormont before they campaign in the Westminster election .
“ I 'm not sure if it has any impact on issues here in the Republic of Ireland , ” he said . “ It will impact on the efforts to put together an executive in Northern Ireland and I think it 's now important that the parties in the North redouble their efforts to form an administration before they go out campaigning in the Westminster elections . ”
He also said he would be “ happy ” to engage in a television debate as part of the upcoming Fine Gael leadership contest .
FRANKFORT , Ky. ( AP ) — The Latest on sexual assault allegations against Kentucky GOP state Rep. Dan Johnson ( all times local ) :
4:15 p.m .
The Republican leadership of the Kentucky House of Representatives says a GOP lawmaker should resign after a woman accused him of sexually assaulting her in 2013 .
A news release from the four GOP House leaders on Monday called a report released earlier in the day by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting `` compelling and deeply troubling . '' The report quotes Maranda Richmond as saying that Dan Johnson assaulted her in the basement of his house in the early morning hours of Jan. 1 , 2013 .
Advertisement
Johnson did not respond to a telephone message seeking comment Monday .
The leaders of the state Republican and Democratic parties have also called for Johnson to resign . Republican Gov . Matt Bevin said he has not seen the report and wanted to wait `` until we get some facts '' before commenting .
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims , but is doing so because Richmond has gone public .
___
2:10 p.m .
A Kentucky lawmaker who attracted national attention last year when he compared President Barack Obama and his wife to monkeys has been accused of sexual assault .
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting quotes Maranda Richmond as saying she has asked Louisville police to reopen an investigation of Dan Johnson .
Johnson was elected to the state legislature in 2016 — after he posted the Facebook remarks about the Obamas . He did n't respond to a voicemail Monday . Richmond says Johnson assaulted her in 2012 . She says she reported it to police in 2013 , but the case was closed without charges . No one at the police department responded to a telephone call seeking comment .
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims , but is doing so because Richmond has gone public .
FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) — The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie .
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America 's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China , the pecan 's largest export market .
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry .
The retail value for packaged nuts , seeds and trail mix in the U.S. alone was $ 5.7 billion in 2012 , and is forecast to rise to $ 7.5 billion by 2022 , according to market researcher Euromonitor .
Advertisement
The Fort Worth , Texas-based American Pecan Council , formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion , is a half-century in the making , said Jim Anthony , 80 , the owner of a 14,000-acre pecan farm near Granbury , Texas .
Anthony said that regional rivalries and turf wars across the 15-state pecan belt — stretching from the Carolinas to California — made such a union impossible until recently , when demand for pecans exploded in Asian markets .
Until 2007 , most U.S. pecans were consumed domestically , according to Daniel Zedan , president of Nature 's Finest Foods , a marketing group . By 2009 , China was buying about a third of the U.S. crop .
The pecan is the only tree nut indigenous to North America , growers say . Sixteenth-century Spanish explore Cabeza de Vaca wrote about tasting the nut during his encounters with Native American tribes in South Texas . The name is French explorers ' phonetic spelling of the native word `` pakan , '' meaning hard-shelled nut .
Facing growing competition from pecan producers in South Africa , Mexico and Australia , U.S. producers are also riding the wave of the Trump Administration 's policies to promote American-made goods .
Most American kids grow up with peanut butter but peanuts probably originated in South America . Almonds are native to Asia and pistachios to the Middle East . The pecan council is funding academic research to show that their nuts are just as nutritious .
The council on Wednesday will debut a new logo : `` American Pecans : The Original Supernut . ''
Rodney Myers , who manages operations at Anthony 's pecan farm , credits the pecan 's growing cachet in China and elsewhere in Asia with its association to rustic Americana — `` the oilfield , cowboys , the Wild West — they associate all these things with the North American nut , '' he said .
China earlier this month released a list of American products that could face tariffs in retaliation for proposed U.S. tariffs on $ 50 billion worth of Chinese goods . Fresh and dried nuts — including the pecan — could be slapped with a 15-percent tariff , according to the list . To counter that risk , the pecan council is using some of the $ 8 million in production-based assessments it 's collected since the marketing order was passed to promote the versatility of the tree nut beyond pecan pie at Thanksgiving .
While Chinese demand pushed up prices it also drove away American consumers . By January 2013 , prices had dropped 50 percent from their peak in 2011 , according to Zedan .
U.S. growers and processers were finally able in 2016 to pass a marketing order to better control pecan production and prices .
Authorized by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 , federal marketing orders help producers and handlers standardize packaging , impose quality control and fund research , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which oversees 28 other fruit , vegetable and specialty marketing orders , in addition to the pecan order .
Critics charge that the orders interfere with the price signals of a free , unfettered private market .
`` What you 've created instead is a government-sanctioned cartel , '' said Daren Bakst , an agricultural policy researcher at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
Before the almond industry passed its own federal marketing order in 1950 , fewer almonds than pecans were sold , according to pecan council chair Mike Adams , who cultivates 600 acres of pecan trees near Caldwell , Texas . Now , while almonds appear in everything from cereal to milk substitutes , Adams calls the pecan `` the forgotten nut . ''
`` We 're so excited to have an identity , to break out of the pie shell , '' said Molly Willis , a member of the council who owns an 80-acre pecan farm in Albany , Georgia , a supplement to her husband 's family 's peanut-processing business .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Brother ‘ begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life '
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Child nutrition supervisors immediately responded yesterday after a high school student notified them of an unexpected protein served with their school lunch . ( Photo : Sherrie McWhirter Dickerson‎/Facebook )
BRUNSWICK COUNTY , NC ( WWAY ) — A high school student found some unexpected protein served with their lunch !
Brunswick County Schools spokeswoman Jessica Swencki says the student 's prepackaged and sealed strawberry cup contained a worm .
Child nutrition supervisors immediately responded and have seen pulled the fruit from being served in the cafeterias .
The district received the strawberry cups as part of the commodity delivery from USDA/NCDA . Child nutrition officials notified NCDA of the incident .
The school system says “ food safety is the top priority for the district 's child nutrition program and we regret one of our students was served this product . ”
Swencki said while officials will make every effort to ensure this does not happen again , it is important to remember that agricultural products like strawberries are harvested and processed .
A MAN from Bulawayo has been arrested for allegedly stealing his deceased brother 's property in Lochview suburb on the day he died .
Sifundo Moyo ( 39 ) from Pumula East suburb allegedly stole Leesborn Moyo 's cellphone , laptop and vehicle registration book on January 19 .
Sifundo appeared before Western Commonage magistrate Mr Lungile Ncube charged with a single count of theft .
He pleaded not guilty to the charge and Mr Ncube remanded him out of custody to February 8 for trial .
Prosecuting , Mrs Memory Ndlovu said on January 19 at around 10PM Sifundo was phoned after his brother had passed away .
“ He went to his brother 's house in Lochview where he demanded his brother 's cellphone , took a laptop and vehicle registration book , ” she said .
“ When the deceased 's relatives came to collect his property they discovered that the cellphone , registration book and laptop were missing . Mandla Moyo who is the older brother approached Sifundo who told him he had sold the cellphone and the laptop . ”
The court also heard that the matter was reported to the police leading to Sifundo 's arrest .
The vehicle registration book and the laptop , said Mrs Ndlovu were recovered after investigations were carried out . The phone valued at $ 15 was not recovered . Chronicle
Market Highlights :
Smart highways are those which are built in with different technologies to make day-to-day traffic flow easy and manageable . The higher demand for travel and awareness about the time being consumed are driving the smart highways market . The increased need for more reliable , safe , and efficient transportation and growth of interstate highways market are playing a major role in shaping the future of smart highways market .
The concept of Smart Highways Market is to resolve traffic issues and minimize the traffic , in order to make travel experience less time consuming .
The major forces driving this market are congestion free travel experience and less time consuming .
The technologies which are implemented in the smart highway are lane departure warning , automatic number plate recognition , incident detection system , and many more . Adoption of such technologies is playing a major role in boosting the market growth .
The global Smart Highways Market is expected to grow at approx . USD 44 Billion by 2023 , at 16 % of CAGR between 2017 and 2023 .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2931
Major Key Players :
LG CNS Corporation ( South Korea )
Alcatel-Lucent S.A. ( France )
Siemens AG ( Germany )
Kapsch AG ( Austria )
Cisco Systems ( U.S . )
Indra Sistemas , S.A. ( Spain )
IBM Corporation ( U.S . )
Schneider Electric SE ( France )
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. ( China )
rafficCom ( Austria )
Xerox Corporation ( U.S . )
Market Segmentation :
The smart highways market has broadly been segmented on the basis of technology , display system , service and deployment . On the basis of technology , the global smart highway system can be segmented into intelligent transport management system , intelligent traffic management system , intelligent communication system and intelligent monitoring system .
By service , the global smart highway market can be segmented into maintenance and operation services , consultancy services and managed services . By deployment , the global smart highway market can be segmented into on-cloud and on-premise . By displays , the global smart highway market can be segmented into digital signage , variable signage and others .
Market Research Analysis :
Regional analysis for smart highways market is studied in different geographic regions as America , Europe , Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World .
The major forces driving this market are the need for more reliable , safe , and congestion free travel experience . This increased need is playing a major role in shaping the future of smart highways market .
The study reveals that Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing market and is expected to be the biggest market on the basis of need for advancements and execution of smart cities projects .
Regional Analysis :
The regional analysis of smart highways market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific , North America , Europe and Rest of the World .
It has been observed that U.S. region would account for larger share in smart highways market . The region has strong connectivity and therefore can provide more accurate information which helps in managing the traffic issues . The infrastructure of the U.S. region is another contributing factor that accounts for its higher market share .
The study reveals that Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing market which is expected to exhibit a significant growth in smart highways market in the forecast period . In Asia-Pacific countries like China , Japan and Korea will spur future growth in the market .
The transportation companies are providing intelligent highway solution and services to enable smart city projects .
The government is also supporting the highway technology vendors and supplier companies through investments to support them in developing new technologies and products .
Browse Full Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-highways-market-2931
Intended Audience :
Technology investors
Integrated device manufacturers ( IDMs )
Original manufacturers ( OEMs )
Smart grid integrators
Research/Consultancy firms
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
DERBY , England — Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard is taking over as manager of second-division club Derby .
The English team says the 39-year-old Lampard has signed a three-year contract .
The former England international says `` I know it wo n't be easy - managing a football team never is - but I 'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead . ''
In his time at Chelsea from 2001-14 , Lampard became the club 's record scorer with 211 goals , made 649 appearances and was the heartbeat of teams that won three Premier League titles , four FA Cups and the Champions League in 2012 .
Lampard started out at West Ham before finishing his career with short stints at Manchester City and then New York City FC in Major League Soccer before retiring last year .
By The Associated Press
A church group is appealing for donations of tents and sleeping bags as it tries to help homeless people in Corby .
Volunteers from the Candle of Light Christian Spiritual Church has been going out over the Christmas period to give out warm clothing , bedding and food to people sleeping rough for several years .
Tents are needed to help the homeless in Corby
But they are now trying to extend their work with homeless people in the town and earlier this year they started operating from the Corby Volunteer Centre every Wednesday between 11am and 3pm .
They are giving out hot food and drinks , clothes and tents as well as providing access to a hot shower outside .
Dennis Binks from the church , which is part of the Corinthian Church , said : “ Last Christmas we went out and found 18 homeless people and took food to them .
“ We are now getting between 15 and 30 people coming along on a Wednesday .
“ But we have n't got all the homeless coming here for help . ”
Dennis is keen for the church to try and help as many homeless people as they can , and he is appealing for help with this .
He said : “ We are desperate for tents and sleeping bags .
“ When the weather is wet , the tents and sleeping bags are soaked . ”
Dennis said they have got tarpaulins to put over the tents to help out when the weather is bad , but any donations of equipment which can help people who are living on the streets would be welcomed .
As well as donations of tents and sleeping bags , Dennis said they would be very grateful for donations of tinned food , dried food , packets of biscuits , crisps and bottled water .
They are also in need of clothing for men and women , as well as women 's underwear to help any females who come to them for help .
Anyone who would like to make a donation can call Dennis on 07914 270842 .
Stevie Nicks ‘ new ballad , “ Your Hand I Will Never Let Go , ” will be featured in the Naomi Watts-led drama , The Book of Henry . The song was written by Thomas Barlett and Ryan Miller .
“ Drowned in thought and caught in a stare/ Talking to ghosts who were not there , ” Nicks sings plaintively .
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Hear Stevie Nicks ' Soft New Song ‘ Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go '
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
What is this thing we call spring ?
It 's a rebirth of sorts — a new awakening . A new beginning . A new life , in a way .
Take a ride and you 'll see spring in daffodils that have sprung up .
Walk down many streets in your community and take in the cherry blossoms that have sprouted .
Visit just about any park and you will see softball games being played , Frisbees being thrown , children swinging on swings and dogs barking at ducks on the pond .
Spring is in the air all around us .
It 's in the bright yellow daffodils that have appeared , seemingly out of nowhere .
It 's in the hydrangeas and soon-to-sprout tulips in our neighbors ' yards .
Spring is in the people hanging over the backyard fence , catching up on neighborly gossip that escaped them during the winter .
It 's in dog lovers walking their furry friends with a zip in their step and a smile on their face .
It 's in bicyclists who round corners with a little more pep at this time of year .
It 's in joggers who no longer have to dodge ice patches on their morning runs .
It 's in the sound of the snowblower being dragged to the storage shed , where it will rest until called upon again next winter .
It 's in the sound of the lawnmower and the leaf blower , both of which have emerged and are so necessary at this time of year .
It 's in the sound of children who have come out from behind their video games and television sets to enjoy the outdoors once again .
It 's in the sound of the hammers and saws as building and remodeling take shape once again .
It 's in the sounds of the chirping birds who have returned from spending the winter in sunny Florida .
It 's in the sight of the robin sitting proudly in the backyard before flying away just in time to escape the reach of the neighborhood cat .
It 's in the crack of the bat as the first-year Little Leaguer gets his first-ever hit and in the sound of pride in the stands as Mom and Dad watch the veteran Little Leaguer round the bases after hitting his first-ever home run .
Yes , spring is all around us . Enjoy it while you can . Because , you know , it wo n't last forever .
Local school officials are preparing for change under the state 's new finance system
The California Legislature 's new school funding formula estimates that it will take eight years to get districts back to pre-recession levels , but local districts are n't sure what to expect with the new school finance system .
The Santa Barbara Unified School District , and other districts , passed their budgets for next year with a plan for level funding , although the Department of Finance estimates that districts will be back at 2007-08 levels , the highest pre-recession levels , by 2021-22 .
After years of cuts , districts hope the new funding formula and Proposition 30 passing will stop the bleeding . Santa Barbara Unified expects to receive about $ 2.6 million from Prop . 30 , the sales and income tax increase passed last November , and used funds this year to avoid cutting five days from the school year . It and many other South Coast districts also have capital bonds and parcel tax measures to supplement state funding .
State funding will now be portioned out with a “ base grant ” amount for each student per day , with additional money for districts with large populations of low-income and English-learner students .
The Legislature 's budget will fund training , materials and technology for Common Core State Standards implementations for two years , which is some additional money .
The Local Control Funding Formula is expected to pay an average of $ 7,640 per student in base grants .
Larger districts with high percentages of students eligible for free or reduced lunch , and English learners , should get thousands of dollars more per student by 2021-22 , topping out around $ 10,000 per student .
Department of Finance estimates show that the Santa Barbara Unified School District 's funding per student would increase from about $ 7,000 per student per day currently to $ 10,400 by 2021 , similar to other large districts in Santa Barbara County .
Cold Spring School and Montecito Union School are both one-school basic aid districts and wo n't qualify for the supplemental or concentration grants due to very small numbers of low-income and English learner students .
“ Basic aid ” districts already receive more than the base level from the state due to high property tax revenues , so they expect level funding for the next eight years unless they have an increase in property values . Because of high property areas within the district boundaries , both districts already earn up to four times the amount per student that most local revenue-limit districts do .
Cold Spring School earns $ 18,759 and Montecito Union School earns $ 24,578 per student per day , and a big motivation for the new funding formula was to make funding more equitable .
“ That 's a significant change , and not everything in public education and performance for our students is about money , but it 's really hard to do performance without money , ” said Assemblyman Das Williams , D-Santa Barbara . “ My entire life as a public servant , I doubted that we would ever be able to address some of the inherent inequities in public education . ”
The increased base grant funding and supplemental grants will make a big difference for Santa Barbara and Ventura county schools , he said .
“ A lot of people do n't think about Santa Barbara and Ventura as urban schools , but they are in terms of the characteristics demographically , with English learners and funding , ” Williams said . “ We have revenue-limit school districts that get the bottom level of funding that is possible to get , and the Local Control Funding Formula passed June 14 will change that . ”
The Local Control Funding Formula also puts more money in the hands of local education leaders , said Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson , D-Santa Barbara .
“ Virtually all of the spending is going to be determined by schools , ” she said , adding that more money was added to the community colleges budget , with goals to get back to pre-recession funding there as well .
K-12 districts have been cut so deep that legislators are hoping just to get back to the 2007-08 levels within eight years . Jackson was n't sure if the 2021 levels will still include deferrals — the state holding onto money it owes districts for months or years at a time .
Districts wo n't be made whole until all of the deferrals are paid back with cost-of-living adjustments , education leaders have said .
Districts all over the state have been borrowing money in the form of TRANs — Tax and Revenue Anticipation Notes — to keep the lights on and paychecks going out while they wait for deferred state money .
The budget does include several billion dollars to pay down some of the debt in deferred payments to education and other state departments .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
JEFFERSON CITY ( AP ) — Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens ' resignation announcement Tuesday will elevate another military veteran and conservative Republican to the state 's top job , and his experience working with legislators could smooth his transition to power .
Mike Parson will automatically ascend from lieutenant governor to governor on Friday when Greitens steps down . The current governor announced his plans to depart as the Legislature met in a special session to determine whether he should be impeached following investigations of his political and personal life .
Parson , 62 , spent more than a decade as a legislator representing southwest Missouri , experience that will likely give him a better working relationship with lawmakers than Greitens , 44 , who was a political novice when elected governor in 2016 .
`` He 's tried and tested , '' Republican Rep. Bryan Spencer said of Parson on Tuesday . `` He has a lot of friends in ( Jefferson City ) , and I think that will be beneficial for him to get things done . ''
Greitens , a former Navy SEAL and Rhodes scholar , came into office criticizing `` corrupt career politicians . '' He repeatedly clashed with fellow Republicans on issues such as lawmaker pay and his moves to create a majority on the State Board of Education that would fire the education commissioner — a priority Greitens never fully explained .
A nonprofit formed to promote Greitens ' political agenda , using funds from non-disclosed donors , ran attack ads against Republican Sen . Rob Schaaf , a frequent critic of opposed Greitens ' proposals and tactics .
`` Every time Greitens attacks the senators or calls us all career politicians , that makes Parson look better , '' Sen. Paul Wieland , a St. Louis-area Republican who butted heads with Greitens , said shortly after Greitens was indicted .
`` When I look at the two of them , here 's one of the biggest differences : Parson respects the office , he respects the institution of the Senate , he respects state government , he respects this building , '' Wieland said .
Parson served two tours in the Military Police , in Germany and Hawaii , for the U.S. Army . He later spent 12 years as Polk County sheriff . He spent another dozen years serving in the Missouri Legislature , where he strongly opposed abortion and supported the National Rifle Association . He was elected lieutenant governor in 2016 .
Parson also is a third-generation farmer who successfully sought an amendment to the Missouri Constitution designed to protect farmers from having to modify their practices to satisfy the concerns of animal-rights groups . Voters narrowly approved the amendment in 2014 , amid strong opposition from the Humane Society of the United States and questions about whether it protected out-of-state farm owners .
`` He 's a simple guy , '' Wieland said . `` That 's not a negative . He is what he is . There 's no pretention . He does n't try to put on airs or pretend like he 's something he 's not . ''
Parson 's annual financial disclosure forms show that he and his wife , Teresa , have acquired more agricultural land over the past decade , growing their property to 90 acres in 2016 from 22 acres in 2007 . The couple also operated rental properties and had an interest in two golf courses over the past decade . His wife is a bank loan officer .
After taking office , Parson investigated complaints about the treatment of patients at the state veterans ' home in St. Louis and , in December , called for the ouster of its administrator . Greitens followed up by appointing five new members to the Missouri Veterans Commission and directing them to fire the administrator .
Parson also garnered headlines for seeking an increase in his office 's budget to hire a personal driver . The state also added $ 54,000 to its budget to remodel the lieutenant governor 's Capitol office for the first time in 12 years after Parson was elected .
Parson has been a strong abortion opponent and enjoyed the National Rifle Association 's endorsement in his 2016 campaign . In 2007 , as a Missouri House member , Parson backed legislation to strengthen a law allowing home , business and vehicle owners to use deadly force in warding off attackers .
He initially planned to run for the Republican nomination for governor in 2016 , but he opted out of the crowded field and entered the race for lieutenant governor instead . He raised $ 2.9 million in contributions , including $ 200,000 from the Republican State Leadership Committee . He won by more than 10 percentage points over Democrat Russ Carnahan , the son of the late Democratic Gov . Mel Carnahan .
He underwent heart surgery on Christmas Eve in 2016 to remove blockage but recovered in time for the inaugural ceremony less than three weeks later .
Parson was born in Wheatland , Missouri , and graduated from Wheatland High School in 1973 . He and his wife have two children and five grandchildren .
___
Hanna reported from Topeka , Kansas . Margaret Stafford in Kansas City , Missouri , also contributed to this story .
Turkish officials announced the release of two Iranian nationals from the captivity of kidnappers in the city of Istanbul .
Turkey 's police said on Monday that the two Iranian tourists , who had been kidnapped last month in the district of Zeitoun Borno in Istanbul , as well as three other foreign hostages were rescued in an operation , Tasnim News Agency reported .
It came after one of the Iranian hostages had managed to escape the kidnappers and inform neighbors and the police on their whereabouts .
Iranian police liaison officer at Tehran 's Embassy in Ankara had contacted the Turkish police and followed up on the issue .
One of the kidnappers was arrested during the raid .
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:01 Parker Jones 's steal , free throws save the day for Mission Prep in win over SLO High
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican congressman and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA , where he kept mostly to himself .
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria , Virginia , baseball field , officials said .
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving his southern Illinois home . The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans , but authorities said they 're still working to determine a motive .
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting , sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field .
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille , who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym , said he assumed the man was homeless because he wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes . Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that he was troubled , Euille said .
“ I never saw him get mad when people were talking good , bad or ugly about any of the political parties , ” Euille told The Associated Press . “ He was just a very calm , rational person , I thought , ” he said .
Stephen Brennwald , another YMCA member , said he never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “ loner. ” Brennwald thought it was odd he never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about him but never did , he said .
“ There 's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a congressman , ” said Brennwald , an attorney .
Hodgkinson , who was armed with a handgun and a rifle , died from multiple gunshot wounds to his torso , the FBI said . Federal investigators are working to trace his weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of his aides , Zack Barth , was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully . Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries . A former congressional aide was hospitalized .
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him . FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public 's help in piecing together Hodgkinson 's whereabouts and activities while he was in Alexandria .
“ We 're just not sure at this time ” how he spent his time , he said .
Kristina Scrimshaw , a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene , said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks . He always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone , barely speaking to anyone , including the bartenders .
“ I did n't like him from the beginning , ” she said . “ Nothing I can really put my finger on , but he was just not a pleasant person . ”
The gunman 's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump 's election and recently went to Washington to protest , but Michael Hodgkinson said he did n't know why the man stayed in the area .
“ I know he was n't happy with the way things were going , the election results and stuff , ” the shooter 's brother told the newspaper .
Until recently , Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house in southern Illinois .
His Facebook page shows he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign .
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper , the Belleville News-Democrat , which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012 . Many included complaints about the same theme : income inequality .
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter . Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving .
In 2006 , he was arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face , then striking her boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man , according to a sheriff 's department report .
While trying to drive away from that confrontation , the report said , Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt . The charges were dismissed later that year , according to the court clerk .
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County , which includes Belleville , since 2011 , Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring .
On March 24 , Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside his house , which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson 's home . When he went outside , he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield . He was squeezing off five or six rounds at a time , according to the report of the incident , and fired about 50 shots in all .
“ I yelled , ` Quit shooting toward the houses , ” ‘ Schaumleffel said .
When Hodgkinson refused to stop , Schaumleffel called the sheriff 's department .
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle , which he said he was simply using for target practice .
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes , given that the rounds can travel up to a mile . No charges were filed .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Hamilton does not deserve Amazon Treatment of Mac students does not satisfy the requirements for Amazon 's new headquarters
On Sept. 27 , city council approved spending as much as $ 500,000 on a bid to host Amazon 's second headquarters . The city will contribute $ 250,000 and private donors will contribute $ 250,000 .
This was already a pipedream given competition such as Toronto , Vancouver and major US cities are able to spend $ 2 million on their bids and Hamilton fails to satisfy such Amazon preferences as “ [ m ] etropolitan areas with more than one million people. ” Since announcing their intentions , the city has also managed to demonstrate failure when it comes to other aspects of the bid .
Following the events of homecoming and the related street wide party on Dalewood Avenue , city council , with only ward 3 councillor Matthew Greens and ward 15 councillor Judi Partridge opposing , passed a motion for additional bylaw officers be added to the Westdale and Ainsile Wood areas . These two neighbourhoods surround McMaster University .
This motion was forward by ward 1 councillor Aidan Johnson , who is the current representative of the boundries where the university and neighbouring areas are located . He argued that the program is necessary to improve the hygiene of the area and the enforcement of law in the area .
This knee-jerk reaction continues to pull at a few much larger issues . Instead of working with the student union for a non-punitive , educational and restorative approach to bylaw management , as proposed by vice president ( Education ) Ryan Deshpande and associate vice president of municipal affairs Stephanie Bertolo , the city simply decided that lip service to get students to pay more fines was better than actively working towards solutions .
With the issues about student retention in Hamilton coming up every so often , you would think the city would at least try to improve on this when this is a core part of the Amazon bid .
It explicitly states that Amazon has a preference for , “ Urban or suburban locations with the potential to attract and retain strong technical talent , ” and that , “ A highly educated labor pool is critical and a strong university system is required. ” Hamilton has demonstrated their intention to do neither .
Green stated that the bylaw management program unfairly targets students , sends a bad message for the city wanting to retain graduates and stigmatizes the population . He is right .
While I respect the fact that something had to be done , this particular effort and the way it was conducted disrespected the student body . Though our student representatives had strong enough points for city councillors to concede to , they were ultimately fruitless in changing the vote or even delaying it to find better solutions .
Hamilton had an opportunity to move forward in their efforts to retain students by at least pretending to care about the perspectives of the McMaster population , and could barely be bothered to try . The city has a significant way to go to even hope to compete for Amazon .
Comments
SAVE WATER : New rebate by the Southern Downs Council to make it easier to save water and money .
In an effort to assist the many Southern Downs residents who wish to do the right thing for the environment , the Southern Downs Regional Council is offering a water tank rebate as part of the 2017/18 budget .
The council stated the water tank rebate will make it easier to save water and money .
The offer is being made to ratepayers who install a water tank which is plumbed to their dwelling for any degree of household usage , such as toilet , laundry or general use .
In order to receive the rebate , ratepayers must provide evidence of the purchase of the water tank and the works carried out to plumb the tank into their home .
Evidence should be in the form of tax invoices for the purchase of the tank , the address the tank was delivered to and from the plumbers who plumbed the tank into the house .
The council noted that the rebate does not apply to pre-installed tanks and can only be applied once per property .
To be eligible , ratepayers need to have their water tank installed on their property within the 2017/2018 financial year .
Upon approval , council will allow a rebate of 100 % of a water access charge levied on the property for the full financial year , regardless of when the evidence is provided .
The extent of the rebate is based on the size of the water tank installed .
The rebate was one of the key recommendations handed down by the Stanthorpe Water Security Assessment Study conducted by the Queensland Government Department of Energy and Water Supply ( DEWS ) and was subsequently adopted by the council on September 28 last year .
Southern Downs Mayor Tracy Dobie said the water tank rebate achieves two benefits for the community .
It will make accessing and using water more affordable for residents and will reduce the demand on the region 's water supply .
`` I 'm very pleased council endorsed this decision , ” Cr Dobie said .
`` Water becomes cheaper for residents , and the demand on the region 's water supply decreases .
`` In an era of awareness of water security , anything council can do to improve it is important .
`` I encourage all eligible residents to take up the rebate on offer . ”
From Kayode Ogundare , who was in Accra :
One ( dis ) advantage of going undercover for any assignment is the likelihood of you falling in love with your quarry .
I must admit I did n't think much about Zambia coach Wedson Nyirenda until the last few days when I got the brief that I was going to be covering the Chipolopolos ' preparations at their Accra , Ghana training camp .
And , after watching him work at close quarters with his players in four training sessions at the Marcel Dassailly-owned Lizzy Training Complex , I want to pretend that I know enough of how his mind is working ahead of the all-important World Cup qualifier against Nigeria on Saturday at the magnificent Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo .
For starters , Zambia 's preparations have been bogged down by injuries and withdrawals , and the possibility of captain and first-choice goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene not been fully fit for the game .
So , acting on this premise , I wo n't be surprised if stand-in goalkeeper Toaster Nzabata gets the nod if Mweene fails to make the team .
I do n't know why but I think Nyirenda is working on the assumption that the soft underbelly of the Nigerian team is in their defence , especially the full-backs , and he 's working hard to exploit that frailty . All through the training sessions , assistant coach Aggrey Chiyanji was constantly in charge of the strikers and their routine comprised mainly of trying to break down the full-backs with Fashion Sakala and Alex N'gonga doing quick runs to the right and left while relying on thorough balls from the midfield anchor which would likely be Enoch Mwepu or Chisamba Lungu or even both of them depending on what formation the coach decides on .
In the middle of the park , I expect the experienced Konduani Mtonga and Kabaso Mulenga to support Mwepu and Lungu in a four-man midfield but , should Nyirenda chose a more offensive formation , Mtonga gets my vote to play with Mwepu and Lungu in midfield in a 4-3-3 formation .
A 4-3-3 formation will mean a mobile four-man defence and I will vote Simon Silwimba , Fackson Kapumbu , Ziyo Tembo and the imposing Stoppila Sunzu . If for nothing else , this quartet has played together in the back-to-back victories over Algeria and that familiarity will help to understand among them .
Now , stretching it further , an adventurous Nyirenda knows he can not afford to sit back and allow the Super Eagles to come at his team so he 's condemned to attack and a three-man attack looks very attractive .
Sakala , N'Gonga and Patson Daka ( if he shakes off his knock ) should get the starting nod against Nigeria and this , I must say , is a pretty strong side able to eke out a result .
Tactically , the strategy is to nullify Nigeria 's very offensive play by stifling the attacking intent of the Super Eagles . This is where Sunzu 's imposing build and the experience of Mtonga and Mulenga will come in handy .
Conventional wisdom will dictate that a coach be wary of a backlash against the venomous firepower of the Nigerian team , especially at the Uyo stadium where they have scored seven goals in two games in World Cup , but Nyirenda is anything but conventional .
If anything , he 's a maverick . I give him an A for boldness and guts . He 's doing what most African coaches rarely do : look so-called star players in the face and drop them .
If calling the bluff of players like Fwayo Tembo was not enough , dropping Rainford Kalaba took some guts . I thought he was and still is a decent player . Besides , he 's captained the team . Who drops captains ? ? ? ?
Nyirenda 's quiet revolution will yield fruit for Zambia in time provided he stays on track and the Football Association allow him to continue in the job .
However , meeting Nigeria at this stage , with a World Cup ticket at stake , is a bridge too far . We may underrate our own team , and I 'm not saying this lightly , but the Super Eagles are one of , if not , Africa 's most attack-minded team . There are just too many offensive pressure points in the team such that you ca n't plug all at once .
Zambia 's time will come , maybe in 2022 because the current squad , made up of very young players is too talented not to play at the highest level .
Now time to look into my crystal ball and hazard a guess as to what Zambia 's probable starting line-up would be on Saturday .
My guess is as follows : Mweene ; Silwimba , Kapumbu , Sunzu , Tembo ; Mtonga , Mulenga , Lungu , Mwepu ; Daka , Shonga
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again ! ! Guaranteed ! ! ! All NATURAL ! No Side-Effects ! Click Here ! now .
Uncover how I make $ 750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools .
Ipswich Town vs Newcastle United
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet !
In August 2017 Ann Marie Walsh Harte learned that her then five-year-old son Lewis would not receive a new treatment for his Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
Lewis was diagnosed with the muscular disease when he was two years old . “ It 's a terminal condition , you 're looking from teens to twenty five maybe , and that 's with or without medicine ” Ms Walsh Harte explained . “ What we do know is that the drug ( Translaran ) would keep Lewis walking for at least seven to 10 years . ”
Currently there are five children in Ireland who are suitable for the drug Translarna . The American made drug is available in 22 other European countries . And while it is not available in the Republic , the drug is available to those who need it in Northern Ireland .
Lewis Harte was diagnosed with the muscular disease when he was two years old . Photograph : Enda O'Dowd
Ms Walsh Harte and her husband Pádraig , who live in Co Mayo , first heard the HSE would not make the drug available in January 2017 . They appealed the decision and it was rejected again in August . “ That decision was not acceptable to us , when we were told it was like a death in the family ” said Ms Walsh Harte . “ Being a no decision is something that I ca n't accept because my son is slowly dying . ”
After the refusal the drug company , PTC Therapeutics , began legal action against the HSE . It is believed to be the first time a company appealed a drug funding decision to the High Court .
Lewis 's family has continued to campaign on his behalf and Ms Walsh Harte met Minister for Health Simon Harris on November 10th of last year . Mr Harris subsequently met members of Muscular Dystrophy Ireland . On January 24th of this year the issue was raised in the Seanad by Sinn Féin Senator Rose Conway Walsh . She said : “ The HSE has come back to the drug company and said we need to start the process again , we need to make a new application .
“ This really concerns me because of the length of time that it would take for that process to go from start to finish . ”
“ I would plead with the Minister to do a conditional approval . We 're not taking about about hundreds or thousands or even dozens of children . We 're talking about five children . ”
To compound the issue for Lewis , his physio in Castlebar took a leave of absence last August and he has been without physio since . “ We 're doing the best we can by doing the physio we know and keeping him up and active , but things can be missed and physio is paramount for the condition . ”
Ms Walsh Harte now hopes that the decision by the HSE on Translarna is made quickly . “ These kids do not have time on their side for 18 months , not even six or three months ” said Ms Harte “ Having that ray of hope that there 's a medicine there has kept us going… knowing we can save him from this , that 's all I want , to save my son ” .
In response , the HSE said : “ Given there is a High Court case pending the HSE can not comment further on the previous application . The HSE has informed the company in writing that it will consider any new application received in a timely fashion in line with the statutory requirements which it is legally required to consider . ”
MIAMI - The company responsible for construction of the pedestrian bridge that collapsed just off the Florida International University campus has gone dark on social media .
The Facebook and Twitter sites for Munilla Construction Management ( MCM ) have been deleted , although the company 's website is still operating .
On the website , the company says it deactivated the social media pages `` out of consideration to the families and victims '' of the accident and for the `` safety of our employees . ''
A message expressing the South Florida family-owned company 's thoughts after the bridge collapse remains on the homepage of mcm-us.com , along with a message refuting a report that claimed the company was responsible for an accident on a job site at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport .
MCM 's Twitter handle , @ WeAreMCM , can no longer be found on the social media platform , and the company 's Facebook page is also missing .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
There are several ways for businesses and individuals to advertise what they are selling and one of the most effective ones is via free classifieds in Abu Dhabi . Just imagine what you can find through such listings , the amounts of products and services , jobs even , rentals and such . There are many opportunities for everyone and free advertisement in Dubai bring sellers and buyers together .
Selling products and services is not always easy , especially if you do n't advertise them properly . Finding prospective buyers is even harder when your items are especially targeted to a specific market . Not just small businesses benefit from free classifieds in Abu Dhabi , but regular individuals as well . It is the most affordable way of advertising , being free and widely accessible to everyone . It is free to post ads and for users , it is free to browse through them . You can enjoy functionalities , like chatting with buyers directly , negotiating prices and answering to any questions .
Online listings accept ads from almost any category and you can choose where to post the free advertisement in Dubai . Selecting the right category is essential , so that people can find your product easily . When they are looking for something , people search online and they use listings to find what they need or just to see what other people are offering . You never know when someone stumbles upon your announcement and gets in touch with you , eventually closing the deal and buying your product or service . On listings you can find various opportunities , such as electronics , gadgets , pets , cars , clothes and accessories , apartments and even jobs .
Even if you are looking for services , maybe you need a professional to help around the house or a mechanic , you can search on listings and see who is available within the area . Why not buy directly from someone familiar ? With less money you can find quality products and services and all in Dubai . Maybe you need a new gadget , you want to decorate your house or even move to a new building , on listings there are many ads available and without question , something for everyone . It is worth visiting such websites , since many people manage to buy something interesting thanks to them and even make an investment .
Advertising items was never easier , because if you take a minute to compare the available resources back in the days , they were very restrictive . Nowadays , you can save ads you are interested in , you can send messages to sellers , if you do n't want to make direct phone calls and those who post ads are not limited to a number of words and can include photos , to aid the description and increase chances of selling . There are a lot more features available and websites offering listings know how to assist sellers and buyers . Everyone is more than invited to post an advertisement , attracting prospective buyers through all the possible means .
Have you thought about trying free advertisement in Dubai ( https : //freesoog.com ) ? You can reach more customers and you can post free classifieds in Abu Dhabi ( https : //freesoog.com ) at any time .
PRATTT COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating suspects in connection with a drug arrest .
Just after 8a.m . Friday , a deputy with the Pratt County Sheriff 's Office conducted a routine traffic stop , according to a social media report .
During the stop the deputy obtained probable cause to conduct a search of the vehicle . The search resulted in the seizure 10.5 pounds of methamphetamine with a street value of approximately $ 404,000.00
The sheriff 's department did not release additional details late Friday .
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother . - Kahlil Gibran
MILWAUKEE ( AP/WTMJ ) -- A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack pleaded not guilty Monday to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago .
Marcus Hutchins entered the Wisconsin federal courtroom with a smile . He entered his plea , where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere . After the short appearance , he hugged family .
Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on August 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas , where he was going to board a flight to his home in England . He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention .
Hutchins ' attorney , Marcia Hoffman , said after Monday 's brief hearing that Hutchins will fight the charges and that `` when the evidence comes to light , we are confident he will be fully vindicated . ''
`` Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero , '' Hoffman said .
Hutchins left afterward in a white SUV with tinted windows . He was asked if he has a message to his supporters as he was leaving federal court with smiles for the camera . He replied `` Thank you . ''
He is free on $ 30,000 bail , with conditions . His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S. , but he can not leave the country . He was also granted access to use a computer for work and in general , a change from an earlier judge 's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet .
Hutchins ' current work was n't detailed at Monday 's hearing . Hutchins ' attorney Brian Klein said he was pleased the computer restrictions had been lifted , `` ... allowing [ Hutchins ] to return to his important work . ''
The next hearing in the case was set for October 17 , with an October 23 trial date , though the latter was expected to change due to the case 's complexity .
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a `` kill switch '' to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus . It crippled computers worldwide , encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom .
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim , he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users . In addition to computer fraud , the indictment lists five other charges , including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization .
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015 . Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin . The name of Hutchins ' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment .
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Queen is one of the most recognisable figures in the world - but her day-to-day life remains shrouded in secrecy for many .
Sitting there in Buckingham Palace all day , it would be easy to ponder what Her Majesty gets up to .
Does she sit around playing with Prince George and Princess Charlotte ?
Well , not quite .
No , it turns out the Queen is busy day in , day out .
And , naturally , she needs to keep her energy levels up .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Now , according to the Mirror , a former Buckingham Palace chef has exposed the royal family 's eating habits .
Darren McGrady worked in the palace kitchen for 11 years before going on to serve the Princess of Wales .
`` The Queen loves to eat any food from the estate - so game birds , pheasants , grouse , partridge ... but she also loves chocolate , the darker the better , '' Mr McGrady told Marie Claire .
William and Harry appeared to be like any other child .
`` I remember the Princess [ Diana ] came into the kitchen one day and said , 'Cancel lunch for the boys I 'm taking them out , we 're going to McDonald 's .
`` And I said , 'Oh my god your royal highness , I can do that , I can do burgers . ' And she said , 'No , it 's the toy they want . ' ''
Mr McGrady also revealed he completely revamped the menu to cut out fats and keep Diana happy .
The princess loved fish , never ate red meat and steered clear of anything with mayonnaise or sour cream it is , according to the chef .
Mr McGrady said Diana would often have a fat-free version of what her guests were having , but `` no one would know the difference '' .
He also said Philip would walk around in and out of the kitchen in `` tatty old clothes '' , prompting him to mistake the prince for a `` gardener '' .
But when the family did come together for dinner , they donned their ball gowns and black ties in true Downton Abbey style .
Hello beauties !
Rouge Bunny Rouge Luna Raw Garden Eyeshadow Palette launches later this week . Along with this launch the brands adds one more shade to their Liquid Foundation . Basically their entire range includes only 6 shades so if this is n't exclusive then I do n't know what is . Even though I have a light skin and I can easily find a color match within any foundation range I ca n't help thinking about others . Who does only six foundations shades anymore ? What happened to the darkest colors ? That 's why I love brands like Fenty Beauty as they thought of everyone and included everyone when they launched their foundation line . While other brands still have to work harder , step up their game and came up with the darkest colors as well .
Availability
U.S. & UK / International Launch Date – 27 April 2018 at Bloomingdales , @ rougebunnyrouge.com RBR-CHICPROFILE20 code to receive 20 % discount at RBR boutique
Rouge Bunny Rouge Luna Raw Garden Eyeshadow Palette 2018
Rouge Bunny Rouge Luna Raw Garden Eyeshadow Palette – Limited Edition
Named after the crescent-crowned moon ancient Roman deitry , the Luna limited palette is truly our Long Lasting Matte Eye Shadows best-of selection . Each color is rich , complex , superlatively flattering and versatile in itself – together a fantastic mini kit for a wonderful variety of beauty looks .
Our palette of the finest silky matt shades with rich payoff comprise :
Papyrus Canary – pale , sophisticated creamy beige , ideal matt highlighter , shade to instantly lift and accentuate
– pale , sophisticated creamy beige , ideal matt highlighter , shade to instantly lift and accentuate Bashful Flamingo – pale , semi-opaque powder pink with an eye-brightening effect ( as good as wearing brightening pencil on your waterline ) . Visually deepens and intensifies eye color .
– pale , semi-opaque powder pink with an eye-brightening effect ( as good as wearing brightening pencil on your waterline ) . Visually deepens and intensifies eye color . Sweet Dust Seriema – semi-opaque , cool , dusty mauve taupe ideal for smoky eyes ; works well as an eyeshadow powder ( blonde and cool brown hair ) . Try for subtle contouring .
– semi-opaque , cool , dusty mauve taupe ideal for smoky eyes ; works well as an eyeshadow powder ( blonde and cool brown hair ) . Try for subtle contouring . Chestnut-napped Apalis – powdery chestnut beige with a hint of warm cacao dust . Doubles as brow powder ( auburn and red hair ) .
– powdery chestnut beige with a hint of warm cacao dust . Doubles as brow powder ( auburn and red hair ) . Blackpepper Jay – smoky , black brown , perfect go-to smokey eye color . Doubles as brow powder ( black hair ) .
RBR black quintet keeper is adorned with exquisite illustrations and equipped with a large mirror as well as a double-sided applicator brush .
Vasiliy Lomachenko is on the mend .
THE RING lightweight champion underwent arthroscopic surgery Wednesday morning at Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles to repair a torn labrum in his right shoulder , according to Top Rank , Lomachenko 's longtime promoter .
The procedure was performed by Dr. Neal S. ElAttrache , the world-renowned orthopedic surgeon who also repaired Manny Pacquiao 's torn rotator cuff following his loss to Floyd Mayweather .
Lomachenko ( 11-1 , 9 KOs ) suffered the injury during the second round of his title challenge of Jorge Linares on May 12 , but the two-time Olympic gold medalist still managed to score a 10th-round stoppage victory .
The 30-year-old Ukranian was slotted to return on Aug. 25 , likely in a unification fight against Ray Beltran at The Forum in Inglewood , California , but those plans are now scrapped . He still plans to return in 2018 .
“ He had an extensive labral tear , approximately 270 degrees with a small amount of cartilage damage and a bone impaction injury , all resulting in instability of the shoulder , ” said ElAttrache , who serves as the team doctor for the Los Angeles Ram and Los Angeles Dodgers . “ He underwent an arthroscopic repair of the labrum as anticipated with no complications .
“ Based on the result of the surgical repair , we are optimistic for an excellent prognosis and for him to return to competition at his previous level of performance . ”
THE RING 's No . 2 pound-for-pound fighter made no mention of the injury immediately following the win over Linares , but he said Tuesday that he “ was aware something was not right with my shoulder straight away , but I could not disappoint my fans with excuses . ”
One day later , Lomachenko deemed the operation a success in a caption posted on Instagram accompanying a photo of the champion in a wheelchair with his right arm in a sling .
“ Every once in a while when he would spar , he 'd have pain in the shoulder but then he 'd ice it and then there 'd be no problem , ” Lomachenko 's promoter , Bob Arum , told ESPN . “ But this time it was different with the pain he was having in the fight and after the fight .
“ If the shoulder does n't come around in time we 'll have to postpone it , but we 're looking at him being ready to go Dec. 8 . But we know there are no guarantees . ”
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com . Follow him on Twitter : @ MikeCoppinger
— Noozhawk intern Amanda Hoffman can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Help Noozhawk Storify the 2013 Summer Solstice Celebration ! Use # sbsolstice with your social media and we 'll look to add it to our parade story .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Harry Redknapp has revealed he agreed to become Birmingham 's new manager after getting “ fed up ” with his time out of football .
The 70-year-old has been confirmed as Gianfranco Zola 's successor , and will be assisted by former Bristol City manager Steve Cotterill as he bids to preserve their Championship status .
Zola 's run of only two wins from 24 fixtures has left the club 20th and only three points above the relegation zone with three games to play , but Redknapp told TalkSport : “ I got fed up sitting around doing nothing . I will come and live up here until the end of the season .
“ If I can keep them up then we can sit down and talk about going forward .
“ I got a phone call last night from the people at Birmingham .
“ I drove to London , had a meeting for 10 to 15 minutes , sat down and said ‘ Yeah , I will do it , no problem ' . I got home and my wife said : ‘ Are you mad ? ” '
“ Birmingham is a proper club . It is a good club . They are in a precarious position and we have got the worst goal difference as well .
“ I 've gone in there , said I will come and do it . The money I am not interested in . ”
Birmingham fans chanted for Zola 's departure during Monday 's 2-0 defeat by Burton , after which the Italian resigned .
The club 's season began promisingly under new Derby manager Gary Rowett , who led them into contention for promotion before unexpectedly being sacked and replaced by Zola .
Redknapp 's last job in English football came at Derby last season , when he worked as a football advisor alongside then-manager Darren Wassall .
He also worked with the Jordan national team for two games , but was last a manager in England with QPR , who he left in 2015 after guiding them to promotion to the Premier League at the first attempt . In a previous spell in the Championship he inspired Portsmouth to the 2003 title .
His first match as manager comes at cross-city rivals Aston Villa on Sunday . They then host promotion contenders Huddersfield , and visit the similarly relegation-threatened Bristol City .
UK outfit Notus Heavy Lift Solutions has set up a US business unit to target the offshore wind market in North America .
The company has opened an office in New York and is also looking to open a second base in Boston in Massachusetts in the near future .
Notus has appointed Richard Probert as global head of sales to help promote the company 's US offering .
Notus managing director Wesley Walberg said : “ With the many years of inhouse experience and expertise Notus Heavy Lift Solutions has gained within the EU offshore wind industry , we are in a strong position to add significant value and contribute to the burgeoning US offshore wind sectors .
“ Our primary focus will be to provide the correct level of support at an accelerated pace to overcome the steep learning curve that the US sector finds itself in . ”
Image : Notus Heavy Lift Solutions
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Promising young coach Ben Garner believes his schooling under Tony Pulis will stand him in good stead when he takes the plunge as a manager .
Pulis was so impressed with Garner , after the pair worked together at Crystal Palace , he brought him to West Bromwich Albion as first team coach in October 2015 .
Garner was then quickly promoted to the role of joint-assistant head coach in September last year .
The 37-year-old , a former youth team player at Palace , has designs on one day becoming a manager .
The experience of working under Pulis and the knowledge he has gleaned should , Garner reckons , serve him well as a head coach in future .
“ I 'd like to go on and take a team myself and Tony 's aware of that - he 's been a big help in that respect , ” Garner said .
“ I had a really good conversation with him in pre-season which was helpful .
“ So for me it 's now a case of doing a good job here , helping the team and keep learning every day .
“ If I get presented with an opportunity to become a head coach or managing myself then I 'll look at that on its own merit and decide what to do really .
“ Until it arises I 'll carry on what I 'm doing here to the best of my ability . ”
Pulis has the final say on so much at the club .
So it says a lot about his relationship with Garner , and the faith he has in his abilities , that he allows the Londoner to play such a prominent role at the Hawthorns .
“ My role here is great . I love what I do , ” Garner added .
“ Being able to work with the players every day and have an impact on the training pitch .
“ Tony gives me responsibility in terms of opposition analysis and presenting team meetings and delivering tactical information to the players .
“ From my point of view it 's been a great education working under him at Crystal Palace and here .
“ It puts me in a strong place personally to progress in the future . ”
Garner , whose playing career was cruelly cut short by serious injury as a 19-year-old , has already been linked with a manager 's job .
His name was in the frame when Championship club Nottingham Forest sought a successor to Phillippe Montanier in January .
“ There was certainly no approach , ” Garner insisted .
“ There was no opportunity there for anything to be discussed or looked at .
“ That was speculation so there was nothing to discuss . ”
1:06 Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State Pause
1:05 Washington 's Markelle Fultz and Noah Dickerson discuss the team 's loss to Washington State
4:38 QB Jake Browning talks after Peach Bowl loss to Alabama
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:33 Hands On Children 's Museum rings in the new year
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
2:19 Highlights : Timberline turns up defense , routs Emerald Ridge 62-41
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
LEXINGTON , S.C. ( AP ) — A Baptist church in South Carolina plans to remove a hand-carved statue of Jesus Christ because some congregants believe it 's too `` Catholic '' for their place of worship .
The hand-carved , 7-foot ( 2-meter ) statue and accompanying reliefs depicting scenes from Christ 's life have been displayed outside Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington for a decade .
But in a letter to the artist , Pastor Jeff Wright said the art would be removed this week .
`` We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature , '' Wright wrote in the letter to Delbert Baker Jr. A friend of Baker 's posted the letter on Facebook .
Advertisement
Wright wrote that the statue and reliefs bring into question `` the theology and core values of Red Bank Baptist Church , '' but he did n't elaborate .
The pastor did not return telephone calls or respond to messages The Associated Press left in person with his staff at the church Wednesday .
The letter said Baker had until Thursday to remove the art if he wanted to keep it . If not , it would be destroyed . Workers at the church refused to tell the AP if that deadline remained in place .
The dispute is a symptom of a larger `` dysfunction '' in the Southern Baptist Convention , said Bill Leonard , a professor of Baptist studies at Wake Forest University .
`` Almost week to week there 's another incident in which southern Baptists portray themselves ... having convictions that look like bias and prejudice in the larger culture , '' Leonard said . `` The bias is so deep that they even think they have the wrong Jesus is in front of their church . ''
In his own letter responding to Wright , Baker explained his vision of the art , saying it was meant to show Red Bank Baptist had a focus on Christian outreach .
`` This is why Christ is represented as though he is stepping outside of the building , not just confined to the idleness of inner walls , '' Baker wrote in the letter , which his friend also posted on Facebook . `` Under each arm , the reliefs depict scriptural and historical events that we as Christians believe represent the life of Christ . ''
The reason that has been given for removing the art makes no sense , Baker added , because a large sign out front identifies the building as a Baptist church . Instead , the explanation makes it appear that congregants are disparaging Catholics , Baker wrote .
`` I was obedient to my Lord in creating it and after much prayer I must respectfully decline to take part in its removal , '' Baker wrote .
Baker did not respond to telephone messages from the AP on Wednesday .
___
Information from : The State , http : //www.thestate.com
Sir , – Apparently indulgences are to be available for attendance in Croke Park in August .
Will they be plenary for the Cusack and partial for the Hill ?
Having been to Croker a zillion times , I should be in credit when turning up at the turnstiles at the Pearly Gates . – Yours , etc ,
COLM O'ROURKE ,
Dublin 3 .
Sir , – How do you measure time in eternity ? – Yours , etc ,
EDMUND J FRENCH ,
Dalkey , Co Dublin .
Sir , – Will partial indulgences only be granted to those who have paid their television licence fee ? – Yours , etc ,
GEMMA McCROHAN ,
Ballinteer , Dublin 16 .
Sir , – Campaigning against the Eighth Amendment in 1983 , as part of the Dublin Rape Crisis Collective outside the polling station on Gardiner Street , I was blessed by a priest who hoped I would not spend too long in purgatory . Now we are told to go to confession if we voted Yes , but if we attend Pope Francis 's event all will be forgiven . Who really believes this superstitious nonsense ? The Catholic Church should stop digging . – Yours , etc .
MARY QUINLAN ,
Dublin 3 .
Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside , Calif. , is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack , and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges .
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit :
In his plea , Marquez admits that his friend , Syed Rizwan Farook , paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015 . That 's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook 's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center . Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College ( RCC ) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California . Those plans never materialized .
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said , `` While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed , the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center . ''
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it .
He did acknowledge that he was a `` straw buyer '' when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack .
According to a Justice Department statement :
`` Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country , '' said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden . `` It is purchases like Marquez 's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino . The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form . It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community . In this case , the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack . ''
Mandy Pifer , whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack , told The Associated Press that Marquez 's plea agreement brought mixed emotions :
`` It 's a hell of a day to come out , Valentine 's Day , '' the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said . `` I 'm relieved that it wo n't be a long trial . If it 'll be finished sooner , I 'm all for it . '' She said she planned to speak at Marquez 's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend 's killing has had on her . In his last moments , Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table , shielding her from the bullets . `` It is what it is , '' she said . `` Nothing 's going to bring him back . ''
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning .
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17 , 2015 .
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison .
AMSTERDAM ( AP ) — A group of cyclists slams on the brakes as a man pushing a wheeled suitcase stops abruptly in the middle of a busy bike path in downtown Amsterdam to pick up a toiletries bag he dropped .
`` If we wait a bit longer , he 'll probably start cleaning his teeth , '' one rider says to his neighbor , humor failing to mask his frustration .
It 's a scene that is emblematic of the problem of overtourism that is clogging the streets of cities like Amsterdam , Rome , Barcelona and Venice .
The Dutch capital , with its World Heritage-listed canals , narrow streets and web of alleys in its red-light district , is now pushing back in an attempt to keep the city attractive to visitors and residents alike . But some say it 's not going far enough .
Advertisement
Overnight stays in hotels here rose from just over 8 million in 2006 to 14 million in 2016 . The number of people visiting the Anne Frank House has set records seven years in a row , to nearly 1.3 million last year .
Every weekend , the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars . They gawk at scantily-clad prostitutes flaunting themselves behind windows in the red-light district , and they jam cafes where marijuana is permitted .
City alderman Udo Kock has a message for the drunken revelers : `` If the only reason for you to visit Amsterdam is to get loaded , to get stoned out of your mind , look , we ca n't hold you back from coming , but we do n't want you here . ''
It 's not just the young visitors arriving via budget airlines , staying at cheap hostels and hotels . Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships moored nearby and Airbnb guests shoving suitcases noisily along cobbled streets and you have a toxic mix for local residents .
With attractions such as the Van Gogh Museum , Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House , Amsterdam has plenty of places of interest beyond the red-light district . Tourists pump cash into the economy and create jobs , but the impact of millions of visitors on a city of 850,000 is high .
`` It hurts the character of the city , '' Kock said . `` There are really neighborhoods ... where you simply see that the people that used to live there do n't want to live there anymore . ''
`` That 's where the problem lies . How do you maintain the balance so that the old city does n't become a ghetto where there are no shops , no facilities that locals are interested in ? '' said Stephen Hodes , co-owner of leisure industry consultancy LAgroup and founder of Amsterdam in Progress , an independent think tank .
Musician Kyra Philippi lived with her family in Amsterdam 's historic canal ring until budget hotels and Airbnb rentals transformed the neighborhood . Philippi 's quiet street became a busy path between downtown and the budget hotels . Airbnb guests began partying in a communal garden . `` We were living in a really old beautiful canal house and it was super noisy , '' she said . `` We could n't really enjoy being there so much anymore . ''
With three children , the family relocated to a quiet neighborhood on the city 's edge .
Amsterdam is trying to regulate the problems , but Kock said `` there is no golden bullet ... It 's such a complicated problem that you have to use every policy measure that you can possibly find , big and small . Everything . And you have to be creative . ''
Among the many changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering : halting construction of new hotels ; banning `` beer bikes , '' which are large , slow , pedal-powered bars ; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new tourist-only stores in the oldest part of the city and its busiest shopping streets .
One of the biggest deals was with Airbnb , which agreed to enforce a 60-day-per-year limit on Amsterdam properties and to collect tourist tax for the city from renters .
Another proposal is to change the way the tourist tax is levied , from a percentage of hotel room rates to a flat rate . That would hit lower-priced rooms harder and perhaps be a disincentive to budget travelers . Changing the tax formula might encourage more growth `` from the higher end of the market and less of that growth will come from the lower end of the market , '' Koch said .
But Hodes says the tax plan and other measures are not enough .
`` It 's all symbolic . The problem is radical and the only way to change radical problems is radical solutions , '' he said .
Hodes advocates a halt on building new hotels , not just in Amsterdam but also in the region around the city , ending cruise ship tourism and rigorously enforcing a recently approved ban on touring cars entering the city .
But he concedes that overtourism will be a tough beast to tame .
`` No one ( anywhere in the world ) has come anywhere near solving this problem , '' Hodes said . `` The problem is much bigger than we 're able to handle at the moment . ''
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaiʻi Island Police served a search warrant at a Puna home where drug dealing was suspected for the second time this year .
Yesterday ( April 23 ) , just before noon , Vice officers from the Area I Vice Section executed a search warrant at a home on Kupono Street in Leilani Estates . Police recovered 369.3 grams of heroin , just under a gram of crystal methamphetamine , 28 grams of dried processed marijuana and just over $ 8,100 in U.S. currency . Officers also recovered a stolen wallet containing the victim 's identification .
Arrested at the scene was 55-year-old Jack Brenha and 46-year-old Samuel Keohokapu both of Pāhoa . The drugs recovered in this case have an estimated street value of just over $ 93,000.00 .
Later that afternoon ( April 23 ) , Brenha was charged with first degree promoting a dangerous drug , two counts of third-degree promoting a dangerous drug , third-degree promoting a detrimental drug , prohibited acts related to drug paraphernalia and two counts of possession of confidential personal Information .
Brenha is being held at the Hilo cellblock in lieu of $ 201,000 bail pending his initial appearance in court scheduled for this afternoon ( April 24 ) . Keohokapu was released pending further investigation .
Brenha is currently out on bail stemming from charges related to another search warrant police served on his home at the same address on February 2nd of this year . At the time of that raid , police recovered 293.2 grams of crystal methamphetamine , 9.2 grams of heroin , 56.1 grams of dried processed marijuana , just over $ 22,000 in U.S currency along with four firearms . Brenha was charged then with first degree promoting a dangerous drug and numerous other drug and firearms offenses . Brenha 's bail for those charges was $ 156,500 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Any pharmaceutical substance , whether solid , liquid or semisolid , can be characterized and analyzed using thermal analytical techniques . Pharmaceutical thermal analysis is both dynamic and diverse and pharmaceutical thermal analysis techniques are important methods for characterizing the properties and structures of pharmaceutical products . These techniques are used to analyse changes in specific properties and the analysis provides insights into the thermodynamics and kinetics involved . Various properties are analyzed using different techniques – Differential Scanning Calorimetry studies enthalpy , Differential Thermal Analysis studies and tracks the difference in temperature , Thermogravimetric Analysis measures the mass of the analyte and Dynamic Mechanical Analysis analyzes the deformity in the analyte . Although pharmaceutical thermal analysis is not a new field , more advanced techniques , applications and instruments are constantly appearing in the pharmaceutical industry .
Conventionally , pharmaceutical thermal analysis was mainly employed in research and development , but it has gained substantial influence in the pharmaceutical industry over the years . Commercially , advancements in techniques and applications have become extremely important to the pharmaceutical industry as they increase the sensitivity and decrease the time taken considerably . The dramatic decrease in the time taken will account for enormous economic benefits . Pharmaceutical thermal analysis tools can be found in nearly all analytical development and formulation laboratories within the pharmaceutical industry .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6886
Recent Developments in Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
Initially , there were primarily two differential scanning calorimetry instruments – Power Consumption Differential Scanning Calorimetry and Heat Flux Differential Scanning Calorimetry Analyzer . However , recent advancements in techniques of differential calorimetry analysis have given rise to two more versions – Modulated DCS and Tzero DCS – with significant improvements in resolution and sensitivity . These advanced technologies result in accurate characterization of a wide range of crystalline and amorphous pharmaceutical materials including proteins , tablets and frozen solutions .
Factors Driving the Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
The global market for pharmaceutical thermal analysis market is driven by analytical developments within the industry , which illustrates the importance of analytical methodologies . Pharmaceutical thermal analysis offers versatile tools for the successful analysis and development of pharmaceutical products . It also plays a substantial role in research and development , enabling research organizations to explore the properties of various materials .
Regional Outlook
Geographically , the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market can be segmented into North America , Latin America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Japan and Middle East & Africa . North America accounts for the largest share of the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market , which can be attributed to the increasing industrial R & D expenditure and the availability of public and private funding for research studies . Europe is pegged to be next in line with a substantial market share , followed by Asia Pacific .
Competition Outlook
Some of the key players in the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market are Waters ( US ) , NETZSCH ( Germany ) , LINSEIS ( Germany ) , Mettler-Toledo ( US ) , PerkinElmer ( US ) , SETARAM ( France ) , and Shimadzu ( Japan ) , Particle Technology Labs Ltd , RJ Lee Group Inc. , Harper International Corporation , Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc. , Particle Technology Labs Ltd , RJ Lee Group Inc. , TE Connectivity India Sales Office , Anderson Materials Evaluation Incorporated , Harper International Corporation and Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6886
Research Methodology
FMI utilizes a triangulation methodology that is primarily based on the overall expenditure on life science research and R & D funding and capital equipment installed base to obtain precise market estimations and insights on life science and biotechnology associated products , technologies , applications and services . The bottom-up approach is always used to obtain insightful data for the specific country/regions . The country-specific data is again analysed to derive data at a global level . This methodology ensures high quality and accuracy of information .
Secondary research is used at the initial phase to identify the feasibility of the target products/technology categories and its respective segments , product and service offerings , equipment installed base in end use facilities , adoption rate and future impact of new technologies . Additionally , per capita consumption of kits , reagents and consumables among end users is tracked at a granular level to obtain the most accurate information . Each piece of information is eventually analysed during the entire research project which builds a strong base for the primary research information .
Primary research participants include demand-side respondents such as laboratory managers , procurement managers , research supervisors at academic and research institutes , as well as key opinion leaders in addition to supply-side respondents such as equipment and reagent manufacturers , custom solution and service providers who provide valuable insights on trends , research application of products and technologies , purchasing patterns , services offered and associated pricing .
Quantitative and qualitative assessment of basic factors driving demand , economic factors/cycles and growth rates and strategies utilized by key players in the market is analysed in detail while forecasting , in order to project year-on-year growth rates . These Y-o-Y growth projections are checked and aligned as per associated industry/product lifecycles and further utilized to develop market numbers at a holistic level .
On the other hand , we also analyse the annual reports of various companies , investor presentations , SEC filings , 10k reports and earning call transcripts operating in the market to fetch substantial information about the market size , trends , opportunity , drivers , restraints and to analyse key players and their market shares . Key companies are segmented at tier-level based on their revenues , product portfolio and presence .
Please note that these are the partial steps that are being followed while developing the market size . Besides this , forecasting will be done based on our internal proprietary model which also uses different macro-economic factors such as overall life science research expenditure , R & D funding , industry based demand driving factors impacting the market and its forecast trends apart from other macroeconomic factors .
Take That Tease Hint At Surprise On Stage Appearance In Their Brand New Musical
By Alice Westoby
Fans who have n't got their tickets to see 'The Band ' might want to bag some now !
Remember way back in February last year when Gary Barlow embarked on the search for the five lead stars of Take That 's new musical , The Band ?
Well fast forward a year later and the show produced by Gary , Mark Owen , Howard Donald and Robbie Williams has enjoyed rave reviews across the country and is now looking forward to a stint in London 's West End .
The show , which follows the lives of four boyband fans as teens and then again 25 years later , will touch down in London for a Christmas run at the Theatre Royal Haymarket .
The show features the all hit music of Take That but if that 's not enough to entice fans to buy a ticket this cheeky bit of teasing from the boys might .
To announce the exciting news Mark , Gary and Howard performed on the roof of the venue for a street packed full of fans and stunned passers by .
They have been known to pop on stage at a couple of venues and join in the final number , so we asked them at the launch of the London season of The Band at the Theatre Royal Haymarket if fans could expect this again .
Gary said : `` Well you never know ! I think we all walked in here today and thought oh we 'd love to perform here . It 's beautiful , this is a gorgeous theatre so I ca n't see us not getting on that stage . ''
Mark , Gary and Howard announced a run of their musical , The Band , in London 's West End | Picture : PA
Mark joked `` It might be every night ! `` .
Ticket holders should be so lucky ! The newly announced run of the show will be from 1st December to 12th January and tickets are on sale now .
But if you do n't manage to bag some the boys have teased a world tour next year celebrating their 25th anniversary as well revealing that they 're working on the greatest hits album 'with a difference ' .
Howard said : `` We 're working on the greatest hits We 're doing extra tracks as well , some great new songs that are gon na go on there . We are gon na do the greatest hits album with a bit of a difference . Rather than just piling on the songs , we 're gon na do new versions of stuff . ''
Erm , fast forward to 2019 please !
“ The Shadow , ” “ Sam Spade , ” “ The Lone Ranger ” — these are just a few of the old-time radio shows that will be kicking off the Carpinteria Plaza Playhouse Theater 's new play season in this exciting fundraiser , “ Old Time Radio Shows . ”
Under the direction of longtime Montecito resident and well-known director Maggie Mixsell , the cast includes Independent award winners and well-known actors who have graced local stages from Circle Bar B , Ensemble and Center Stage to the Garvin and Jurkowitz theaters .
This talented group is lending their professional talent and knowledge in full support of establishing a new theatrical venue to add to the already unique blend of concerts and movies now appearing at the theater . The group is excited to be bringing Neil Simon 's comic fable The Fools to the stage in November .
The theater , having gone through various venues , celebrated its 85th birthday this year . The Carpinteria Plaza Playhouse Theater is a nonprofit corporation looking forward to also providing a place for local performers to showcase their talents , and by doing so , creating a successful future in bringing great and varied entertainment to our audiences .
The Plaza Playhouse Theater intends to woo the audiences with nine old-time famous radio shows that fascinated and entertained radio listeners during the 1930s and ‘ 40s and are still entertaining today . Each evening carries its own theme of either western , detective mystery or a surprise of mixed media , all masterfully delivered with live sound effects in the style of the old-time radio studio .
The “ Old Time Radio Shows ” opens July 19 , followed by shows July 20-21 and July 26-28 . Showtimes are 7 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays with Sunday matinees at 2 p.m . The Plaza Playhouse Theater is located at 4916 Carpinteria Ave. in Carpinteria .
Tickets are $ 15 for adults , and $ 12 for seniors and students . Tickets are available by phone at 805.684.6380 ( leave a message ) ; at The Curious Cup Bookstore at 929 Linden Ave. in Carpinteria ; directly online through the website by clicking here ; or one hour before showtime at the theater .
— Pauline Reyes is a Publicity Committee volunteer for the Plaza Playhouse Theater .
An arresting gear , or arresting system , is a mechanical system used to swiftly decelerate an aircraft as it lands . Global aircraft system market is anticipated to grow with healthy growth rate owing to increasing deployment of aircraft arresting system over naval carriers and increasing installation at airports to avoid turnovers . However , high cost of installation and operational problems of commercial airlines might hinder the market growth . Increasing use of aircraft arresting system in unmanned aerial vehicles would offer lucrative opportunities for the market in the upcoming years . North America is anticipated to lead the global market in coming years .
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type , end user , system , and region .
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period ( 2017-2024 ) .
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed .
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics ( drivers , restraints & opportunities ) and their impact analysis for the forecast period .
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities .
• Porter 's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment .
• Identification of the aircraft arresting system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators .
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aircraft arresting system industry based on their strategic attempts , financial status , and other internal and external parameters .
Market Segmentation
By Type
Net Barrier
• Cable
• Mobile Aircraft Arresting System ( MAAS )
• Engineered Materials Arresting System ( EMAS )
• Aircraft Carrier Arresting System
Request for Customized Report @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market/request-customise-form
By End User
Commercial Airport
• Aircraft Carrier
• Military Airbase
By System
Fixed
• Portable
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific ( APAC )
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report , we offer 20 % of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client 's interest in the aircraft arresting system market . Following are some most desired customization offers on this report :
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client 's research requirements .
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments ( as per request ) .
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request .
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on aircraft arresting system market covering specific country/region only .
Requests for data tables only ( specific requirement to quantitative research ) .
Access Report Details @ https : //www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aircraft-arresting-system-market
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Address : Sr. No.8/2A/1 , Vitthal Heights , Above Yashwant , Kharadi , Pune-411014
Tel : +91-20-65606016
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
Web : https : //www.esticastresearch.com
Strange Music founder Tech N9ne and artist Krizz Kaliko talk about their journey to D.C. before their show at the Fillmore on Wednesday
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Film : Fox Racing
Take a look at what went into developing Fox Racing 's top motocross boot and hear what Ryan Dungey , Ken Roczen , and Ricky Carmichael have to say about the product .
The International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) has confirmed the qualification of Nigeria , Egypt and Tunisia for the 2018 Youth Olympic Games ( YOG ) holding in Argentina .
The Youth Olympic Games will hold in Buenos Aires Argentina from 6th to 12th , October , 2018 .
According to a release by ITTF-Africa on Tuesday morning , Egypt 's duo of Youssef Abdel-Aziz and Marwa Alhodaby sealed slots in the boys and girls event , while Nigeria 's Tosin Esther Oribamise and Tunisia 's Nathael Hamdoun secured the remaining two slots in the girls and boys events respectively .
The four players – Abdel-Aziz , Alhodaby , Oribamise and Hamdoun will represent Africa in the table tennis event at the Games .
According to the President , ITTF Africa , Khaled El-Salhy , the four players are indeed the best from the continent considering the qualities they displayed at the qualifiers in Tunisia .
El-Salhy however called on national associations to make sure they give their players adequate preparation in order for Africa to put up a good performance .
“ I am satisfied with the qualities of play from all the players that took part in the qualifiers and those that emerged were indeed the best from the qualifiers , El-Salhy said .
`` I just need to appeal to national associations to ensure that these four players prepare very well for the games because I could recall at the maiden edition of the game in Singapore , Africa represented by Tunisia 's Adam Hmem partnered with a Chinese player to win bronze in the mixed doubles event and it will be good if Africa can also do well next year in Argentina . ”
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
OKANOGAN – The Okanogan River has been reopened to recreation and other activities , lifting the Sheriff 's order that closed the river on May 15 , 2018 due to flooding issues .
“ Thank you to all the citizens that complied with the river closure , ” said Maurice Goodall , director of Okanogan County Emergency Management .
The sheriff 's office advises people who are planning a trip to the river to remember there may be some areas that the banks were undercut due to the flooding and the river is still flowing swiftly with unseen debris .
The sheriff had ordered the river closed earlier this month due to the extremely high flow and ongoing flooding issues halting boating , swimming or any other activity involving the swollen river .
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
President Trump called the reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday , in response to the stories :
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . He then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July , when he urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , he said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said he had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
The Coronation Street actress died in 2016 , three days after turning 90 .
The ashes of Jean Alexander – Coronation Street 's Hilda Ogden – have been scattered at a beauty spot .
The actress died in 2016 , three days after turning 90 .
Her ashes and those of her beloved brother , Kenneth Hodgkinson , who died in October , aged 92 , were scattered near Grasmere in the Lake District this month , the Daily Mirror said .
Actress Jean Alexander ( PA )
Kenneth 's daughter , Sonia Hearld , told the newspaper : “ We spent many happy holidays there as kids . It has happy memories … Jean loved going up there .
“ It just seemed the most ­suitable thing to do . It seemed to be a nice place , a quiet place . ”
The ashes of Kenneth 's late wife , Cynthia , had already been laid there .
Sonia laughed and added : “ My mum was already there , enjoying the peace and quiet . She is probably cussing us now , saying ‘ Oh lord , those two are here ' . ”
Alexander played much-loved Corrie character Ogden between 1964 and 1987 and was later voted the greatest soap opera star of all time .
After leaving the cobbles she became a mainstay of BBC sitcom Last Of The Summer Wine as eccentric bric-a-brac shop owner Auntie Wainwright .
© Press Association 2017
By Mark Duell
A British model today broke down in tears on TV as she defended herself over doubts about her six-day alleged kidnap ordeal in Italy and why she went shoe-shopping with an `` armed assassin '' .
Chloe Ayling , 20 , said she was injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot in Milan before being bundled into the boot of a car and told she was going to be sold as a sex slave .
Today , the model from Coulsdon , South London , told ITV 's This Morning that she blamed her agent for not performing sufficient checks over the shoot , said she was wishing for a `` non-painful death '' and that doubts over her story were `` hurtful '' , the Daily Mail reported .
Advertisement
Her comments divided viewers , with some saying they did not believe the dramatic details of her story - while others said this was only because she is a woman and a glamour model .
Ayling also recalled the `` absolute panic '' of her ordeal which saw her wake up in the boot in a zip-up bag with a taped mouth and handcuffs on her feet and hands .
She told ITV 's This Morning : `` It is really hurtful to see people doubt my story . Like when I went shoe shopping apparently , which was to the camping shop to get shoes for the consulate , people were saying why did n't I run ?
`` It 's easy for them to say that but when you 're in my situation it 's not that easy . I was with an assassin that 's always armed , I 'd been shown knives .
Chloe Ayling said she was injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot in Milan before being bundled into the boot of a car . Photo / Facebook Chloe Ayling said she was injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot in Milan before being bundled into the boot of a car . Photo / Facebook
`` So I could n't just try and put my life in the hands of a random Italian woman.If I could n't communicate with her , or she did n't care , then I 'd risk my life . ''
Ayling claimed to have been snatched by a group calling itself Black Death last month before being drugged and transported in a bag to an isolated village near Turin .
She said she was held for six days there as her captors tried to auction her online - and first realised something was wrong when she arrived at the 'studio ' .
Ayling told This Morning : `` When I walked into the 'studio ' there was just silence . Normally someone would greet you at the door , closer to the door , but I just did n't hear anything .
`` So that 's why when I saw the door saying 'studio ' on it I went to open it , but before I had the time to quickly process my thoughts that is exactly when the masked man put his arm round my neck and my mouth and nose .
`` And another one came to the front of me and injected me in my wrist . Two men , two masks . Absolute panic - I did n't know what it was , I did n't know why they were doing it .
At this point I still thought someone wrong had got me and the shoot was still supposed to go on . I did n't connect it as a set up . ''
Ayling , who was bundled into the boot of a car and told she was going to be sold as a sex slave , also spoke about the moment when she woke up .
She said : `` I woke up in the boot of a car in a zip-up bag and I had tape on my mouth and handcuffs on my feet and on my hands . It was a really hot day . It was horrible .
`` I was still drugged up - I did n't process it automatically . I was trying to shout and trying to find my way out but I did n't know what was happening .
`` The car was moving and the radio was blaring as well , so I could n't really get the attention , so I had to really raise my voice , like 'driver , driver , where are we ? '
`` And then it took a while for them to actually pull over the car and come round the back . ''
She continued : `` It was when they put the pull over , I saw through the gap that they 'd put an empty suitcase above it , and at that point I thought that I was going to die .
`` Because what other reason would they put an empty suitcase about my size on top ? I was hoping for a non-painful death . I try to be as strong as possible . ''
Ayling was eventually taken to the British Consulate in Milan , but could not return home to London for almost three weeks .
She told This Morning : `` I was in Italy for three weeks before I actually came home to the UK , so what people here did n't witness was me crying almost every day , me being too paranoid to leave my room , any noises I hear I would freak out , having nightmares - no one here witnessed that .
`` I only started to get more reassured as it came to the end of the three-week period when police were trying to reassure me that they know the truth of the story and I do n't have to be as fearful as I am now when I return to the UK . ''
Ayling was freed after six days when a captor took her to the British consulate . She said she was told she would be killed by Black Death if she tried to flee .
On a website , the group purports to sell weapons and drugs , arrange murders and conduct human trafficking . But police say they have not determined whether the organisation is real , and many cyber-experts are sceptical about its claims .
Meanwhile , the chief suspect in the alleged kidnap has said he did not knowingly take part in any crime .
Lukasz Pawel Herba says his involvement stems from wanting to raise money to treat his leukaemia and that he was hired by a group of Romanians to rent properties around Europe to store garments they were selling , according to reports .
He is also said to have told investigators he posed as a photographer and met Ms Ayling .
He said he was paid £500,000 , found out the Romanians intended to kidnap her , and backed out of the plan .
The charred hulk of Grenfell Tower , a 24-storey flat block in west London , was still smouldering last night as its residents , taking shelter in nearby churches and gym halls , wondered how many of their neighbours were still inside . Police confirmed 12 dead but expected the death toll to rise as the fire brigade attempted to make an audit of the building to determine who had failed to escape the inferno .
The blaze in the council housing block , in an impoverished enclave sandwiched between some of London 's smartest neighbourhoods , started just before 1am . The fire moved slowly at first but suddenly gained pace , taking light like a Roman candle as it spread from one flat to the next , sweeping upwards and trapping the residents inside .
“ I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life at Grenfell Tower . My thoughts are with all those affected and the emergency services , ” prime minister Theresa May said last night as talks with the Democratic Unionist Party about supporting her government were postponed .
Firefighters
More than 200 firefighters tried to tackle the blaze amid scenes of horror , with reports of people jumping from the building rather than perish in the flames . One witness said that a baby was caught by a member of the public after being dropped from the ninth or 10th floor .
Local churches and mosques moved into action within a few hours of the fire , creating makeshift shelters and accepting donations of food , water , bedding and clothing . Many of those who escaped left with nothing except what they were wearing in the middle of the night , and residents of nearby buildings who were evacuated stood in the streets nearby , often shocked and silent .
Neighbours called missing friends again and again , hoping that they had miraculously escaped from the 15th or the 17th floor of the burning building .
As the community pulled together , questions were asked about safety standards at the block and repeated warnings from residents which were ignored . The building had been refurbished at a cost of millions and given a facelift with exterior cladding which gave the 1970s block a more contemporary look – and which is now the prime suspect as the accelerator of the fire .
Opera Santa Barbara is pleased to announce the re-election of Joan Rutkowski as chairwoman of the board for the 2013-14 season .
Rutkowski served as artistic administrator for the company from 2000 to 2008 , and joined the Board of Directors in 2008 .
The opera 's other elected officers include Dan Reicker , vice chairman ; Eric Oltmann , treasurer ; Martin Moskovits , secretary ; and Duncan Mellichamp , immediate past president .
“ This year , Opera Santa Barbara is celebrating our 20th anniversary season , and we are tremendously grateful to our patrons , donors , staff and many past members of the board for their considerable support of our local opera company , ” Rutkowski said . “ We have designed a new season which brings three spectacular operas to the Granada Theatre , in addition to a wide variety of outreach programs designed to engage audiences of all ages in the world of opera . ”
During the first year of Rutkowski 's tenure , the board focused on strengthening the governance infrastructure , creating a three-year strategic plan to guide the organization 's focus from 2013-16 , and increasing the board 's participation in donor cultivation and fundraising .
The board consists of 19 members . Rutkowski also partnered with the board presidents of the Granada Theatre and the Santa Barbara Symphony to collaborate on driving best practices and sustainability for the participating organizations .
To celebrate its 20th anniversary season , Opera Santa Barbara will present three fully-staged opera productions in the Granada Theatre . The season will open with Puccini 's Tosca on Nov. 8-10 , continue with Verdi 's Falstaff on March 7-9 and conclude with Menotti 's The Consul on April 25-27 .
In addition to the opera productions , the company will continue its extensive educational outreach programs , which last year reached more than 4,300 local youths . Their popular program for local schools , The Opera Lab , was extended to Ventura schools this past year , and in the coming year the program will reach into schools in Thousand Oaks and Ojai as well .
Other planned activities include a performance of a short opera written about Julia Child titled Bon Appétit on Sept. 30 to kick off Epicure SB ; a special holiday concert and their third-annual Valentine 's Gala at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore . The company has recently hired a community engagement manager whose role is to develop programs that extend the work of the organization more broadly throughout the community .
Over the past two years , subscription and single ticket sales to Opera Santa Barbara 's productions have more than doubled .
“ More and more people are discovering the beauty of opera productions in the Granada Theatre , and we are particularly grateful to all those who participated in the renovation of this glorious space , ” Rutkowski said . “ I encourage anyone in the community who has not experienced opera in the Granada to join us for one or more of our wonderful productions this coming season . ”
For more information , click here or call 805.898.3890 .
— Steven Sharpe is a general director of Opera Santa Barbara .
The software professionals need to continuously upgrade their skills to stick on to their jobs and grow in their career as new programs are developed every year in the software industry . Those who are doing jobs based on Oracle can find the lot of opportunities with the latest database Oracle 12c that has been designed for the cloud as there is surely a dearth of experts in this domain . However , to crack the interview you need to present yourself smart and have thorough knowledge in the domain to get hold of your dream job . Similarly , Oracle 11g has also been released into the market recently which is an entry-level small footprint data base that is based on Oracle and is one of the promising software for you to get good jobs in the software industry . When you are applying for a job based on Oracle 12c or Oracle 11g and not sure about the kind of questions that might be asked in an interview you can always rely on the online portals like dbainterviewquestions.com that bring you interview questions on all topics related to oracle for your preparation . You can brush up your subject going through the interview questions and also assess your capability based on how many questions you are able to answer and the topics that you need to be thorough before going for an interview .
The online portal offers questions in different sections like freshers , expert , pro and expert & pro so that you can practice the questions based on the level that you are going to attend the interview . The questions come along with the answers for you to verify and you can also join the forum to discuss any additional information related to the subject that would be helpful for your interview . You can also search the portal for information based on topic wise or a question so that you can prepare on specific portion of the subject rather than going through all the topics . There is also a quiz on each topic that makes your preparation quite interesting . By answering number of questions on the subject before actually attending the interview surely gives you a cutting edge over the other candidates and also impress the interview board with your knowledge to secure the dream job . This preparation ahead of the interview helps to not only brush your concepts but a quick preparation within short time going through the topics before attending the interview .
United state
New York
10001
( 212 ) 186-1452
Acquire the best professional oracle DBA jobs with the help of DBAinterviewquestions , as we are offering the interview questions for SQL , Oracle 12c and Oracle 11g . For more information , please visit at http : //www.dbainterviewquestions.com/
HOUSTON , TX -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - KBR , Inc. ( NYSE : KBR ) announced today that U.S . Naval Test Wing Atlantic has named Greg `` Squid '' Williams U.S . Naval Test Pilot School ( USNTPS ) Instructor of the Year . Williams was recognized at an award luncheon at Naval Air Station Patuxent River , Maryland January 31st . Williams , a KBRwyle test pilot instructor , won this annual award for his role in training the U.S. and Allied nations ' top pilots , flight officers , and engineers at the test pilot school .
`` His outstanding efforts had a positive and direct impact on the school 's mission to produce the world 's preeminent test pilots , flight officers and test engineers , '' said Capt . Brett Pierson , Commander , Naval Test Wing Atlantic .
A former U.S. Air Force experimental test navigator and electronic warfare officer , Williams belongs to KBRwyle 's flight test team , which is one of the world 's largest independent flight test organizations . He has been a USNTPS instructor since 2011 , serving as an airborne systems flight instructor , aircraft monitor , and exercise monitor .
`` It is satisfying to know that I am teaching critical thinking skills to the future leaders of naval aviation as well as our joint-service and international partners , '' said Williams . `` I like teaching airborne systems flight test techniques to TPS students since these future testers have a very important job to get the best product to the warfighter as quickly as possible . ''
As an exercise and aircraft monitor for the Airborne Systems Training and Research Support II aircraft , Williams oversaw the safe execution of 133 sorties totaling more than 350 mishap free flight hours for eight different USNTPS flight exercises in 2016 .
Williams also assisted in integrating unmanned airborne systems into new flight exercises for USNTPS curriculum . According to Pierson , Williams ' leadership of this effort resulted in significantly reduced operating costs and exposed students to UAS flight test techniques , ensuring USNTPS remains at the forefront of Unmanned Aerial Systems ( UAS ) flight test development .
KBRwyle 's flight operations team has more than 50 years of flight test support experience gained through partnership with the U.S. Navy , U.S. Air Force , NASA and other government and commercial customers . KBRwyle is a wholly owned subsidiary of KBR .
About KBR , Inc .
KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program life cycle within the Government Services and Hydrocarbons sectors . KBR employs over 31,000 people worldwide , with customers in more than 80 countries , and operations in 40 countries , across three synergistic global businesses :
Government Services , serving government customers globally , including capabilities that cover the full life-cycle of defense , space , aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development , through systems engineering , test and evaluation , program management , to operations , maintenance , and field logistics
Technology & Consulting , including proprietary technology focused on the monetization of hydrocarbons ( especially natural gas and natural gas liquids ) in ethylene and petrochemicals ; ammonia , nitric acid and fertilizers ; oil refining ; gasification ; oil and gas consulting ; integrity management ; naval architecture and proprietary hulls ; and downstream consulting
Engineering & Construction , including onshore oil and gas ; LNG ( liquefaction and regasification ) /GTL ; oil refining ; petrochemicals ; chemicals ; fertilizers ; differentiated EPC ; maintenance services ( Brown & Root Industrial Services ) ; offshore oil and gas ( shallow-water , deep-water , subsea ) ; floating solutions ( FPU , FPSO , FLNG & FSRU ) and program management
KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology , value-added services , integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results . At KBR , We Deliver .
Visit www.kbr.com
Forward Looking Statement
The statements in this press release that are not historical statements , including statements regarding future financial performance , are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws . These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company 's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements . These risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to : the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies ; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings ; the scope and enforceability of the company 's indemnities from its former parent ; changes in capital spending by the company 's customers ; the company 's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts ; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates ; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company 's ability to control its cost under its contracts ; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company 's customers ; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas ; protection of intellectual property rights ; compliance with environmental laws ; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements ; compliance with laws related to income taxes ; unsettled political conditions , war and the effects of terrorism ; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls ; the development and installation of financial systems ; increased competition for employees ; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions ; and operations of joint ventures , including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company .
KBR 's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K , any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks , and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business , results of operations and financial condition . Except as required by law , KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason .
Market Highlights :
Innovation Management refers to products , business processes and innovations in an organization . It is basically combination of management of innovation processes and change management . It involves introducing new and creative ideas in order to respond to internal and external opportunities . It makes use of innovation management tools for easy integration of new methods for implementation of innovations .
Major factors driving the innovation management market are the changing work culture and increasing demand for new and innovative products to satisfy consumer needs . There is a rapid growth in innovation management market which is driving the market growth .
The Innovation Management Market has been segmented on the basis of type , deployment , organization size , application and vertical . The vertical segment is further bifurcated into BFSI , healthcare , education , transportation , retail and government .
The retail sector is expected to hold the largest market share and grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period . By integrating innovation management with retail , there will be new business opportunities to improve and also maximize product distribution .
The global innovation management market is expected to grow at approx . USD 1,700 Million by 2023 , at 27 % of CAGR between 2017 and 2023 .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3162
Major Key Players :
Qmarkets ( Israel )
BrightIdea , Inc. ( U.S . )
Hype Innovation ( Germany )
IdeaScale ( U.S . )
Innosabi GmbH ( Germany )
Cognistremer ( Belgium )
Crowdicity Ltd. ( U.K . )
Planbox , Inc. ( Canada )
Exago ( Portugal )
Inno360 , Inc. ( U.S . )
Innovation Management Market Segmentation
The Innovation management market has been segmented on the basis of type , deployment , organization size , application and vertical . Deployment segment is further classified into cloud and on-premise . Out of which , the cloud deployment segment is expected to hold the largest market share and grow at the highest rate during the forecast period owing to ease of deployment and cost effectiveness which make it highly flexible .
Regional Analysis :
The regional analysis of Innovation Management market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific , North America , Europe and Rest of the World . It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market , whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period . The major growth in Innovation Management market in North America attributes to the technical advancements and increasing need for innovative products to satisfy consumer needs in that region .
Market Research Analysis :
The global innovation management market , by geography , has been segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa ( MEA ) , and South America . In the global innovation management market , Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness relatively faster adoption and hence the growth rate as compared to other regions . Within Asia Pacific , innovation management market is projected to contribute faster to the growth of revenue backed by increasing demand for innovative products in countries such as Japan , China and India .
Across Europe , countries including Germany , France and the U.K. are anticipated to drive the growth of innovation management market . In Europe , the presence of advanced infrastructure and with the increasing adoption of technology and technological advancements in numerous countries is driving the market growth of Innovation Management market . This helps in easy integration of innovation management tools which ultimately provides easy implementation of new innovative business processes or products .
Innovation Management market in the South America region is anticipated to witness relatively slower market growth . However , Brazil and Argentina among other countries are projected to witness slow yet steady growth . In Brazil , innovation management is increasing popularity and is expected to increase significant market share during the forecast period . Innovation Management market in the Middle East and Africa occupies a relatively smaller pie of the global innovation management market .
Intended Audience
Technology investors
Research/Consultancy firms
Platform vendors
Third party providers
Cloud service providers
Internet service providers
Application service providers
Technology providers
Technology providers
Academic and research institutes
Government associations
Browse Full Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/innovation-management-market-3162
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) `` Chiefs of Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor say their businesses face increased uncertainties due to growing protectionism .
Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees in a new year 's speech Monday to reform the company by strengthening quality control as growth slows in its key markets and trade protectionism increases uncertainties in the economy and politics .
Samsung is expected to announce this month the findings of its investigation into the Galaxy Note 7 that caught fire and overheated , prompting two global recalls and its discontinuation last year .
Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo said that South Korea 's largest automotive group aims to sell 8.25 million vehicles this year . Hyundai Motor and its sister Kia Motors missed their sales target in 2016 , selling 7.88 million cars .
On this prosperous occasion , our committee takes immense privilege to invite the participants from all over the world to take part in this conference with the theme “ Presenting Excellency of Nanotechnology to transform the World ” . The conference aims to review their knowledge , experience and share new ideas amongst the professionals , Industrialists and students from research areas of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology and take active part in the interactive discussions and technical sessions at the conference . The conference also provides a space for the companies and the institutions to present their services , products , innovations , innovative ideas and research work & results .
Chico , CA ( June 14 , 2017 ) … . The driver roster for this Friday nights 5th Annual David Tarter Memorial continues to expand with an abundance of talent . Fresno 's Gio Scelzi , driving for Roth Motorsports , and winner of four sprint car main events during this last month , has confirmed he will be one of the 20 plus drivers going for the $ 3500 winner 's check . His Roth Motorsports teammate and a three-time King of the West/NARC champion Kyle Hirst will also be in attendance . Hirst , the defending and two-time winner of the Tarter , will be one of the many favorites . Sean Becker is set to return and get back to his home track . Becker was the inaugural winner in 2013 of the Tarter and fresh off his 101-career sprint car win last Saturday night . Sacramento 's Justyn Cox and Willie Croft are two more drivers making the special trip to Chico in honor of David Tarter . Campbell 's Bud Kaeding , Hanford 's DJ Netto and Penngrove 's Michael Kofoid are two more stars ready to shine this Friday night .
The pit gate will open at 4 PM while the front grandstands will open at 6 PM . Racing is scheduled to begin at 6:30 PM . The adult general admission ticket will cost $ 14.00 ; however , all DAD 's will be admitted for just $ 9.00 on this night only . Seniors and juniors are $ 12.00 with children just $ 6.00 . Kids five and under are FREE . Joining us on this night are O'Reilly Auto Parts and Oil Recycling Rocks to give away free things to the fans .
To avoid standing in long lines the Speedway now has an on-line purchase tickets option located at www.silverdollarspeedway.com .
The real question on everyone 's mind is the health of Andy Forsberg 's motor program . The current point leader had a scary situation last Friday when his primary motor blew up into a ball of flames . The team is now down to its final motor , a motor , that already has four nights on it . With a small lead of just nine points over Michael Ing , will the No . 92 have the magic touch to make it all season long at Chico . Ing is the fresh young lion . Still in search of his first win , Ing is ready to pounce on any mistake that Forsberg makes . Chase Majdic sits in the third spot and continues to improve each weekend . The sentimental favorite this Friday night is Chico 's Brad Bumgarner . He and Tarter were best friends and Bumgarner to this day still gets emotional when reminiscing about his old buddy Tarter . Sacramento 's Kalib Henry is coming off a good finish last Friday night and could be the surprise winner if things go his way .
Chico 's Wyatt Brown leads the Economy Winged Sprints into this Friday night with a decent eight-point edge over Paradise 's Mike Ficklin . Last year Ficklin won the event and will look to repeat this Friday night .
Terry Schank Jr. has won three of the five wingless sprint car main events this season . With the success , Shank holds an eleven-point edge over Tony Richards . Richards is still seeking his first win at Chico in 2017 . Casey McClain won his first career main event a few weeks ago and sits third in the standings . McClain is just 15-points behind Schank .
Midget Lites will make a return visit to Chico and are hopeful to bring a decent number of cars .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — It will be at least a month before the Luzerne County Zoning Hearing Board rules on a requested special exception for a sober-living boarding house in Luzerne borough .
Following two hours of sometimes contentious testimony , the zoning board on Tuesday continued a hearing on the request from Forty Fort residents Christopher and Jeanne Grymko .
The Grymkos want to rent a property they own on Vaughn Street to women in recovery from addiction , and need the zoning board 's approval . The site is in a residential zoning district , in which the county zoning ordinance classifies boarding houses as a special exception . The county handles zoning issues for the borough .
About 20 people , most of whom live near the site of the proposed boarding house , attended the hearing at the county courthouse . Several testified in opposition to the project , citing concerns such as parking , public safety , a lack of regulation and control and a possible drop in property values .
Natalie Goodman , a Luzerne resident , said she is concerned about the lack of professional supervision for the residents of the home , according to the Grymkos ' proposal .
“ A facility of this nature should be run by licensed certified professionals , ” Goodman said .
Shannon Luton , who would be the house manager for the home , said the residents would be subject to a long list of strict rules , which she would enforce vigorously .
Luton said she would administer drug tests and Breathalyzer tests for alcohol use .
Residents would be required to work or actively seek employment , while those on disability would be required to volunteer , she said .
Luton , who presently serves as house manager for another sober living boarding house for women , said neighbors ' concerns over the transient nature of the residents are unfounded .
“ I do n't have a high turnover , ” she said , noting that most residents stay for about a year .
The Grymkos ' zoning application called for up to six residents at the boarding house , but on Tuesday they said the maximum number would be five , and the zoning board approved a request to amend their application to reflect the new figure .
Following an executive session , zoning board Chairman William Harris and board member Leon Schuster voted to continue the hearing until Aug. 7 .
The board wants to see a site plan and a floor plan for the property , as well as clarification of who would be responsible for maintaining the house and grounds , Harris said .
Contact the writer :
emark @ citizensvoice.com
570-821-2117
The museums of Berlin are filled with amazing artifacts of past societies and civilizations , perhaps none more imposing than three exhibits in the Pergamon Museum , each filling enormous rooms .
The biggest and heaviest architectural reconstruction in any museum is the Market Gate of Miletus , built 2,000 years ago by the Romans as the entrance to the market square of Miletus in present-day Turkey , destroyed in an earthquake 900 years later , then unearthed and reconstructed by German archaeologist Theodor Wiegand . This gate , 100 feet wide and 50 feet tall , represents the power of the Roman emperors extending to the far eastern edge of the Mediterranean .
In a nearby room , the reconstructed Ishtar Gate displays the might of King Nebuchadnezzar II , who had it constructed about 575 B.C . in Babylon , the capital of his empire and perhaps the largest city in the world at that time . Thousands of brightly glazed bricks with reliefs of lions , dragons and bulls created an imposing sight , which was considered one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
The most famous holding of the museum , the Pergamon Altar , wo n't be open for view until 2020 , because the entire museum is gradually being renovated piece by piece . This monumental place of worship was built about 160 years before Christ 's birth to honor the political and military achievements of the Greek King Eumenes II . Visitors can ascend stone steps 60 feet wide to view a sculpted frieze depicting the battle between the Olympian gods and the giants .
These ancient monuments are the most imposing celebrations of power among hundreds of such displays in Berlin . Similar displays can be found in all European cities , where museums preserve reminders of past dynasties , public statues glorify past rulers , and restored palaces attract millions of visitors .
When we enter a museum , we have learned to expect representations of past authority , power and prestige , constructed of the finest materials by great artists , preserved for the wonder of succeeding generations . We see the most elaborate creations of the past .
There are other artifacts and memorials in Berlin that represent resistance , the opposite of power . Because Berlin was the site of two terrible 20th century dictatorships , the bravery and foolhardiness of those who resisted power are also celebrated here . The Checkpoint Charlie Museum was built at the Berlin Wall to memorialize the East Germans who succeeded or failed to escape across the wall . Instead of finely wrought art objects , the most interesting exhibits are cheap East German cars reconstructed to create tiny hiding places for escapees or rusty tools used to dig under the wall . The names and faces of those who resisted the Communist government are noted here , but remain unknown elsewhere . Their achievements were not beautiful , but daring and inventive and often ended in death or prison .
The theme at Checkpoint Charlie is escape . Getting past the Berlin Wall or across the border into West Germany meant freedom . Escaping from the vast territory of Nazi-controlled Europe was much more difficult . Resistance to the Nazis was more likely to be a lonely battle against a murderous regime in favor of human rights that predictably ended in death . Bernard Lichtenberg , a Catholic priest at St. Hedwig 's Cathedral in the center of Berlin , began to protest the brutalities of concentration camps soon after the Nazis took power , going directly to high Nazi officials to complain of their policies . He protested against the mistreatment of Catholic priests , of Jews and of the handicapped . He prayed publicly every day for deported Jews . He was imprisoned and died as he was being deported to Dachau .
In a small park on the quiet Rosenstrasse , a group of sculptures commemorates a remarkable act of group resistance . Hundreds of Christian wives of Jewish men who had been arrested in 1943 gathered before the building , where they were being held to demand their release . They were threatened by SS trucks with machine guns , but did not move . After a week of constant protest , the men were released , the only instance of a successful German protest against the Holocaust . One of the women , Elsa Holzer , later said , “ If you had to calculate whether you would do any good by protesting , you would n't have gone . ”
Celebrations of power are all around us . We do n't often think about how that power was exercised , about who might have suffered to make that power possible . Those who resist power usually pass into the fog of history because they were not famous and they had little opportunity to create imposing objects to memorialize their actions . Stone palaces and golden objects attract more attention than lonely dissent .
The more we know about the great rulers of the past , the more we realize that the trappings and accomplishments of power rested on the conquest and exploitation of vast numbers of people , some of whom protested . Like the still-anonymous Tank Man , who stopped a line of tanks at Tiananmen Square in 1989 , they could calculate that their actions had little chance of success .
They were not counting on their names being recorded in history books . They acted from conviction and desperation . They deserve statues and museums , too .
AP http : //myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_web-tiananmen.jpg AP
By Steve Hochstadt
Steve Hochstadt is a writer , a gardener and a retired Illinois College professor of history . His column appears Tuesdays in the Journal-Courier and is available at stevehochstadt.blogspot.com .
Steve Hochstadt is a writer , a gardener and a retired Illinois College professor of history . His column appears Tuesdays in the Journal-Courier and is available at stevehochstadt.blogspot.com .
On this prosperous occasion , our committee takes immense privilege to invite the participants from all over the world to take part in this conference with the theme “ Presenting Excellency of Nanotechnology to transform the World ” . The conference aims to review their knowledge , experience and share new ideas amongst the professionals , Industrialists and students from research areas of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology and take active part in the interactive discussions and technical sessions at the conference . The conference also provides a space for the companies and the institutions to present their services , products , innovations , innovative ideas and research work & results .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — The Russian military has hosted a delegation of United Nations officials at its main anti-mine facility .
The United Nations ' delegation was led by Jean-Pierre Lacroix , a French diplomat who serves as the U.N. Under-Secretary-General for peacekeeping operations .
The Russian Defense Ministry said they discussed prospects for cooperation and joint action with the U.N. during Monday 's visit .
Lacroix hailed the Russian expertise in mine clearing operations . He noted that the U.N. expects to develop cooperation with Russia in the area of peacekeeping .
Advertisement
Col. Igor Mikhailik , the head of the anti-mine center outside Moscow , briefed the U.N. delegation on the Russian field engineers in Syria , where they cleared over 6,500 hectares ( more than 16,000 acres ) of land and more than 17,000 buildings from mines .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pulis wants Brunt and Mozza
Former West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis is reportedly plotting a Hawthorns raid to take influential duo Chris Brunt and James Morrison to Middlesbrough .
Northern Ireland international Brunt was a regular under Pulis during the Welshman 's time at Albion , while Morrison hails from Teesside and left his hometown club for Albion a number of years ago .
Teamtalk reports Pulis is keen to take the experienced pair to the Riverside and is expected to move in the summer .
This latest link comes just days after defender Craig Dawson was linked with Pulis ' Boro , who are currently battling to make the Championship play-offs .
Brunt hailed by Pardew
Chris Brunt was hailed a “ fantastic servant ” by his manager Alan Pardew after the midfielder triggered a one-year contract extension .
Brunt 's 22nd appearance of the season , in Saturday 's 2-1 defeat at Bournemouth , activated a clause in his current deal .
The 33-year-old now has the option to move into a 12th campaign at the Hawthorns after joining the club from Sheffield Wednesday for £3 million in August 2007 .
“ He 's been a terrific servant for this football club , ” Pardew said .
“ And I thought he was very good today ( at Bournemouth ) . ”
Read Paul Suart 's full story :
Pulis blasted for destroying WBA DNA
Former West Bromwich Albion favourite Paul Scharner has claimed that by giving Tony Pulis complete control of transfers , among other things , Albion have seen their “ DNA destroyed ” .
Ex-Austrian international Scharner , who played for the Baggies between 2010 and 2012 , became something of a cult hero during his time at The Hawthorns .
He scored goals against Aston Villa and Birmingham City , and displayed his affections for the club in a number of ways , from dying his hair blue and white to unveiling a t-shirt under his jersey when celebrating .
Scharner scored seven times in 63 appearances for Albion , but has witnessed the demise of the club this season , a demise that has left them all but relegated to the Championship .
Albion 'target ' profiled
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a move for Numancia forward Guillermo Fernandez Hierro this summer , ahead of what is increasingly looking like a Championship campaign .
Guillermo has previously played for Athletic Bilbao , Leganes and Elche , and the Sun say that Albion are keeping tabs on him ahead of an inevitable squad rebuild in the close season .
Here 's what you need to know about him .
'Pardew should stay '
Albion should seriously consider keeping Alan Pardew on as manager in the Championship next season .
That 's the message from Sky Sports pundit Tony Cottee who believes the current boss would make a fist out of a promotion charge in the second tier .
Cottee believes rock-bottom Albion are now doomed and claims there 's no way back for the beleaguered Baggies .
But despite seeing Pardew win just one game since taking over in November , the pundit is backing him to get it right .
Podcast
Mulumbu snub
When you 've played alongside a fellow footballer for almost six years , you can perhaps be forgiven for being a little miffed when said fellow footballer leaves you out of his all-time best XI !
In the case of Youssouf Mulumbu , that 's what happened when he discovered that he 'd been omitted from ex-West Brom teammate Graham Dorrans ' greatest side .
The pair were reunited at Ibrox this past weekend when Mulumbu 's Kilmarnock visited Dorrans ' Rangers - though the latter was absent because of an ankle injury that has kept him on the sidelines for the past three months .
The Scotland international did take part in a match-day programme feature , however , where a member of the Gers squad selects the best XI that they 've played with throughout their careers .
Dorrans , who made almost 200 appearances for the Baggies , predictably included a number of former Albion favourites ( and villains ) in his side - as well as international colleague and Aston Villa defender Alan Hutton .
Interestingly , Dorrans opted for Scott Carson in goal , over fellow keeper Ben Foster .
Alongside Hutton in defence , Dorrans lined up heroic pair Jonas Olsson and Gareth McAuley , while Paul Robinson fills in at left-back .
Another Scot , James Morrison , features in midfield alongside ex-captain Jonathan Greening - interestingly , there 's a place for Spanish flop Borja Valero , too .
In a three-pronged attack up front , Dorrans selected Romelu Lukaku and Peter Odemwingie - talismen both - and the decorated Nicolas Anelka , whose infamous spell at the club ended sourly following the “ Quenelle ” controversy .
Mulumbu , who played his part as Killie pulled off an excellent 1-0 win at Ibrox , tweeted after the game about how impressed he was by the venue - though he was less than impressed by Dorrans side that did n't involve him !
He tweeted : `` @ OfficialKillie Fans thank you so much once again it was amazing # 3points btw # Ibrox what a stadium but # Dozza I need some explanation lol ''
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
SWEETWATER COUNTY — Adventure and travel photographer Andy Austin has been living the dream . Traveling between stunning outdoor meccas , taking photos of his adventures , and curling up each night in a beautiful tiny home on wheels .
Austin was the winner of the Wyoming Office of Tourism 's “ Call of the WY ” with a landing page on HGTV.com . You can check it out and enter to win your own outdoor adventure here . That 's also where you can view some of Austin 's incredible Wyoming travel photography .
.
.
When a Tiny House is an Upgrade
Believe it or not , a tiny house is an upgrade for Austin .
He 's been living out of his van and doing freelance photography full time for a little over a year .
Austin is from Montana originally . He played college football at the Montana State University .
“ Afterwards , I decided to go to the non-traditional route and I 've been living in a van for about a year and two months now . A tiny home was a massive mansion of an upgrade from that , ” said Austin .
.
.
On the Tiny House Trail
His journey began in Cody , and later included Lander , Pinedale , and now Sweetwater County . His tiny house was parked overlooking Flaming Gorge at Firehole Campground .
“ This area is the last stop on the tour for me , ” said Austin . His adventures in Sweetwater County alone have included mountain biking , taking a side-by-side out to the sand dunes , lots of exploring the back roads without a plan , and even a Bush concert at Wyoming 's Big Show .
The entire trip has been a way to showcase areas of Wyoming that get a little less attention .
.
“ We were able to introduce other areas of Wyoming that were more off the beaten path , undiscovered , but still easily accessible to these outdoor meccas and recreation hubs . We 've been trying to introduce this amazing destination to a whole new audience , ” said Media & Public Relations Manager Tia Troy , from the Wyoming Office of Tourism .
The tiny home was sourced from Good and Tiny , a company that makes tiny homes . It was decorated by Wyoming designer Shawn Rivett out of Casper . Rivett is an expert in sourcing Wyoming products and it was n't lost on Austin at all .
“ He was able to bring the Wyoming flair to it . You 've got the jackalope up on the wall , ” said Austin . “ I keep joking that I 'm going to steal the jackalope , but at some point it 's not going to be a joke and I 'm gon na take it .
Make sure to watch the video tour !
.
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) — An 18-year-old is pleading guilty to rape and murder in the 2015 death of a 12-year-old Utah girl he 's accused of luring from her home with a story about a lost cat .
Jayden Matthew Sterzer pleaded guilty to rape in juvenile court Monday . He was 15 when police say he strangled Kailey Vijil ( VIJ'-el ) and left her in a horse pasture .
Sterzer also was expected to plead guilty to murder in adult court as part of a blended plea deal that will allow him to stay in a juvenile detention center until he turns 21 .
The Associated Press had n't previously named Sterzer because he was a minor and his case was being handled entirely in juvenile court .
Advertisement
He was found fit for trial after getting treatment for unspecified mental disorders and intellectual disabilities .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Armed police swooped on a Frankley street after reports of a man with a gun .
Officers were called to Coriander Close , at around 7:20pm on Wednesday night .
West Midlands Police said a vehicle and a house were searched after armed officers attended the scene .
( Photo : Stuart Cox )
Pictures taken in Frankley showed a number of officers carrying weapons .
Several police cars were at the scene at around 8.30pm .
Police confirmed no firearms were found and no arrests were made .
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said : `` Anyone with information is urged to call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . ''
San Francisco-based private financial group supports the launch of a new e-commerce platform that aims to define the new standard of B2B e-commerce , worldwide .
San Francisco , CA , USA. , December 11 , 2017 — US Capital Partners Inc. ( “ US Capital ” ) has been engaged by Intellibidder Corporation ( “ Intellibidder ” ) as its exclusive financial adviser for a $ 2 million senior secured convertible note issuance for the firm , as a bridge to an $ 11 million Series-A equity raise . US Capital Partners is a full-service private financial group headquartered in San Francisco , CA .
Intellibidder will use the new financing towards developing its proprietary Intellibidder platform , a B2B e-commerce technology software system that facilitates the buying and selling of bulk commercial-grade general goods . The platform aims to be a complete end-to-end system to facilitate bulk purchase transactions , for use in almost every applicable B2B high-volume industry .
“ Using a proprietary , patent-pending algorithmic software system , Intellibidder aims to achieve maximum efficiency in the B2B marketplace , ” said Shams Merchant , President and CEO at Intellibidder . “ We are very excited about our developing B2B e-commerce platform , and look forward to meeting strategic investors and other potential partners . ”
“ We are delighted to be assisting Intellibidder with its financing needs , ” said Jeffrey Sweeney , Chairman and CEO at US Capital . “ The opportunity to participate in Intellibidder 's $ 2 million convertible note raise is now open to eligible investors through our digital investment platform at www.uscgs.com . ”
James B. Baty , Ph.D. , Senior Vice President at US Capital Partners , said : “ While buyer-side-only aggregation systems might experience diseconomies of scale when large lots can be filled only by large suppliers , the Intellibidder business architecture aims to offer a combined synergy of additional seller-side aggregation , targeting of standardizable commodity products , and centralized logistics and fulfillment attractive to both buyers and sellers . I believe this creates a notable competitive value proposition . ”
About Intellibidder Corporation :
Based in Dallas , TX , Intellibidder is developing a new proprietary and patent pending B2B e-commerce platform that facilitates the buying and selling of bulk commercial-grade general goods . Currently , popular B2B e-commerce systems , such as Alibaba and eBay , act as an open marketplace for buyers and sellers to connect . While productive , these systems are inefficient : buyers often do not receive optimal pricing and many sellers are left unable to participate and compete . The new Intellibidder platform aims to aggregate supply , demand , and logistics , thereby delivering an optimum price-per-unit to purchasers . Intellibidder aims to be the world 's most intelligent B2B e-commerce system .
About US Capital Partners :
Since 1998 , US Capital Partners Inc. has been committed to providing small and lower middle market businesses and investors with sophisticated debt , equity , and investment opportunities usually available only to larger middle market companies and institutional investors . The firm manages direct investment funds and provides wealth management and capital raise services . Operating with its registered investment bank affiliate , US Capital Global Securities , LLC , the firm acts as a licensed placement agent for companies , funds , and projects , and collaborates closely with its peers in professional banking and investment advisory .
To learn more , email Jeffrey Sweeney , Chairman and CEO , at jsweeney @ uscapitalpartners.net or call ( 415 ) 889-1010 .
Contact :
Vanessa Guajardo
US Capital Partners
555 Montgomery Street , Suite 1501
San Francisco , CA 94111
415-889-1010
media @ uscapitalpartners.net
http : //www.uscapitalpartners.net
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) – The Minnesota Timberwolves announced on Wednesday they 've signed guard Derrick Rose for the 2018-19 season .
The Timberwolves reached an agreement to bring back Rose shortly after NBA free agency started earlier this week . He was originally signed by the Timberwolves as a free agent for last season back on March 8 .
Rose appeared in 25 regular season games between playing for Minnesota and Cleveland last season . He averaged 8.4 points per game and shot 43.5 percent from the field . He appeared in all five of the Timberwolves ' playoff games against the Houston Rockets and averaged 14.2 points off the bench while shooting nearly 51 percent from the field .
Rose is a three-time All-Star and had the best season of his career in 2010-11 under current Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau , when he earned the NBA MVP award .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON ( CBSMiami ) – President Trump hosted his first state dinner since taking office with the leader of America 's oldest ally .
The President and first lady , Melania , welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron , his wife , Brigitte , and more than a hundred others at the White House for a night of glitz and glamour .
The glitzy event capped a day full of pomp , circumstance , and some personal grooming between the two leaders .
About 130 guests , including Vice President Mike Pence , Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner , dined on rack of lamb and nectarine tart .
The first Lady , who planned every detail of the event , stole the spotlight in a dazzling silver gown .
Unlike years past , only one Democrat was invited to the state dinner .
Members of the media and celebrities were also excluded .
Before the event , the two leaders held bilateral discussions on foreign matters .
French President Macron urged President Trump to keep US troops in Syria and stay in the Iran nuclear deal :
“ There is a chance and nobody knows what I 'm going to do , ” Trump said .
Earlier Trump lashed out at the idea that Iran might re-start their nuclear program if the US pulls out of the deal .
“ If they restart it , they 're going to have bigger problems . Bigger than they 've ever had before , ” Trump said .
The French President will address a joint meeting of Congress Wednesday , arguing in favor of the agreement .
The 2015 pact lifts economic sanctions in exchange for Tehran limiting its nuclear ambitions .
Coastline Christian Academy went to the dogs Friday ... and cats , hamsters , lizards and goldfish ! In fact , it could be said the campus was a complete zoo as the school hosted its annual Pet Day on the main lawn of the campus at 5950 Cathedral Oaks Road in Goleta .
“ This is such a fun event we do every year and the students just love it , ” said Principal Mary Osgood . “ There is something about having a beloved family pet at school , sharing that special animal with friends and teachers , and doing something a little out of the ordinary during the school day that really bonds our community together even more . ”
Near noon the parking lot was bustling with parents , grandparents and other family members unloading cages , aquariums , pet carriers and pens , and leashing-up dogs of all sizes .
“ One year we even had a student who brought in his pet goat ! ” said Osgood .
Perhaps using their animal instincts , pets are always on their best behavior while lapping up all the attention and near-adoration .
“ It 's good for them to come to school , ” third-grader Ariel Spilman said matter of factly . “ The pets need to learn their manners at school and learn not to eat our homework ! ”
The well-attended event featured more than 15 dogs , a brave cat , guinea pigs , hamsters , bunnies , frogs , chickens , fish , a gecko , a tadpole , and George and Daisy the hermit crabs .
And what did the pets think ? If tail wagging , chirping , hissing , squawking or nose-nuzzling are any indication , the event gets two paws up . To quote Jewel the cat , the soiree was “ Purrrrrrr-fect ! ”
Coastline Christian Academy is a K-8 co-educational , nondenominational Christian school serving the families of Santa Barbara and Goleta , and is an accredited member of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the Association of Christian Schools International .
— Kerry Graffy Mariea represents Coastline Christian Academy .
Ecoclimax is defined by Odum ( 1969 ) as the culmination state after a succession in a stabilized ecosystem in which maximum biomass ( or high information content ) and symbiotic function among organisms is kept per unit of available energy flow .
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you 'll be more frugal with it . That 's the theory behind health savings accounts , a decades-old GOP concept that 's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act .
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference . As with a retirement account , money put into an HSA can be invested , and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free . Withdrawals can be made at any time , and they are tax-free , too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses , such as health insurance deductibles , or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor .
Currently , HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans , meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share . While HSA participation is growing , only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts , according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans .
Why do n't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them ? For one thing , not everyone has money to contribute upfront . But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving .
`` How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good ' financial decisions , '' says Alycia DeGraff , a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association . DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future , many people simply get stressed-out .
`` These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together , '' she says . `` Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement , suppression , overcompensation , isolation , etc . — to try and deal with [ it ] . ''
This may explain , at least in part , why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general . Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account . And those of us who are parents have only saved , on average , enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids .
Saving money is hard . It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we 'll want or need later . And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty , shiny , things to buy RIGHT NOW .
Plus , we all pretend we wo n't get old or sick .
`` People are predictably irrational , '' says Dr. Mitesh Patel , especially when it comes to money . He 's a behavioral economist , physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Perelman School of Medicine .
But many of us really hate to lose money , Patel says , which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing .
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight , and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference .
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks . They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day . About 30 percent of the group did so . Meanwhile , people assigned to the second group were told they 'd be paid $ 1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps . About 35 percent of the second group did so .
Here 's the kicker : Each person in the third group was paid $ 42 upfront and was docked $ 1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal . Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal , Patel says . People hate to lose money .
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401 ( k ) s that required people who did n't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in . `` This creates a path of the least resistance , '' Patel says .
Of course , setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money , he notes .
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans , a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests . But it 's unclear whether they actually improve their health . Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study , but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families .
Then there 's the issue of figuring out how much you , as an individual or a family , would need to save for health care — it 's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town , let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital .
`` If you want to save for a house , you can pretty much figure out the math , '' Patel says . `` But if you go to a doctor , they do n't give you a menu for prices . ''
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we 'd all need to change our mindset , says Degraff , the financial therapist .
`` People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves , '' she says . Naturally , we thing our future selves will be `` better , healthier , more financially secure , '' she adds . But , for many of us , health and income eventually decline with age . We need to save more now for later .
HSAs can be useful , Degraff notes , but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over .
`` A lot of people do n't even have a regular emergency fund savings , '' DeGraff says , `` especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance . ''
CAIRO — Yemen 's official news agency is reporting that Saudi-backed forces are advancing toward the Red Sea port of Hodeida , which provides a lifeline to the Shiite rebels known as Houthis .
SABA reported Sunday that Saudi-allied government forces have taken control of the town of Tahita in Hodeida province .
Forces loyal to the internationally recognized government are hoping to exploit the collapse of the Houthis ' alliance with fighters loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who was killed by the rebels earlier this month .
The coalition has been at war with the rebels since March 2015 . The stalemated fighting has killed 10,000 people , displaced 3 million and pushed the country to the brink of famine .
Nowadays , classified ads in Dubai are among the most powerful advertising methods . As a business , you can promote your products in a very effective manner , without too much effort and without making a substantial investment . On the other hand , as a person , you can use free ad posting in Dubai to sell your old products and make some money out of them .
There are many advantages that classified ads in Dubai present . First of all , businesses can obtain more traffic to their websites . While posting the ad , you can also mention your shop name or add a link , so that more customers can see what you are selling and they can find out what other items exist . It is that simple and buyers interested in a certain category are able to find the business easier . Another great benefit that listings on websites provide is that they are not random , they are nicely categorized . When people want to post an ad , they have to choose a category and interested buyers will filter results .
Placing ads was not an easy process back in the days , as they were placed mainly in newspapers and people had to go through all of them to see if something is of interest . There was also a limited space for text and after a while , the ad was removed . This is no longer the case , as online you are free to add the description of your choice and you can include representative photos and mention details that you think will convince potential buyers . In case the ad expires , you can extend its duration on the website without any issues . Since free ad posting in Dubai is available , there are no costs implied .
People like to go thorough ads and listings , as they never know when they can stumble upon something they like . Maybe they do n't need something in particular , but they can find interesting items . You can find any category online , including clothing and accessories , gadgets , jobs , services , pets , real estate and more . Being so easy to navigate through classified ads , it is no wonder why so many people are interested in them and if the platform is user-friendly , then even better . No wonder it is so easy to advertise and so convenient . Even business owners are able to post job openings to find new personnel .
Choosing the website to post ads is important , since it needs to have some traffic from the beginning , the category of products or services you want to include your ad into and it is always better when there are no costs involved . Afterwards , you simply have to wait for people to view your listing and get in touch to find out more information , negotiate the price and such . If the person is from the same location , you can meet , otherwise you can ship the product .
Do you need a reliable website where you can post classified ads in Dubai ( https : //freesoog.com ) ? Do n't hesitate about this one , especially since it offers free ad posting in Dubai ( https : //freesoog.com ) .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
Believe me , I know . I hear it every day . You had such high hopes for President Barack Obama . For once , maybe the first time in years , you cared . You dared to believe . You really thought he could do it .
And now you are so disappointed . You feel betrayed . Were you such a fool ? Was he really so lacking in ways you did n't know — in experience or resolve or humanity ? How can this man who moved so many now seem so distant and aloof , so arrogant and unconnected , so lacking in resolve ?
Hold that thought . Or let it perish , at least for now .
On Sept. 20 , 2011 , something historic happened in this country , and it is thanks to Obama .
Thousands of men and women who are risking their lives for this country no longer have to lie and hide to do so . They no longer have to put up pictures of their supposed “ girlfriends ” or “ boyfriends ” so that others wo n't think they are gay .
They can be gay . They can be lesbians . They can serve their country with pride and not worry about the day they might be shamed and discharged .
Sept. 20 , 2011 , was the beginning of a new era in the military . Just as discrimination on the basis of race was finally eliminated decades ago , so , too , now , thanks in large part to this president , discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is history .
It should have happened years ago . The policy was shameful . We owe countless men and women — not only those who were discharged , but also those who gave their lives in secret or have risked their lives in hiding — an apology . We owe them our thanks . We were wrong .
The policy has changed . Military leaders — who fought the idea of such a change when President Bill Clinton , soon after taking office , suggested it — have changed . Attitudes in this country have changed .
But the most important change of all is the one in the White House . President George W. Bush never would have done it . I do n't believe that a President John McCain — much less a Vice President Sarah Palin — would have done it .
Yes , there is plenty of room for disappointment . I wish the president had drawn a line in the sand during the debt default talks , that he had not , ultimately , let the Tea Party and its chief partier House Speaker John Boehner dictate the terms . I wish the president could stir the country as president like he once did as a candidate . I wish a lot of things . So does everyone I know who voted for Obama .
But every once in awhile , in between complaining and bemoaning , it is right to pause to recognize that our votes did make a difference , and so has this president .
Life is different today for Americans who have long deserved our appreciation and respect . Life is different today because one more vestige — surely not the last , but still important — has been lifted . Life is different today because there was change in Washington . That change has now made its way to every corner of the world where our brave young men and women proudly serve this country .
Today , I 'm not complaining . Today , I am proud of my president and proud of my country .
— Best-selling author Susan Estrich is the Robert Kingsley Professor of Law and Political Science at the USC Law Center and was campaign manager for 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis . Click here to contact her .
The US company behind Claire 's Accessories has filed for bankruptcy protection as part of a move to reduce its debt by 1.9 billion US dollars ( €1.5 billion ) .
Claire 's Stores said on Monday its shops , including 378 in the UK , will remain open as it presses ahead with a financial restructure .
It will see lenders including Elliott Management and Monarch Alternative Capital inject 575 million US dollars of fresh cash into the group .
Claire 's is owned by private equity firm Apollo Global Management , which paid 3.1 billion US dollars for the company in 2007 .
Ron Marshall , Claire 's chief executive , said : “ This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet and will enhance our efforts to provide the best possible experience for our customers .
“ We will complete this process as a healthier , more profitable company , which will position us to be an even stronger business partner for our suppliers , concessions partners , and franchisees . ”
Claire 's , which specialises in ear piercing , fashion jewellery and accessories for young women , is the latest US retailer to run into trouble .
Toys R Us in the US and the UK announced last week that it would close or sell all its stores after going bust .
But Claire 's expects to emerge from bankruptcy in September and the retailer 's international subsidiaries are not part of the US filing .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Subscribe on iTunes | Soundcloud | Android
In this episode of The Baggage Reclaim Sessions , I give a preview of what 's ahead , sharing a little of where my head is at with Baggage Reclaim and my mission to help people Reclaim themselves from their emotional baggage . It 's basically my manifesto for ‘ season 3 ' and beyond and I 'm really excited .
It 's good to be back .
In the episode , I talk about :
The importance of closing the gap between what we say we want , who we say we are , and what we 're actually being and doing – our happiness lies in the space where that gap is getting smaller .
Why we 're expecting too much of ourselves when we expect to land into adulthood having everything figured out .
How we 're not aware of how our past is informing what we 're doing right now and how the things we do on autopilot and the pain we experience from our patterns , are there to wake us up to the knowledge that what we 're doing is not who we are and that there is a different way .
What it was that prompted me to start Baggage Reclaim and why my desire to help people overcome their pasts and to become more emotionally available is so important to me .
Why there is n't any need to ‘ build a new you ' from scratch and that moving forward is really about moving some baggage out of the way so that you can see you more clearly .
Why there 's no need to be perfect or for us to get rid of ‘ all ' of our emotional baggage .
Links and other mentions from the episode
Next stop
If you enjoyed the show , please share the episode – every little helps . Email someone who you think this show is relevant to or use the share buttons at the top and bottom of this episode .
Subscribe and/or leave a review on iTunes ( how-to guide here ) –it really helps in growing the show ! If you 're new to podcasts , find out more about what they are and how to subscribe with this handy guide .
Listener questions can be emailed to podcast AT baggagereclaim DOT com . Got a topic you 'd love me to cover ? Let me know !
Knockrath on Church Lane in Greystones is one of those properties easily missed – which is surprising given its size and presence .
This is explained by the fact that it is tucked away behind galloping foliage : a small forest of laurel and several mature trees , among them a towering eucalyptus . But despite that , Knockrath is a giant of a house .
Through the entrance gates , a tarmac driveway curls around the lip of a lawn set into a hollow , creating a grassy amphitheatre in front of the house . The driveway splits ; to the right is a self-contained other property , that is nonetheless joined to the main house ( of which more anon ) , a garage and outhouse – Knockrath 's original coach house , according to the current owner .
The left sweep of the driveway leads to the house itself , wrapping around the property and bringing the visitor to the west-facing main entrance .
The porch and hallway are paved in what look like the original Victorian tiles . The stair rail is of striking pitch pine and a date – 1893 – is carved into the top of the newel post . The house itself dates from the 1880s , according to the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage . Like many of Greystones ' older properties , Knockrath has stories to tell .
Census
It was first the home of an Elizabeth Jane Eustace , an elderly Church of Ireland widow by the time of the 1911 census , who shared the house then with two grown-up children , a 37-year-old engineer son and a 47-year-old spinster daughter .
Also living there was a mistresses ' domestic servant , a parlour maid , a cook , and a gardener – James Joseph Lawless , a 24-year-old Catholic man from nearby Blacklion who went to war in 1914 and never came back .
Later in the 20th century , the house was a maternity nursing home run by its then owner , midwife Maria Langrell and her husband Isaac . By coincidence , the current owner , Marguerite Fairclough , was nursed there as a newborn baby .
She and her late husband bought the property in 1993 and raised five children there . In the family heyday , Knockrath was a magnet for frequent visits by wider family and friends ; a wooden climbing frame-cum-treehouse in the garden suggests the place still holds its attractions for grandchildren .
To a child , Knockrath would seem vast .
“ You could have a band playing in one part of the house and not even hear it in here , ” says Ms Fairclough , standing in the kitchen .
The total floor area is about 460sq m ( just shy of 5,000sq ft ) and the property is for sale through Sherry FitzGerald for €1.4million .
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Knockrath , Church Lane , Greystones , Co Wicklow
Reception rooms
There are four substantial reception rooms on the ground floor , all of a similar size . Left of the hall , front to back , are the drawing room , the dining room and a family room . Two have original marble fireplaces and all have distinctive square bay sash windows with original shutters and tall ceilings ; two are dual-aspect .
To the right of the hall and facing front is a dual-aspect morning room . Behind it is the kitchen and breakfast room .
There is a clutch of small rooms – toilets , cloakrooms , pantry rooms and a back hall – on the ground floor , centred mostly around the kitchen and breakfast room .
Upstairs are six bedrooms , all doubles by today 's standards , and several of them substantial , dual-aspect rooms with fine views over the front and rear gardens .
Returning to the aforementioned “ more anon ” , off the kitchen is an entrance to a warren of other rooms . This is where Ms Fairclough ran a Montessori school in what was probably a servants ' annex off the kitchen and which looks like a semi-detached Victorian-era cottage .
Self-contained home
Here there are four very good-sized rooms ( one very large that was probably the classroom/playroom ) that could be turned into a self-contained home for a relative or used as a source of rental income .
The same applies to the nearby coach house which , like the former school , is accessed by that fork in the driveway .
Knockrath is charming and substantial , and has bags of potential . Inevitably , after such a long history and the sort of wear and tear that comes with a nursing home and toddler school , there is room for a good dose of refreshing TLC .
The rear kitchen area and the main entrance porch would benefit from modernisation , but this is a house that would make for a fine family home given its rambling garden – ideal for riotous children to lose and find themselves in .
A site is marked out at the front of the property and may be sold separately but without significantly detracting from the main house . The adjoining property is owned by a developer , a fact that may encourage interest from that quarter .
Selina Lovell from Wollaston has been selected as a finalist in a nationwide competition to create a dinner for The Prince of Wales .
Budding chefs were challenged to design a main course using ingredients from the Waitrose Duchy Organic range to celebrate the brand 's 25th anniversary .
After receiving many entries , top chefs at the supermarket whittled it down to just three finalists , including Selina , who will go head-to-head to be crowned the winner .
The chosen finalist will have their recipe served to The Prince of Wales and guests at a celebratory banquet at Dumfries House in Scotland , which he saved for the nation in 2007 .
They will also have the opportunity to join The Prince and guests at the exclusive dinner this autumn .
Selina 's main course is seared whole fillet of beef on a bed of celeriac mash with roast beetroot , pickled blackberry , red wine sauce , nasturtium leaves and toasted oaten crumb topping .
Selina said : “ Organic food is something I feel very strongly about .
“ I love cooking and writing recipes and to do something for such an amazing brand would be great .
“ I would be overjoyed if I won . ”
Customers have until midnight on Thursday ( August 17 ) to cast their votes for their favourite dish , with the winner being announced on September 7 in Waitrose Weekend , the supermarket 's weekly newspaper .
People can vote by emailing the name of the finalist they want to win - ‘ Guy ' , ‘ Selina ' or ‘ Rebecca ' - to Weekendcompetition @ waitrose.co.uk .
The other two finalists are Guy Sherman , 14 , who created chicken and bacon ballotine with butter mashed potato , roast shallot and wild mushroom sauce , and Rebecca Williams from west London , who created slow cooked lamb shanks on a pearl barley and shallot purée risotto with rosemary roast root vegetables with bramble purée lamb jus .
The worst thing in the world has happened , yet the world does n't have the decency to notice .
“ Where are the fire engines ? Where is the noise and clamour of an event like this ? ” run the thoughts of a young boy , bereaved with his brother and their dad following the sudden death of their mother . “ There should be men in helmets speaking a new and dramatic language of crisis . ”
In Max Porter 's tremendous first novel , the affecting and nimble Grief is the Thing with Feathers , this absence immediately ushers in a strange new presence . Swooping into their two-bedroom London flat , comes Crow , perhaps a manifestation from the mind of Dad , a sardonic Ted Hughes scholar , cawing out taunts and consolations . “ I wo n't leave until you do n't need me anymore , ” he tells Dad , part assurance , part threat , sharing the narrative . Grief is home to roost .
“ It floored me when I read it , ” says Enda Walsh , now forging that dramatic language of crisis for the book 's stage adaptation for renowned London theatre company Complicité . “ I had written about grief before , but I thought structurally , Max completely captured it . That 's what it feels like when time is cut up and there 's no linear narrative to unfold . It is an outer body experience , either experiencing grief or falling in love . You ca n't control it . ”
That makes adaptation sound like a particular challenge . Porter 's writing has a skirling energy , hopping between prose and poetry , emotional heft and literary allusions , with the unpredictable and often exhilarating , shape-shifting quality of grief . But if Porter 's readers feel protective of the work , the author is entirely open to collaboration .
“ I believe in an economy of trust , ” Porter says , “ whereby nothing good will come of holding on to things in a protective way. ” In part , that is informed by his day job , as editorial director of the publishing house Granta , but he has experience now on both sides of collaboration . “ I love being translated , ” he says from his office in London . “ One of the things for me early on was to think of the theatre adaptation as the latest in a line of translations. ” Besides , he adds with good spirit , the book is meant to be a bird : “ I want it flying away . Of all the things to try and maintain control of , my bird-like prose poetry fable is not one to hold on to . ”
In this , Walsh is clearly the person for the job . As a playwright , his own work from Disco Pigs through Ballyturk and on to the recent opera The Second Violinist has always mingled the real and the surreal , teasing out the role of stories in life while taking daring approaches to form .
Working with his long-time collaborator and friend Cillian Murphy , a physically adventurous performer on stage here playing Dad , opens up a world of intriguing possibilities . “ I said to Max early on , Crow and Dad are one and the same , are n't they ? ” Walsh tells me . “ You cast Dad and Crow through the one body and then Crow is everywhere . ”
A storm outside
For the experience to work , either on page or stage , Crow really should get everywhere . Porter recalls a blank page appearing in the first edition of the novel , which nobody at Faber & Faber could quite account for , yet seemed like a happy accident , corresponding with a gathering silence in the narrative . “ It was almost like a ghost in the machine , ” says Porter , “ as though Crow had gone in and done it himself . ”
Both writers enthuse about the “ crow-like ” qualities in each other 's work ; the surprising , puckish leaps that put some shape on otherwise inexpressible experiences . They are both fascinated with how artists deal with grief – Porter was student of Hughes and Emily Dickinson ( who inspired his title ) from an early age – how they channel it into their work , make sense of it , birds of a feather .
Enda Walsh has adapted Grief is the Thing with Feathers for the stage : “ it 's therapy through story ”
Walsh is quicker to acknowledge that Grief is the Thing with Feathers draws from a tragic , real source : Porter 's father died when he was just six , and his book is dedicated to his brother , Roly , now a musician and composer . ( “ Some of this book is autobiographical , ” Porter allows , almost in passing . )
“ It 's about Max and his brother Roly dealing with the death of their dad , ” Walsh told me one morning last week , as he walked from his home in London to the last day of rehearsals . Walsh has adapted work only twice , bringing Dostoevsky 's The Brothers Karamazov to the stage as Delirium , for Theatre O , and Roald Dahl 's The Twits to the Royal Court . ( “ A really terrible adaptation , ” he offers , “ which I wanted to shoot in the face . ” )
Here , working at the service of a living writer 's story , he was inclined to be more direct , more specific with his approach . In the book , for instance , the boys refer to a hurricane “ around the time that Mum died ” , and Walsh understood it as a reference to the Great Storm of 1987 . “ It all felt direct , ” says Walsh ; “ that there 's a storm outside the window , London and England is being ripped apart , but actually inside it 's worse . ”
On the stage , that gives Complicité 's production a certain familiarity . Workshopping the production a year ago , Walsh appreciated its chaotic emotion – “ those swings between hilarity and crushing f * * king tragedy ” – yet also came to understand the importance of a stable domestic setting . “ It 's a man trying to see his kids and get on with stuff , while the world is continuing , yet there 's this f * * king Crow in there , mixing up everything . ”
That does n't sound a million miles away from the style of Walsh 's theatre . “ I 'm interested in interiors , in flats , and ghosts , ” he agrees . “ In strange occurrences , things not being what they are , logic bending and all that kind of thing . That 's in the book , though . I ca n't escape it . ”
‘ It 's about stories '
For Porter , the capabilities of the stage are a new discovery , and for good reason . As a man who stands at 6ft 7in , in a city whose theatre auditoria have barely been reconsidered since the 19th century , he is not a regular theatregoer . “ I find it super uncomfortable , ” he says . “ Do I really want to spend 60 quid for the pleasure of not being able to walk for a couple of days ? ”
Nonetheless , being in a rehearsal room has been eye opening . “ They 've kept on saying the main aim of this show is to try and get in the viewer the feeling they both had when they first read the book , ” Porter says . “ And for me , I 've had real epiphanies about that book watching Enda and Cillian working on it . ”
Max Porter , author of Grief is the Thing with Feathers : his writing hops between prose and poetry
Initially , Porter suspected that the language of the book would take a second place to its staging , wondering fancifully about the possibility of showboating set pieces or animatronic birds . Instead the language has been intensified through storytelling .
“ To me , that is what the thing is about now , ” says Porter , as though its secrets had been unlocked : “ It 's about stories . They all fill in the mother 's absence with their stories. ” The results , he thinks , are “ astonishingly direct ” , inspiring in him something more like a magpie : “ If the novel could borrow some of that – the unapologetic potency of encounter between the audience and performer – it could do some really interesting things . ”
If Porter and Walsh are kindred spirits , it is because they seem alive to what they can do for each other , what they can borrow for their respective art forms . Walsh may speak of “ wanting to get it right for Max and his brother ” , but he is also attentive to the development of his own craft .
Apart from Murphy , the production also involves many of his frequent collaborators , including composer Teho Teardo , designer Jamie Vartan and sound designer Helen Atkinson , while it is presented in association with his regular producing partners Landmark Productions and Galway International Arts Festival , and co-produced by six international theatres who collectively suggest a future touring route . “ We 're sort of testing what we 've done before , ” admits Walsh , “ but pressing out a little bit . ”
Where Arlington , his most recent play , dealt with grief in an abstract , all-encompassing , sometimes alienating way , Walsh sees Grief is the Thing with Feathers as “ much more centred and real ” .
“ Effectively , it 's therapy through story , ” Walsh says . His version sees Dad and the Boys ushered into the frantic performance of story after story by Crow , an unlikely counsellor . “ It makes them physical beings , not lumpen , depressed people , but people who are exhausted and alive , who need to be shaken out of it. ” There is something similarly transformative in how art confronts the subject . “ It keeps changing , ” Dad says of grief , to Crow 's approval , late in the book . The collaborators here would agree , magnifying it , suspending it , affording it strange new shape and voice , but ultimately transforming it along new stages of grief .
GIF
Instead of giving players a deep , involved character creation tool , Sea of Thieves generates groups of eight pirate characters at a time , of which the player can choose one . One might think that would make character selection easier . One would be wrong .
It 's a character generator locked on random . There are no sliders for body size , muscle tone , gender or age . There 's no drop-down boxes for hair 's color , style or existence . The infinite pirate generator controls all of these things , and players are along for the ride .
My first run through the generator gave me several promising prospects . A large , burly woman with an impossibly wizened face caught my eye , and I particularly liked the guy with the large , jiggly tummy and copious beard stubble .
Advertisement
I like the body , but I want a fuller beard . I hold down the right trigger on my game pad and ...
GIF
... eight more randomly generated characters appear . One of them has the beard I want , but he does n't quite have the paunch .
Advertisement
I guess I should just hit the right trigger again—but wait . Check out this guy .
Advertisement
Red hair and a mustache ? Hrm . Maybe I want a mustache now . A couple more right trigger presses , and voila !
I like him ! I kind of wish he was bald , though . I press X to favorite the character—you ca n't lock attributes , but you can hold on to a character between respawns—and try a few more times .
Advertisement
Well dammit , now I 'm all mixed up . All I know now is my character needs a mustache and a side undercut . Unless I get distracted and go chasing after some other identifying feature .
I get why Rare did it this way , instead of offering more traditional character creation . The studio wants each character to feel like a fully-realized Rare creation . Too much futzing about with sliders could kill the aesthetic .
Advertisement
Still , it would be nice to be able to settle on a combination and start playing Sea of Thieves seriously sometime soon .
I 'll get there . Eventually .
A British Airways flight from Berlin to Heathrow took off five hours late yesterday , but then turned around within sight of the UK coast and returned to the German capital , leaving around 180 passengers stranded .
Flight BA983 was one of many disrupted by Sunday 's heavy snowfall , but passengers on the afternoon service will feel particularly hard done by , according to Daily Telegraph UK .
The Airbus A320 was due to depart Berlin Tegel at 1.50pm but was delayed due to the weather conditions on the continent . It eventually took off at 6.57pm and made its way towards London .
However , just as it was halfway across the North Sea and less than a hour from Heathrow , it performed a U-turn and flew back to Berlin , where it landed an hour later .
Advertisement
One passenger posted a photo on Twitter of an on-board TV screen showing the flight path , with the caption : `` Nightmare . ''
A spokesperson for British Airways said : `` When [ we ] are not able to operate flights into Heathrow as planned , we do our best to keep customers updated , and look after them , providing refreshments and hotel accommodation . ''
Reduced capacity at Heathrow as heavy snow fell on Sunday meant a number of British Airways flights were forced to divert to airports including Leeds and Newcastle , while other aircraft were held in holding patterns above the UK waiting for a window to land .
`` We are working with Heathrow and Air Traffic Control to operate as many of our flights as possible into the airport . Safety is always our priority , especially when dealing with very challenging weather conditions , '' the spokesperson added .
Reduced capacity at London Heathrow Airport is forcing some inbound flights to diverthttps : //t.co/ohh4Uc5QmY pic.twitter.com/6ad9MNPM2V — Flightradar24 ( @ flightradar24 ) December 10 , 2017
`` We understand this is a frustrating time , but our teams are working around the clock to ensure we get customers to their destinations quickly , but safely.​​ ''
Other airlines using Heathrow also had flights impacted .
The airport said the disruption would continue on Monday `` due to crew and aircraft being out of position '' .
`` Before coming to the airport , passengers must check their flight status with their airline , '' the airport said .
`` If the status of your flight is cancelled , please do not travel to the airport . ''
Flights at other London airports were also affected on Sunday , while services were suspended from Birmingham and Manchester , too . Ryanair and EasyJet advised customers to check their flight status before travelling to the airport .
The European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation said disruption would continue across Europe today . Nice , Brussels and Amsterdam were all suffering from delays .
Losing a game in the final four weeks of the season is never good , especially when you 're vying for your first playoff berth since 2004 . Falling to the Eagles was obviously disappointing for the Rams , but given the way they played , and how good Philadelphia is , it was a good measuring stick .
And hey , they still hold the same playoff spot they had entering Week 14 . Not bad at all .
Thanks to losses by the Saints and Seahawks , the Rams are still the third seed in the NFC . Here 's how the conference looks with three weeks remaining .
Eagles ( 11-2 , clinched NFC East ) Vikings ( 10-3 ) Rams ( 9-4 ) Saints ( 9-4 ) Panthers ( 9-4 ) Falcons ( 8-5 )
Seahawks ( 8-5 ) Lions , Packers , Cowboys ( 7-6 )
Obviously , the Rams would have liked to win that game on Sunday , but it would n't have changed their current seeding . Minnesota owns the tiebreaker over Los Angeles , which means the Vikings still would have had the No . 2 seed through Week 14 .
Granted , the Rams would 've given themselves some breathing room over the Seahawks in the NFC West , but Los Angeles could be in worse shape . Fortunately for the Rams , they own the tiebreaker over the Saints and Panthers , which allows them to keep the No . 3 seed if they win out .
If the `` normal '' 540-horsepower R8 Spyder is n't doing it for you , the wait is over . Audi has upped its convertible , mid-engined Huracan sibling to Plus spec , which means the FSI V10 gets a whopping 70-horsepower bump , all the way up to 610 . Plus , like its lowlier sibling , you get a power folding soft top that goes up or down at up to 31 mph.But wait , there 's more ! The normal R8 Spyder can hit 60 miles per hour in just 3.5 seconds , according to the manufacturer , while the new one will hit 62 mph in 3.3 seconds . ( Since the first specs we have are for the European version , we get 0-100 km times rather than 0-60 mph times . It 's clear the V10 Plus is notably quicker . ) No matter where you buy one , each V10 Plus will rev out to 8,700 rpm . Top speed increases slightly , to 203.8 mph – much faster than you 'd want to go with the top down , surely.The rest of the powertrain is standard R8 . There 's a seven-speed S-tronic dual-clutch gearbox , the only transmission available , and Quattro all-wheel drive standard . Like the standard R8 , it can send up to 100 percent of its power to either axle in extreme situations , and there 's a rear differential locker for added traction . While a variable-assist steering rack is an option , the standard steering box is an electromechanical unit.Inside and out , there 's a lot of exotic stuff . Optional Audi laser headlights and standard Audi virtual cockpit tick the box for Euro technophiles , while diehard Audi Sport enthusiasts will appreciate the carbon fiber diffuser that adds up to 220 pounds of downforce to the package.Speaking of pounds , that top weighs 97 pounds , but the total package weighs 55 less than the regular R8 Spyder . That weight savings are due to lightweight bucket seats , carbon ceramic brakes ( 15 inches up front , 14 in the back ) , and lighter alloy wheels.The cars will be delivered in Europe in late summer . We 'll know more about US-market cars soon , surely .
Police say the incident which led to the death of 53-year-old James Butler in Whanganui on Sunday was not a random attack .
`` The people in this incident are known to each other , '' a spokesperson said .
Butler was found dead after emergency services were called to a Wikitoria Rd house just before 7pm .
Police would not say if it was looking for anyone specifically in relation to the event but no one has been arrested .
Advertisement
`` Police are making inquiries into the death , at this stage we can add nothing further for operational reasons . ''
Corrections have confirmed on Tuesday Butler was on a community based sentence after a request from NZME considered under the Official Information Act .
`` The deceased was being managed on a community based sentence or order by Corrections , '' the spokesperson said .
It is believed Butler was on home detention .
Read more : Police name man at centre of homicide investigation
A homicide investigation was launched following his death on Sunday at the Wikitoria Rd property where another man in his 50s was found seriously injured .
The second man was taken to Whanganui Hospital and was reported to be in a stable condition .
Police extended sympathy to Butler 's family and friends .
A post-mortem examination was expected to be completed on Wednesday .
Police have asked anybody with information to come forward .
Anyone who may have information about this incident is asked to contact police . Information can be given anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 11
Is Jannat Zubair Rahmani Quitting Tu Aashiqui ?
According to the Spotboye report , the actress has decided to quit the show , if the makers and the channel continue to make her perform such ( intimate ) scenes .
Jannat Quitting The Show !
It is being said that Jannat 's decision was supported by her parents or may be perhaps she was asked to leave by her parents ! The actress ' parents are still in talks with the producers regarding the same to clarify that they would not adhere to their request and they would walk out of the show giving them a certain notice period !
The Actress Was Asked To Do Romantic Scenes In Her Parents ' Absence !
It was even said that the makers made Jannat to do a few romantic scenes in the absence of her parents on the sets . It was later that the actress called her mother on the set as she was not feeling good about them .
Jannat Do Not Have Any Problem With Ritvik
Obviously , this did n't go well with her parents . Although Jannat does n't have any problem with her co-star , Ritvik Arora , but she did n't like when she was asked to get a bit cosy with him .
Who Will Play Pankti If Jannat Quits ?
As we revealed , Helly Shah , Puja Banerjee and Tanya Sharma were approached to play the role of Pankti . But according to the latest reports , all the three actresses have refused to do the show ! Well , now the makers are really in trouble if Jannat walks out of the show in the middle !
Jaanat
Meanwhile , Jannat had shared a picture on Instagram and wrote , `` The bad news- Nothing lasts forever ! ! The good news-Nothing lasts forever ! ! 📷 Daddy # 🖤🥀 # keepthinking # ifyouknowwhatimean . '' - ( sic ) Her fans started guessing whether the actress is quitting the show .
The Joint Base Lewis-McChord soldier accused of driving drunk and killing a Yelm man standing along Interstate 5 in Lakewood in October 2016 has pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide .
Dillon Nash , 23 , pleaded guilty Monday to the charge in Pierce County Superior Court and is to be sentenced next Monday .
Nash killed Jason Ley , 46 , when he was standing along I-5 near state Route 512 after being the passenger in another collision about 2:30 a.m. Oct. 24 , 2016 .
Nash was driving his car 60 mph when he struck the SUV in which Ley had been riding . Ley was pinned between the SUV and the pickup parked in front of it , and he was transported to Madigan Army Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Nash had a blood-alcohol content of 0.13 percent , higher than the 0.08 limit for driving under the influence . He was arrested in Florida in January 2017 and extradited to Washington after being involved in another collision there .
Long before it became famous as a battlefield in the fight against the Islamic State group , the Iraqi city of Mosul was known for its ancient cuisine , enriched by Syrian , Turkish and Persian recipes Mosul chefs make savory meat pies known as kubbeh and spicy flatbread smeared with ground beef , which can be found in Middle Eastern restaurants the world over . But among Iraqis the city is known for pache ( PAH-chay ) — animal heads , intestines and other parts boiled in giant vats.It 's an acquired taste , to be sure . But for many of Mosul 's far-flung residents , displaced by more than two years of war , it 's a reminder of home . Iraq 's second largest city fell to IS militants in the summer of 2014 , and Iraqi forces are now locked in a long and grinding battle to drive them out.At the Famous Mosul Pache restaurant in central Baghdad , Mohammed Ahmed , the Mosul-born owner and head chef , supervises the splicing of hooves and the transfer of boiled intestines stuffed with rice from giant tankards of broth to a fryer for crisping . He also keeps an eye on the simmering heads , their teeth crudely bared.Young waiters shuttle back and forth with platters of pache , which is boiled in a fatty broth seasoned with lemons and onions , and served over a pile of pita bread The dish , which can be made with beef or lamb , is relatively inexpensive . In more freewheeling times , it provided an oily sustenance to those staggering out of Baghdad 's once-famous bars and cabarets.Aamer Khalid , a Mosul-born customer who has been coming to the joint from the beginning , says that when it opened , some of the other patrons `` did n't really know about pache . `` Like chef Ahmed , Khalid fled the city when IS took over , and now lives in the Iraqi capital . `` Those who came once became regulars , '' Khalid added . `` The pache is Mosul-style . `` Close to the borders with Turkey and Syria , Mosul has been a crossroads of civilizations for thousands of years . The oldest known recipes in the world come from Iraq , and were inscribed on Babylonian tablets going back to 1700 B.C . `` There are 33 separate recipes , preserved on three different cuneiform tablets , '' said Tate Paulette , a postdoctoral fellow at Brown University who studies Mesopotamian cuisine . `` Most of these have to do with the cooking of different types of broth , either meat or vegetable-based , and flavored with a variety of herbs . `` It 's hard to compare modern Middle Eastern cuisine with its ancient predecessors — for one , the Babylonians appear to have been fond of pork , which is forbidden by Islam and virtually nonexistent in Iraq.But Paulette says both cuisines would have included dates , different types of leavened and unleavened bread , and spices such as coriander , cardamom , cumin , mint and garlic.Many of the recipes involve boiled meat . Ahmed , who learned the trade from his uncle , might be preserving an ancient legacy . `` It 's well-known that Moslawis specialize in pache , '' he said , referring to Mosul residents . `` God willing , they will liberate Mosul and I will return and start another restaurant there . `` The embattled city is never far from the minds of Iraqis who flock to Ahmed 's restaurant . `` Mosul is a huge wound and no one can heal it , '' said a customer , Waleed al-Obaidi , as he reached his hand into a plate of pache . `` Mosul is Iraq . `` Khalid says the pache reminds him of home . `` I feel like I 'm there again , '' he said.He also remembers how affordable the food was back in his city . `` These meals you eat in Mosul are cheaper by far than in Baghdad , '' Khalid said . `` They call Mosul the mother of the poor . `` He knows where he wants to go for his first meal when he returns — the restaurant district in Dawasa , for a quzi sandwich made with a chunk of lamb cooked in a spicy tomato sauce.The same area had places serving pache , Khalid remembers . There was also Bab al-Jedid , famous for kebab and other grilled meats.Many who left Mosul hope that their city , battered by years of war and brutalized by IS , will retain its immoveable feast . `` God willing , we will go back , and God willing , Mosul will be liberated , '' Khalid said .
The number of people in homeless accommodation has fallen slightly , from 6,035 in March to 5,963 in April , according to the latest figures from the Department of Housing .
However , the figures represent a 19.9 per cent increase on the April 2017 figure of 4,972 . They also come amid ongoing controversy over the removal of 578 people from the March figures compared with the February figures , under a reclassification exercise by the department .
There were also warnings on Wednesday from a number of charities that as many as 20,000 people were living in “ hidden homelessness ” – in other words , without their own homes and living in overcrowded conditions with families or friends .
The April figures show there were 3,689 children in 1,712 families in emergency homeless accommodation , compared with 3,646 children in 1,720 families in March . These figures represent a 36 per cent increase in the number of homeless children since April 2017 , when there were 2,708 , and a 31 per cent increase in the number of homeless families in the same year , up from 1,302 .
Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy said : “ The report shows a reduction in the number of adults and families accessing emergency accommodation , which is welcome .
“ I have said before that monthly reporting makes it difficult to identify any developing trends at an early stage , but from these figures it would seem that the presentation of new families in to emergency accommodation is stabilising .
“ That said , while the number of families in emergency accommodation is down this month , a small number of families with a large number of children did present , meaning that the number of dependents has risen by 43 . ”
Fianna Fáil spokesperson on housing Darragh O'Brien said the State was “ encouraging people and families into hidden homelessness by failing to provide pathways towards long-term housing solutions .
“ Homelessness is sadly no longer just about those sleeping rough on our streets or the thousands of people living in temporary accommodation but also about the sizeable number hidden from our view and exempt from housing supports .
“ Those who have found themselves to be without a place to call home , hidden from official statistics and not receiving support , can find themselves in precarious situations , including couch surfing .
A burst water main serving thousands of homes in Drogheda and east Meath may cause water outages in the coming days , with Irish Water appealing to residents to conserve water .
A burst pipe serving the Staleen water treatment plant has led to Irish Water relying on reservoir supply , as crews have been called in to try and fix the pipeline .
Last July there was a serious burst in the same pipeline , which led to 80,000 homes and businesses going without water supply for nearly a full week .
On Thursday Irish Water appealed to locals in Drogheda and east Meath to conserve water and restrict usage , so the current reservoir supply does not run out before the pipeline is repaired .
“ We are hopeful that the repair on this occasion will be achieved in a shorter timeframe. ” a spokeswoman for the water utility said .
The treated reservoir supply has enough water for customers “ at present , ” she said .
Irish Water will provide updates throughout Thursday as the picture becomes clearer .
Standby
A crisis management team has been deployed to the area on standby , to respond immediately if the water supply does run out , or restrictions are put in place .
Repair crews were at the site of the burst main on Wednesday evening , to begin repairs to the pipe .
The burst itself is close to the same stretch of the high pressure water main that burst last year , which had a huge affect on supply .
“ Irish Water has approved the budget and design for a new pipeline to replace the existing lines ” in the area , a spokeswoman said .
“ We are in the final stages of resolving all of the contractual issues to begin mobilisation of construction of this pipeline within weeks , ” she said .
Police are investigating the Monday robbery of the combined KFC and Taco Bell restaurant at Southeast 1st Street and Lee Boulevard .
Sgt . Timothy Jenkins , public information officer for the Lawton Police Department , reported that a man armed with a weapon robbed the restaurant shortly before 10 p.m . The man also stole personal items from the employees before leaving the restaurant , according to Jenkin 's report .
If Davina McCall can wear a thong bikini at 50 , so can you .
Davina McCall has long been a health and fitness hero , with her hit workout DVDs and guides to going sugar-free , but this week she reached new heights of body positive inspiration when she posted a photo on Instagram wearing a thong bikini – just days before turning 50 .
“ First foray into thong bikini… at 50 this might look like I 'm showing off… I am , ” she captioned the picture , taken on a girly holiday to France . “ I 'm pretty chuffed , having thought I would be in one pieces after 40 I am so happy . ”
And who can blame her ? The former Big Brother presenter works hard to stay fit , but her refreshingly honest gym selfies prove that it is n't always easy , and she is n't obsessed with how she looks , it 's more about how exercise makes her feel .
Plus , Davina 's frilly Brazilian briefs are n't as skimpy as the kind of itsy-bitsy swimwear we see the Kardashian clan in – they 're actually really flattering .
Feeling inspired by the 49-year-old 's cheeky post ? Glad to hear it . Here are 5 bum-baring bikinis to wear with pride on your next holiday…
1 . Luli Fama Blue Bikini Thong Bottom And Reversible Top – Indico Fio , £150.97 , BrazilianBikiniShop.com
( BrazilianBikiniShop/PA )
2 . Vero Moda Scallop Triangle BikinI Top , £24 , and Thong Bikini Bottoms , £22 , ASOS
( ASOS/PA )
3 . Boohoo Venice Mix & Match Candystripe Strappy Triangle Top , £8 , and Brazilian Thong Brief , £8
( Boohoo/PA )
4 . KS 3 Strap Triangle Bikini Top , £16.28 , and Panty , £16.28 , NA-KD.com
( NA-KD/PA )
5 . Minimale Animale The Knotted Treachery Top , £101.69 , and The Knotted Bandit Brief , £97.92 , Revolve.com
( Revolve/PA )
© Press Association 2017
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) — Pakistan opening batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for not cooperating with the Pakistan Cricket Board 's anti-corruption tribunal in a match fixing fixing case .
`` The charge leveled upon Nasir Jamshed by the PCB so far was simply one of a failure to cooperate , '' PCB 's legal advisor Taffazul Rizvi told reporters in the eastern city of Lahore on Monday .
Jamshed is the fifth Pakistani cricketer after Sharjeel Khan , Khalid Latif , Mohammad Irfan and Mohammad Nawaz to be fined and banned for violating several anti-corruption codes during the second edition of the Pakistan Super League this year .
The PCB had suspended Jamshed on Feb. 13 this year and he is now barred from all forms of the game until Feb. 13 next year .
Advertisement
Jamshed was arrested in the UK in February and was released on bail .
He appeared before the PCB 's anti-corruption tribunal , via video link , in August this year from England . Prior to that , Jamshed failed to appear before PCB officials when they traveled to England to investigate the cricketer .
`` No proof has been made public yet so that he ( Jamshed ) does n't try to cover his tracks , '' Rizvi said . `` If he is innocent , then should n't he or his client have explained why his passport has been confiscated by the National Crime Agency in London ? Why is he on bail over there ? ''
Jamshed 's lawyer Hasan Waraich challenged Rizvi , saying the PCB had no proof against his client .
`` My client has been defamed nationally and internationally , and the reputation of the country has been damaged by the PCB 's actions , '' he said .
`` They kept saying they had multiple proofs against my client , and I challenged them to present those proofs to the media . They have consistently failed to do so . ''
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift 's favor Monday , delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet . Wanting the trial to serve as an `` example to other women , '' the star had sought a single dollar in damages , which she was granted .
In his closing statements , Swift 's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations `` by returning a verdict on Ms . Swift 's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar , the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation . ''
In his own closing arguments , David Mueller 's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after , reach under the skirt of `` one of the planet 's , one of the country 's , the biggest superstars ? ''
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller .
Late this past Friday , a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller , saying he had not proved Swift had set out to get him fired .
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015 , leading to the Denver trial , which began jury selection last Monday . Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet .
By Friday , most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself , who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller 's attorney . Asked about Mueller 's firing , Swift responded : `` I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault , because it is n't . ''
It is a simple question that required a simple answer but Willie Jackson was left exposed and learned a basic lesson as Employment Minister .
`` What is the current average wage ? '' former minister Paul Goldsmith asked him in Question Time .
He either knew or he did n't and it quickly became clear which it was .
`` At the moment , we know what the average wage is , '' Jackson blustered . `` That MP needs to do some research . ''
Advertisement
National MPs hooted in delight at the fact-free answer and Labour MPs looked unamused .
Clare Curran , sitting in front of Jackson , turned around and muttered something .
Kieran McAnulty sitting nearby pulled out an iPad mini and started frenetically tapping , presumably into Google , but Goldsmith beat him to it .
Goldsmith : `` For the minister 's information the average wage is nearly $ 60,000 , 28 per cent increase on nine years ago . ''
He then asked what Jackson 's target was for increasing the average wage .
Jackson 's defence to being caught out was to come back fighting : `` Our target is to create real jobs with dignity amongst our community . This is an Opposition that has forgotten a big group of people in New Zealand , the Maori nation and the Pacific Island nation . Shame on you ! ''
Next time Jackson will be better prepared .
The large National Opposition gets about two thirds of the 12 questions daily on notice to ministers and up to 38 follow-up questions with no notice which is where the real danger lies for ministers not on top of the basics of his or her portfolio .
Jackson was the not only minister who learned a lesson today .
Revenue Minister Stuart Nash was about to deliver a first reading speech on the Taxation ( Neutralising Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ) Bill during the hubbub of MPs departing the chamber after Question Time .
He sat down momentarily - or for what he thought was momentarily - when Speaker Trevor Mallard ruled he had forfeited his speech for sitting down at the wrong time .
Mallard , who clashed daily with National last week , seemed determined to achieve some balance and to upset the Government today .
It worked .
Leader of the House Chris Hipkins demanded to know the basis of his ruling .
`` Astonishing , '' is how Winston Peters described it .
Nash sought the leave of the House to give his speech anyway but it took only one person to object and National 's Gerry Brownlee did .
According to House observer Graeme Edgeler , the same thing happened to a new minister in 2008 who was unfamiliar with how to move a first reading . That minister was Gerry Brownlee – but leave was moved by Labour to let him do it anyway and it was granted .
Conventional pro football wisdom suggests that pass catchers begin to hit stride in their third year . That 's when some greats like Jerry Rice and Lance Allworth had their first chart-topping seasons toward Hall of Fame careers .
While it 's far too early to suggest anyone from the rookie class of 2016 are locks to reach Canton , fantasy football players should take a closer look at several third-year receivers who have a chance to be highly productive this season .
Michael Thomas ( Saints ) and Tyreek Hill ( Chiefs ) have already established their fantasy credentials and will be gone early in fantasy drafts . Hunter Henry ( Chargers ) would have been a lock to be off most boards by the seventh round but a torn ACL sustained in practice last week ended his 2018 campaign .
One third-year receiver to watch is Houston 's Will Fuller , whose draft value could have been several rounds higher had quarterback Deshaun Watson not suffered a season-ending knee injury . With Watson throwing , Fuller had a four-game stretch where he caught seven touchdowns on just 22 targets . If both he and Watson are healthy , the duo could be good for 8-10 scoring strikes , especially if Fuller 's average targets per game increases . Fuller will be a great back-end draft selection .
Advertisement
Sterling Shepard of the Giants will benefit from the arrival of running back Saquon Barkley and the return of Odell Beckham , Jr . Even with Eli Manning 's struggles in 2017 , Shepard would have eclipsed 1,000 receiving yards had he not missed five games . Shepard improved his catch percentage to 70.2 percent and his yards per game to 66.5 , potential signs of a breakout in 2018 . He would make a sneaky good flex option in point-per-reception formats and could equal the eight touchdowns he scored as a rookie .
Cleveland 's Corey Coleman , Josh Doctson of Washington and Malcolm Mitchell of the Patriots are each later stage targets who have both the upside and opportunity to take bigger steps forward . In the case of Mitchell , his recovery from knee surgery makes him a deep sleeper worth an endgame play .
RETURN OF THE PRODIGAL REDBIRD
Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes made his return to the mound on Wednesday , his first appearance since having Tommy John surgery in 2016 . One of the game 's elite prospects , Reyes will cause a frenzy in leagues where he is eligible to picked up in free agency . Those looking to pursue the hard-throwing Reyes should proceed with caution as the Cards will treat him with kid gloves . There is strikeout potential there , but expectations need to be tempered .
Reyes ' return will also spark a run on trade proposals for those who own him in keeper/dynasty leagues . Reyes owners could sell high , especially if winning immediately is a priority .
SAY `` YES '' TO BOWYER AT POCONO
Clint Bowyer has yet to win at Pocono Raceway , site of Sunday 's NASCAR Monster Energy Pocono 400 . Bowyer ( $ 9,400 at DraftKings , $ 10,600 at FanDuel ) has 10 top 10 finishes in 24 career visits to the track , including a sixth-place finish last year .
Since a second-place finish at Dover , Bowyer has finished 15th at Kansas and 12th at Charlotte , breaking what had been a streak of four straight top 10 finishes . Look for him to have a solid outing as he stands a good chance to earn his first checkered flag at Pocono .
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network , http : //FNTSY.com
High Surf Warning issued December 10 at 3:23PM HST until December 11 at 6:00AM HST by NWS
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur . Check our breaking news section for the latest .
* * Click directly on the images below to make them larger . Charts include : Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures , projected winds , projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights . * *
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
West Side
Today : Clear , with a low around 63 . Light east northeast wind .
Tonight : Widespread haze after 10am . Sunny , with a high near 86 . Light and variable wind becoming south 5 to 9 mph in the morning .
Tomorrow : Widespread haze . Mostly clear , with a low around 62 . East southeast wind 5 to 10 mph becoming south southwest after midnight .
ADVERTISEMENT
South Side
Today : Clear , with a low around 61 . Light north northeast wind .
Tonight : Sunny , with a high near 86 . South southwest wind 5 to 8 mph becoming calm in the afternoon .
Tomorrow : Clear , with a low around 59 . Calm wind becoming southwest 5 to 8 mph after midnight .
North Shore
Today : Mostly clear , with a low around 62 . South southeast wind 3 to 5 mph .
Tonight : Sunny , with a high near 84 . South wind 5 to 7 mph becoming west southwest in the morning .
Tomorrow : Mostly clear , with a low around 61 . South southwest wind 5 to 10 mph .
Central Maui
Today : Mostly clear , with a low around 59 . Light west southwest wind .
Tonight : Sunny , with a high near 84 . Light south southwest wind increasing to 6 to 11 mph .
Tomorrow : Mostly clear , with a low around 59 . Light south southwest wind increasing to 5 to 10 mph after midnight .
Upcountry
Today : Clear , with a low around 50 . Light east southeast wind .
Tonight : Sunny , with a high near 73 . Light and variable wind becoming west southwest 5 to 9 mph in the morning .
Tomorrow : Clear , with a low around 49 . South wind around 8 mph .
East Maui
Today : Mostly clear , with a low around 58 . South wind around 9 mph .
Tonight : Sunny , with a high near 82 . South southeast wind 5 to 9 mph .
Tomorrow : Mostly clear , with a low around 57 . Light south southwest wind becoming southwest 5 to 10 mph after midnight .
Lanai City
Today : Mostly clear , with a low around 60 . Light east southeast wind .
Tonight : A 20 percent chance of showers after 2pm . Widespread haze after 10am . Sunny , with a high near 76 . Light and variable wind becoming southwest 5 to 9 mph .
Tomorrow : Widespread haze . Mostly clear , with a low around 61 . Light south southwest wind increasing to 5 to 9 mph after midnight .
Kaunakakai
Today : Mostly clear , with a low around 65 . Light south southeast wind .
Tonight : A slight chance of showers between 10am and 2pm . Widespread haze after 10am . Sunny , with a high near 81 . South southeast wind 3 to 7 mph . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Tomorrow : Isolated showers after midnight . Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 66 . South wind 6 to 13 mph . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Synopsis
A cold front located around 600 miles northwest of Kauai is forecast to approach the state through the day Monday , then move down the island chain Tuesday morning through Wednesday . Winds will remain light into Monday , then shift out of the southwest and strengthen Monday night ahead of the front . Breezy north winds will fill in behind the front Tuesday through Thursday , with unsettled weather possible from Friday into the following weekend .
[ Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery of the Madonna Inn . ]
OMG ! This place should be called Kitsch Inn .
Located in San Luis Obispo on 2,200 acres of rock- and boulder-strewn land ( some weighing more than 200 tons each ) , the Madonna Inn is one of the wackiest , tackiest , craziest and most fun places you could ever hope to stumble across .
Built by Alex and Phyllis Madonna , it opened on Christmas Eve 1958 with a total of 12 rooms . So exuberant were the rooms with the creation of their over-the-top fantasy that , in a celebratory spirit , the Madonnas treated their very surprised travelers to lodging free of charge .
It stands today as a testimony to their dream of building an inn of elegance , comfort and hospitality , where each guest room is different . No cookie-cutter highway motel for these two . Boy , did they ever succeed .
With a choice of 110 guestrooms , it 's hard to choose just one , but the room names give you a clue as to what to expect : Old Mill , Jungle Rock , Harvard Square , Edelweiss , Just Heaven , Irish Hills and Yahoo — and that 's just 10 . There are 100 more , several featuring rock waterfall showers and elaborate stone fireplaces . A few of the guestrooms are grouped in themes such as the “ Ren , ” “ Dez ” and “ Vous . ”
Throughout this well-known motor inn , you 'll discover beautiful custom-made glass work , hand-carved adornments , Western murals , beach ball-sized pink roses , a 28-foot gold tree lighting fixture , Bavarian carvings on beams and doors , a European styled pool , a gazebo , a waterfall , an exceptional spa and the renowned rock waterfall urinal in the men 's restroom . Such a glorious mishmash .
Located along California 's Highway 101 , it 's a great place to recharge your creative spirits . Stop in the Copper Café for lunch and a sample of the bakery 's delectable big , big cakes with white , pink and chocolate curlicues . Belly up to the Silver Bar outside the lobby before dining at the Gold Rush Steak House .
Then perhaps do a do-si-do or an allemande left on the dance hall floor to burn off some of those cake/steak calories . Either that , or a hike or bike ride the next morning on the ¾-mile bike path connecting Cerro San Luis Mountain and downtown San Luis Obispo .
One of these days , some well-meaning Gen-Xers may come along with a big wad of cash and decide to gentrify this gaudy belle-of-the-ball . Leaving the shabby chic stone exterior intact , they 'll replace velvet-flocked wallpaper with tastefully bleached-out white walls ; swap out wagon wheel beds for stark iron headboards ; pull up green shag and floral strewn carpets and replace them with light beige sisal ; toss all the hob nob chenille bedspreads for ivory vintage linens ; remove the oh-so-handsome cowboy paintings and hang in their place framed architectural artworks ( antique map renderings perhaps ) ; and bring in an electrician to tear down the etched copper and brass rococo light fixtures and exchange them for quintessential restoration hardware brushed metal contemporary lighting .
Oh , what a terrible shame that would be .
— Judy Crowell is a Noozhawk contributing writer , author , freelance travel writer and part-time Santa Barbara resident . She can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The opinions expressed are her own .
WATFORD , Ont . — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during her swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown .
Horwath 's bus , dubbed the `` Proletariat Chariot '' by media riding on it for the campaign , experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford , Ont .
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin .
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem .
New Seahawks WR Brandon Marshall on why he 's here Six-time Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Marshall talks on his first day with Seahawks on why he is in Seattle after 12 seasons and at age 34 . Gregg Bell ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Six-time Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Marshall talks on his first day with Seahawks on why he is in Seattle after 12 seasons and at age 34 . Gregg Bell
The exceptional spell of hot , dry weather is set to continue into the end of next week , with no rain forecast for the next ten days , Met Éireann has said .
This weekend is set to see the hottest temperatures of the week , potentially hitting 30 degrees in one of two parts of the country , according to senior meteorologist John Eagleton .
However , the highest temperatures will still be a “ notch below ” those seen last week , he said . On average top temperatures will range around 27 to 28 degrees over the weekend , he said .
In terms of rainfall there will be practically “ nothing in the next ten days ” Mr Eagleton said . Another factor behind the hot weather is the humidity levels are very low , which means it is not clammy or sticky , he said .
“ The skies are dead blue . It 's the best period of weather I 've ever seen , it 's fabulous ” he said .
Top temperatures on Wednesday will be upwards of 23 degrees , Met Éireann forecast , with the Midlands to be the warmest part of the country .
Similar to much of the last week and a half , it will be dry with light breezes , the national forecaster anticipates .
Irish Water said a hosepipe ban introduced across the Greater Dublin area on Monday , has helped reduce demand on the stretched water utility . Irish Water can produce 610 million litres of treated water for the Dublin region and parts of surrounding counties per day . Last Wednesday some 615m litres of water was drawn down in Dublin , but this dropped to 578m litres on Monday , following a ban on people using garden hoses . Due to the high temperatures and near drought conditions the utility 's reservoirs have been drained .
The month-long ban means people can not use their garden hose to water their plants , cars , gardens , or fill up a paddling pool .
A spokeswoman for Irish Water said a decision on extending the hosepipe ban to other parts of the country would be made by the end of the week . Water schemes in parts of Kilkenny , Laois and Limerick are under major pressure , and may see the water conservation order extended to those areas .
Irish Water said since the ban was introduced it has received less than ten reports of people breaking it and excessively using water . Households ignoring the ban can be fined €125 , and prosecuted if they fail to pay the fine .
Dublin Fire Brigade have been dealing with several gorse fires in recent days . On Tuesday the fire service were tackling two gorse fire blazes , in Coolock , north Dublin and in the Dublin mountains .
The fire service advised any households down wind of large gorse fires to close their windows , to avoid inhaling the thick smoke , and for motorists to drive cautiously due to reduced visibility on roads .
Last week fire services in the eastern region of the country logged 608 incidents , 171 of which were gorse fires . A further 109 were grass fires , mainly in green areas of housing estates or fields , and 21 were forest fires . Wicklow saw the most gorse fires , with 56 logged incidents .
Teagasc , the State 's farming advice service , has set up a drought helpline for farmers offering advice on feeding stock and other issues . Farmers can contact this helpline at 087- 7971377 from 9am to 9pm each day . There are also a series of clinics and events taking place around the country where advice will be available for farmers .
